Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Shrinking SKU: What Causes Company Product Lines to Blow Up in the First Place? The team takes a look at why manufacturers and other consumer goods companies bring about the product creep they later seek to control. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Oct 26, 2016 at 3:11PM As companies adopt "SKU rationalization", the end result is often a decrease in the number of stock keeping units, or SKUs, a manufacturer offers. In the accompanying Industry Focus: Consumer Goods segment, Motley Fool analyst Vincent Shen is joined by senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma to discuss the three major factors that can drive a company to develop bloat in its products line in the first place. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Oct. 12, 2016. Vincent Shen: Our next supertrend has companies turning their attention, I think, a bit more into their internal operations. That's with SKU rationalization or specifically for our discussion, SKU reduction. So we'll look at this through the lens of two leading consumer products companies: Unilever and Procter & Gamble. But before we get any further than that I mentioned SKU rationalization and I think some of our listeners could probably use just a quick update or refresher on exactly what we're talking about there. Asit Sharma: Absolutely. What is an SKU? It's shorthand for "stock keeping unit" and Wikipedia has a great definition. I'm going to read this for our listeners. It's a "distinct type of item for sale." So manufacturers identify their products by unique codes that they've built. Those may actually be different than the barcodes that you see in, let's say, a grocery store when you're picking up a package to scan and pay for, but each product a manufacturer builds has this code and every time they vary the product whether it's size, color, anything, that creates a new stock keeping unit, or SKU. Shen: So, I think that with the SKUs and it kind of comes into conflict a little bit. On the one hand, we're going to talk about in this discussion how companies are working to basically make their operations more efficient, more profitable, and in some cases they are able to even boost their sales by reducing some of the offerings that they give to consumers. But in the last episode, we talked about on the customization side, giving more optionality, more potential to personalize and customize a product for each consumer, but I guess my question is can you give us an idea of how things flow through a company? We can use maybe one of the two companies, Unilever, or Procter & Gamble as an example, but how this decision in terms of what products are offered, the number of SKUs in a company's portfolio kind of flow through and can impact some of the metrics that investors are focused on generally. Sharma: It's a good question. Companies play a guessing game when they create products for a particular brand portfolio. And that guessing game is: What will the consumer want? What's the consumer's tolerance for product variation? And there are three major factors that drive the expansion of a product portfolio. First is to keep those product lines fresh and relevant. Most of us have seen the phrase "new and improved," and I guess listeners are familiar with the concept that this is all in a marketing ploy, but companies also create more products to suit the changing whims of the customer. I have these whims, and you have these whims, we may not know it, a lot of times these are internalized and it's based on what we imbibe from our culture, popular culture. Just also what's practical in our lives. Could be a very small variation on, let's say a handle of a grocery jug. We've seen milk cartons change over time. So, these whims drive product innovation as well. The third thing is product innovation. Now, when I think of product innovation, I think of a brand-new product. Because, well, innovate; you must be creating something new. But corporations look at slight variations in product packaging or say they change a formulation, add a flavor to a juice. If you are a beverage manufacturer that is a third reason. And innovation to a manufacturer can be very slight tweak. So these three factors drive that expansion of a portfolio and what we see is that in the consumer marketplace, companies will first expand their portfolios and then start to draw them back because it's an art, it's not a science. If a company had a handle on exactly how many variations of a product per each geographical region was necessary, then they would find this miraculous optimization of profit. And that's just not something that comes easily. Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble and Unilever. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 3:11PM Consumer Goods Read More What Will Amazon Do With 2,000 Grocery Stores? These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends McDonald's Testing a Big Change for the Big Mac Disney World Kicks Off the Holidays With a Bam The Next Frontier for Amazon.com: a Nationwide Brick-and-Mortar Chain? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Procter & Gamble Bulls Reassured By A Strong Q1 R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 2:08pm   Comments Share: Related PG Benzinga's Top Initiations Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 Procter & Gamble - 'Where Do We Go From Here?' (Seeking Alpha) Jefferies thinks Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG)'s strong Q1 results demonstrated its bullish view on the stock. The firm maintained its Buy rating and $98 target price, implying upside of more than 12 percent. The company delivered core EPS that topped estimates by $0.05 while revenue came in line with the consensus. However, the key factor is that organic sales advanced 3 percent compared to the Street expectations of 2.4 percent. The brokerage listed the following five key takeaways from the conference call: Expects return to market growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 citing the current 3–3.5 percent market growth pace. Sees quarterly growth to be lumpy with Q2 and Q3 expected to be below Q1. Emerging markets grow 6 percent, with 4 percent and 2 percent coming from volume and price mix respectively. Developed markets delivered 2 percent growth. FabriCare grew 7 percent in North America in the first quarter. However, the company's selective portfolio management dragged down in emerging markets. Trends in China are showing improvements. In a note, Analyst Kevin Grundy said, "Macros remain volatile and investment in FY17 will constrain EPS growth, though we continue to like the set-up here with room for P&G to re-rate as org sales growth returns to industry growth rates. Maintain $98 PT and FY17-19 EPS ests., though see conservatism in P&G's guide." Latest Ratings for PG Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Wells Fargo Assumes Market Perform Oct 2016 CLSA Upgrades Outperform Outperform Oct 2016 Argus Capital Upgrades Hold Buy View More Analyst Ratings for PG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: JefferiesAnalyst Color Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (PG) Benzinga's Top Initiations Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 9 Of The Most Successful Veterans Turned CEOs All You Need To Know About #NationalCandyDay Traders Turn Against This Conservative Sector View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on PG Trending Recent 1 BDC, CETV: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 GDX, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Ma... 5 QUOT, FB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Br... 6 ESEA, TSRO: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday... 7 SPY, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Mas... 1 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-A, BRK-B: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: Apple Lower After Q4 Report JJ Kinahan On Apple's Earnings, Inability To Keep Secrets: 'We Haven't Seen The Magic'
null
null
null
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement P&G profit beats 25 Oct 2016 Procter & Gamble reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. Jeanne Yurman reports. Video Transcript Strong demand for baby, feminine, and home care products plus solid cost cutting helped Procter & Gamble end the quarter with a profit that surpassed Wall Street expectations. The world's second largest consumer products company has been selling off money losing brands and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to jump-start sluggish sales. Erin Lash, analyst at Morningstar. (SOUNDBITE) ERIN LASH, CFA, SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST, CONSUMER PACKAGED GOODS, MORNINGSTAR, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Not only we think that that will fuel further top line growth, but will also take complexity out of the business and enable them free up more funds to further reinvest behind their brands than what they have been able to do up to this point." P&G sold 41 of its brands, including Clairol and Wella, to Coty in a $12.5 billion deal earlier this month. It is planning to further cut costs and save as much as $10 billion over the next five years. It aims to reinvest a big chunk of those savings in new products and packaging, research and development, and growing sales. more from business   Multimedia gallery The U.S.-Mexico border now gallery Supermoon of the century AUDIO Measuring HR effectiveness in the region AUDIO Brandy Scott's TED talk on happiness AUDIO How e-commerce will succeed in the Middle East AUDIO Why success is so closely tied to happiness Advertisement Most Popular Videos 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers 1 day ago - Reuters Videos Samsung buys Harman in $8 bln smart car push 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Goldman Sachs considers Frankfurt move 11 Nov 2016 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 26 October 2016 | MYT 9:32 AM Breakfast briefing: Wednesday, October 26 MarketWrap: US stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. - Reuters The DJIA fell 53.76 points, or 0.3%, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38%, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5%, to 5,283.40. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.30% to 4.1450 per US$ *It was 0.42% higher at 4.5102 per euro *Up 0.88% to 5.0428 per pound sterling *Up 0.19% to 5.0428 per Singapore dollar *0.23% lower to 3.1858 per Aussie *Up 0.26% to 3.9789 per 100 yen Energy Oil settled down on Tuesday, then US crude slid further below US$50 a barrel in post-settlement trade after an industry group reported that US oil inventories grew nearly three times as much as forecast. Brent crude settled down 67 cents, or 1.3%, at US$50.79. In post-settlement trade, it sank as much as US$1.24, or 2.4%, to US$50.22. - Reuters Top foreign stories US judge approves US$14.7b deal in VW diesel scandal: A US judge on Tuesday approved one of the biggest corporate settlements on record, Volkswagen AG's US$14.7 billion deal arising from its diesel emissions cheating scandal, and the German automaker said it would begin buying back polluting cars in mid-November. - Reuters Apple's holiday surprise: big sales, not so big profits: Apple Inc posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales on Tuesday and forecast slimmer-than-expected profit margins over the upcoming holiday season even as it projected record sales, sending its shares down. Its revenue fell 9% to $46.85 billion, while net income dropped to US$9.01 billion from US$11.12 billion a year earlier.  - Reuters P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods: Procter & Gamble Co, the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. P&G said net income attributable to the company rose 4.3% to US$2.71bil, or 96 cents per share. - Reuters AT&T aims to break from streaming crowd with Time Warner: AT&T is betting its purchase of Time Warner Inc will give the company an edge in winning subscribers for its live internet television package, a new front in media that is about to become crowded by technology players. - Reuters Top local stories Mixed signals on Malaysia leg of Formula One: Plans to scrap the Malaysian Formula One (F1) Grand Prix from the circuit calendar are being met with mixed signals - even if it is temporary. Some feel the Government should have done more to promote the F1 in Malaysia to make it a bigger success even though it costs the Government US$55mil (RM231mil) annually just to host the event. - StarBiz SC charges Three-A Resources founder and 5 others for insider trading: The Securities Commission (SC) has charged the founder and managing director of Three-A Resources Bhd, as well as five other individuals with insider trading. The insider trading is alleged to have preceded the emergence of Wilmar International Ltd as a substantial shareholder in 3A in October 2009. - StarBiz Affin gets nod from Bank Negara to sell stake to Daiwa: Bank Negara has granted approval to Affin Holdings Bhd’s proposal to dispose of a minority stake in Affin Hwang Investment Bank Bhd to Japan’s Daiwa Securities Group Inc. - StarBiz KLK offers to buy MP Evans for RM1.83b: Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd (KLK) is making an RM1.83bil cash offer to acquire MP Evans Group Plc, a British company with huge tracts of oil palm plantation land in Indonesia. - StarBiz Tengku Abdullah raises bid for Tanah Makmur shares: Tanah Makmur Bhd’s major shareholder Tengku Mahkota of Pahang Tengku Abdullah Sultan Ahmad Shah, who has proposed to privatisate the firm, has raised the offer price to RM1.90 from RM1.80. The latest offer price represents a premium of 10.5% over its last trading price of RM1.72 prior to the suspension on Tuesday. - StarBiz EcoFirst to launch its biggest project next month: Property developer EcoFirst Consolidated Bhd is banking on its biggest project to boost sales, even as the property market shows signs of slowing down. The company will be launching commercial and residential units with combined gross development value of RM600mil in Ulu Klang next month. - StarBiz Globetronics posts lower Q3 net profit: Globetronics Technology Bhd's net profit for the third quarter fell to RM9.2mil from RM20.5mil a year earlier due to drop in sales and foreign exchange loss. Revenue stood at RM52.5mil against RM88.7mil previously. - StarBiz Nestle’s Q3 net profit at RM161m: Nestle (M) Bhd posted a net profit of RM160.71mil in the third quarter compared with RM179.16mil a year earlier on higher input costs and intense marketing as well as promotional activities. Revenue increased 4.5% to RM1.262bil. It declared a second net interim dividend of 70 per share. - StarBiz A tough balancing act for Malaysia: The prospect for Malaysia to balance its budget by 2020 is becoming more distant as the country lacks catalysts that will boost long-term growth. Moody’s Investors Service senior analyst Christian de Guzman expects the Federal Government’s debt burden as a share of gross domestic product to continue climbing and remain well above the median for A-rated peers. - StarBiz FGV chief says no Eagle High talks: Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd (FGV) has not resumed any talks to buy into PT Eagle High Plantations Tbk — Indonesia’s third-largest plantation group listed in Jakarta, said president and chief executive officer Datuk Zakaria Arshad. “Mergers and acquisitions are not a priority. At the moment, FGV is focusing on its core business by maximising returns from the existing assets, reducing the administrative costs and building internal capabilities,” he said. - Edge FD Nazir is first chairman of WEF’s Regional Business Council: Datuk Seri Nazir Razak, chairman of CIMB Group Holdings Bhd, has been appointed the inaugural chair of the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) Regional Business Council (RBC), which was launched on Tuesday. The RBC is made up of 25 Asean businesses and 30 global companies. - StarBiz ‘Casio King’ surfaces as major shareholder of Computer Forms: Elusive tycoon Tan Sri Robert Tan Hua Choon — once dubbed the “Casio King” for being the only distributor of the brand’s watches and calculators — has re-emerged on Bursa Malaysia after a two-year hiatus, with the acquisition of a controlling 28.8% stake in Computer Forms (M) Bhd last week. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected How to get the young to invest more and spend less advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf From Cape May, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, MA From the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Giuliani Could Be Next Secretary of State 2h ago Trump Receives 1st Presidential Daily Brief Report Warns of Asia Arms Race if Trump Withdraws US Forces Top Stories My Stories West Virginia Mayor Resigns After Post on Michelle Obama Why Trump's Appointment of Bannon Has Raised Alarms Hundreds Hospitalized Due to Wildfires in Southeast 1 Dead in Oklahoma Airport Shooting Google, Facebook Move to Block Fake News House Democrats Delay Leadership Elections Top Russian Minister Accused of Taking $2M Bribe Russia Launches Offensive in Syria 3 More Children Investigated for Rare Neurological Disease 5 Utah Students Stabbed in Boy's Locker Room; Teen Detained #BarackObama Simela Pantzartzi/Pool Photo via EPA Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election Nov 15 Obama, Conceding No Fault, Struggles to Explain Trump's Rise #IvankaTrump Evan Vucci/AP Photo Ivanka Trump Brand 'Making Adjustments' After Promoting Bracelet Worn During Interview Nov 15 Trump Name to Be Removed From NYC Apartment Buildings Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York #SandyHook Connecticut State Police/Getty Images Newtown Families Appeal Dismissal of Suit Against Gun Company Nov 15 Prosecutors Nix Deal With Star Witness in Federal Drug Trial 6 Minnesota Men Sentenced in Islamic State Case #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Gun Control: What Will Trump Do? Cybersecurity: What Will Trump Do? Politics #ClimateChange Trump Will Change Views on Climate Change: UN Secretary General Mayors of Sanctuary Cities Say They'll Fight Trump's Plans #DonaldTrump 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire #DonaldTrump Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia #DonaldTrump Trump Starting to Sound Like Obama on Immigration #DonaldTrump Could Trump Really Dismantle the Iran Nuke Deal? #DemocraticParty Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair #DonaldTrump Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election More News Paul Ryan Poised to Remain Speaker Murder Suspect Who Escaped via Open Door Caught Wildfires Scorch, Smother Southeastern States US Must Respect Climate Deal, France Warns US Forces May Have Committed War Crimes: ICC Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in Bay School Bus Driver Scolded for Favoring Trump Supporters Twitter Expands Fight Against Abuse 8 Charged With Forming Far-Right Terrorist Group US, Philippine Special Forces Set to Hold Joint Drills ABC News Megyn Kelly 'Wrestled' With Whether to Come Forward About Roger Ailes Nov 15 Covering Trump 'Was a Test of Me,' Megyn Kelly Says #DakotaAccessPipeline John Rudoff/Polaris Dakota Access Pipeline Co. Seeks Court Order to Complete Construction 1h ago 'We're Not Going Anywhere': Millennials March Against Trump Anti-Trump Protests Across the Country #DonaldTrump Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York #DonaldTrump Protests Erupt After Donald Trump's Presidential Projection #DonaldTrump Civil War Monuments Vandalized in Richmond, Va. #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through New York City #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through Chicago #DonaldTrump Thousands Across the US Protest Donald Trump's Election Victory #DonaldTrump Thousands Across US Protest President-Elect Trump #DonaldTrump Trump Supporters and Protesters Mix Outside White House High School Students Near San Francisco Stage Anti-Trump Walkout Americans Protest Trump Election Around the Country Anti-Trump Protests Erupt for Second Night Anti-Trump Protesters Arrested During Dallas Demonstration Ulet Ifansasti/Getty Images Conservation Program Saves Endangered Orangutans in Indonesia Nov 15 Getty Images Doctors Report More Women Asking About IUDs After Election Nov 15 More News Lawyer Blames Nonexistent Man for Crash Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Benjamin Franklin's Gravestone Develops Crack Trump Team Denies Security Clearances Sought for Kids Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Autopsy Shows Keith Lamont Scott Was Shot in Back Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Woman Arrested in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash Judge Orders 'Making a Murderer' Subject's Release SEC Chair Leaving at End of Obama Administration #Elections Steve Helber/AP Photo Over 400 Reports of Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC 1h ago Refuse to Hide: Muslim Americans on Trump's Election, Hate Crimes Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes Up 67 Percent, FBI Says #Thanksgiving ABC 10 KXTV Turkey Rescued From Becoming Thanksgiving Dinner Is Now a Pet Nov 15 'Miracle on the Hudson' Survivor Gives Back to Families on Thanksgiving Emeril Lagasse's Thanksgiving Pie Recipes Ballyglass Coast Guard Unit Mystery Boat Washed Ashore on Irish Coast, Clues Point to Canadian Drift 3h ago M. Phillips/Getty Images for The Lippin Group Steve Harvey Pays Tribute to Late Bernie Mac Nov 15 Mark Ashman/Disney Parks/Getty Images Kelly Clarkson Considers Retirement 'All the Time' Nov 15 Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Now You Can Visit the Rolling Stones' 1962 Apartment #UKRoyals Peter Nicholls - WPA Pool/Getty Images Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Nov 15 Jessica Simpson's Father Joe Diagnosed With Prostate Cancer Heidi Gutman/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Nov 14 Play ABCNews.com Koala Makes Taxing Trip to Accountant's Office The koala raised eyebrows and drew laughs after strolling into an accounting office in Australia. Up Next: Play Cows Stranded by New Zealand Quake Rescued Rachel Murray/Getty Images Gwen Stefani Thanks Blake Shelton for 'Kissing Me Back to Life' 2h ago Review: A Tribe Called Quest's New Album Is 'Game-Changing Record for the Ages' Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is 1st of Many #DWTS Eric McCandless/ABC 'DWTS' Laurie Hernandez Talks Grandmother's Death Nov 15 Terra Jolé on 'DWTS' Elimination: 'It Was a Great Night' Kelsey Grammer Welcomes His 7th Child Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It Celebrating Friendsgiving, a Thanksgiving Party for Friends Trash Man Finds Treasure With a Toddler Fan #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him Onstage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres LucasFilm Ltd. Carrie Fisher Reveals 'Intense' Harrison Ford Affair 3h ago Dwayne Johnson Named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Final 5 Nominees for AMA Artist of the Year Revealed Jeff Vespa/Getty Images for Glamour Caitlyn Jenner Poses With Bono Nov 15 Tori Spelling Cradles Her Baby Bump Martin Scorsese and Katey Sagal Share a Laugh Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 25, 2016 The Associated Press   0 ___ Anger still flares after judge OKs Volkswagen emissions deal SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal judge approved the largest auto-scandal settlement in U.S. history Tuesday, giving nearly half a million Volkswagen owners the choice between selling their cars back or having them repaired so they don’t cheat on emissions tests and spew excess pollution. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer said the nearly $15 billion deal “adequately and fairly” compensates consumers and gets the polluting vehicles off the road as soon as possible. The German automaker acknowledged last year that about 475,000 Volkswagens and Audis with 2-litre, four-cylinder diesel engines were programmed to cheat on emissions tests. ___ Despite warnings, extremely dangerous air bags not repaired DETROIT (AP) — Despite thousands of mailed notices and warnings of grave danger, Honda is still having trouble finding and notifying about 300,000 people with potentially deadly air bag inflators in their cars. About 69 million Takata inflators have been recalled due to possible rupture. And in June, government regulators said testing showed that inflators in 313,000 older Hondas and Acuras had as high as a 50 per cent chance of rupturing in a crash. They told owners to stop driving them and get repairs. But four months later, only 13,000 of the cars have done so, highlighting major holes remain in the recall system. ___ New Wells Fargo CEO to employees: ‘We’re sorry’ NEW YORK (AP) — Newly appointed Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan has told employees that he is “sorry for the pain” that the bank’s employees have felt as a result of the company’s sales practices scandal. Sloan’s company-wide speech given Tuesday is the latest effort by Wells Fargo’s executives to atone for the fact that the bank’s employees, pushed by impossible sales goals, opened as many as 2 million bank and credit card accounts without customers’ authorization. In the speech, Sloan acknowledged that the bank did not respond to the problems in its branches soon enough and that upper management dodged responsibility for the bad behaviour and wrongly placed blamed on its branch employees. ___ Consumer stocks fall as Whirlpool, GM and others skid NEW YORK (AP) — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. ___ US home prices rose in August, lifted by dwindling supply WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices climbed at a solid pace in August as more home buyers competed for fewer available properties. The Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose 5.1 per cent in August, after a 5 per cent gain in July. Portland, Seattle and Denver reported the strongest year-over-year increases for the seventh month in a row. Steady hiring, low mortgage rates and some early signs of rising pay have encouraged more Americans to buy homes. Yet the number of homes for sale has fallen nearly 7 per cent from a year ago. ___ Consumer confidence retreated slightly in October WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers felt less confident this month, but the small retreat came after confidence had risen to a 20-month high in September. Consumer confidence slipped to 98.6 this month after rising to 103.5 in September, the Conference Board reported Tuesday. The September reading was the highest since confidence stood at 103.8 in January 2015. The September confidence number was revised down from an initial estimate of 104.1, which had been the highest in nine years. The lower October reading reflected a drop in consumers’ assessment of current business conditions and employment prospects. ___ Caterpillar stung by global economic funk PEORIA, Ill. (AP) — Caterpillar’s third-quarter profit was essentially cut in half with the global economy stuck in a funk, and the company said that it expects that malaise to extend into next year. The construction and mining equipment maker lowered its outlook for the year. Falling commodity prices on the farm, in the mines, and in the oil patch have forced a deep reduction in equipment spending. The earnings report Tuesday was the first since Caterpillar announced that longtime CEO Doug Oberhelman was stepping down. ___ Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 per cent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The company raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year’s end. ___ Procter & Gamble’s 1Q performance tops Street’s view CINCINNATI (AP) — Procter & Gamble Co.’s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street’s expectations as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment. P&G has been working on transforming its business to better focus on bigger brands with growth potential. The company has already shed some of the smaller brands it says collectively contribute little to its operating profit. ___ Under Armour takes a breather BALTIMORE (AP) — Under Armour had one of the worst trading days in its history as investors sensed that the hard-charging athletic company may be hitting the wall. The company reported Tuesday that quarterly revenue growth was the slowest in six years and it trimmed growth projections. Chief Financial Officer Chip Molloy said that while Under Armour continues to believe that it will significantly outpace rivals, “the growth rate going forward will be less than” what was anticipated last year. ___ GM reports record 3Q earnings despite slowing US sales DETROIT (AP) — General Motors doesn’t seem too worried about slowing U.S. auto sales or economic troubles in Europe. If third-quarter numbers are any indication, the company has numbers to back that up. The Detroit automaker reported a record profit on Tuesday that doubled results in the third quarter a year ago. And the automaker put a little more swagger behind its full-year guidance, predicting pretax earnings at the high end of previous forecasts of $5.50 to $6 per share. GM earned $2.77 billion, or $1.76 per share, compared with $1.36 billion, or 84 cents per share a year ago. Revenue hit a record $42.8 billion. ___ Chipotles sales fall again as it tries to win back customers NEW YORK (AP) — Chipotle says its sales fell for the fifth straight quarter, as the company struggles to win back customers after an E. coli scare last year. The burrito chain says sales fell 21.9 per cent at established restaurants during the quarter ending Sept. 30. That’s worse than the 18.3 per cent drop Wall Street analysts expected, according to FactSet. The company has given out millions of free burritos and launched a three-month loyalty program in June to try to bring customers back. In September, it offered even more freebies: Kids could eat free on Sundays and students could grab free sodas or iced tea with their meals. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average sank 53.76 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gave up 8.17 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite slid 26.43 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,283.40. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 per cent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > How Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Ranks As a Top Pick Is it time to buy this broker darlings of the Dow? Oct 25, 2016, 3:47 pm EST  |  By , ETFChannel.com     A study of analyst recommendations at the major brokerages shows that Procter & Gamble Co (PG) is the #11 broker pick, on average, out of the 30 stocks making up the Dow Jones Industrial Average, according to ETF Channel. Procter & Gamble also comes in above the median of analyst picks among the broader S&P 500 Index components, claiming the #212 spot out of 500. In forming this rank, the analyst opinions from the major brokerage houses were tallied, and averaged; then, the underlying components were ranked according to those averages. Investors often interpret analyst opinions from different angles — a popular analyst pick could mean that many sharp minds individually came to the same bullish conclusion, and therefore the stock should do well, but it could also mean that if the company stumbles, that would come as a negative surprise. START SLIDESHOW: The Top 15 Broker Darlings of the Dow: Current Top Analyst Picks »  From the other direction, when companies have a low rank among analysts, it isn’t necessarily the case that investors should conclude that the stock will perform poorly. 9 Stocks That Have No More Profits Left for You It can, of course, but a bullish investor could also take the contrarian angle and read into the data that there is lots of room for upside because the stock is so out of favor. For these reasons, we at ETF Channel find value to putting together these rankings, because both the top and the bottom ends of the lists can often make for some interesting stock picking ideas for further research. START SLIDESHOW: 15 Forgotten Giants of the S&P 500: Analysts’ Current Least Favorites »  Below is a chart of rank over time: According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, PG makes up 12.37% of the Consumer Staples SPDR (XLP). PG operates in the Consumer Goods sector, among companies like Unilever N.V. (ADR) (UN) and Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL). Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock Will Survive Without China Below is a three month price history chart comparing the stock performance of PG, versus UN and CL. More From InvestorPlace The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 7 Healthcare Stocks That Are Investor Poison Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/broker-darlings-of-the-dow-procter-amp-gamble-ranks-as-a-top-15-analyst-pick-2/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Toggle navigation World Economics Editorial Culture Society Politics Travel & Cuisine New Immigrant Sports & Entertainment Environment Food Safety & Health Journal de Taiwan 漢En 登入 保持登入 忘記密碼 登入 還不是會員嗎？註冊會員 忘記密碼 E-Mail 送出 返回登入頁  | Home World Pence says GOP ticket will 'absolutely' accept vote outcome By LAURIE KELLMAN , Associated Press, Associated Press 2016/10/17 15:20 WASHINGTON (AP) — Donald Trump's top supporters are racing to explain that what Trump said or tweeted isn't what he meant — especially on his claim without evidence that the Nov. 8 presidential election is "rigged" in Democrat Hillary Clinton's favor. "We will absolutely accept the results of the election," Trump's vice presidential candidate, Mike Pence said on the Sunday shows. Trump's remarks reflect his frustration with "the obvious bias in the national media" reporting in the last month of the election allegations that Trump sexually assaulted several women. Trump says all of the allegations are "lies." "When he talks about a rigged election, he's not talking about the fact that it's going to be rigged at the polls," former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani said. "What he's talking about is that 80 percent to 85 percent of the media is against him." In fact, Trump did warn, without evidence, about vote fraud in a tweet sent after his surrogates tried to reframe his remarks. "The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD," Trump tweeted later Sunday. Much of the cleanup duty falls to Pence, the Indiana governor trying to support the mercurial Trump without damaging his own future presidential prospects. On Sunday, that meant putting distance between himself and Trump over the very legitimacy of the Nov. 8 election after Trump on Saturday revived the claim that the FBI should have brought charges against Hillary Clinton over her use of a homebrew email server. "Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election," Trump tweeted to his 12 million followers on Saturday. Answered Pence Sunday: "We'll accept the will of the American people. You bet." Threatening to jail a political opponent and fueling public distrust of a popular election — to explain his loss, should that happen — was a striking breach of faith in American democracy. He has repeatedly claimed, without offering evidence, that election fraud is a serious problem and encouraged his mostly white supporters to "go and watch" polling places in certain areas to make sure things are "on the up and up." Trump is struggling to shift the focus away from mounting accusations that he sexually assaulted women in ways similar to behavior he is recorded describing on a recently released video. That puts Pence in the position of putting air between himself and the man at the top of the ticket. Trump, for example, has fought back against the allegations of sexual abuse by saying some of the accusers aren't attractive enough for him to assault, and by calling all of the charges "lies." But Pence on Sunday declined to make any such attacks. "I wouldn't say anything to disparage any woman who believes they've had an experience like this," he said on NBC, adding that he believes Trump's denials. On another subject, Pence was asked if he agrees with Trump's statement Saturday that Clinton was on drugs during the second debate and calling for drug testing before Wednesday's third and final showdown. "All I know for sure is that Donald Trump is going to be ready for the debate on Wednesday night," Pence replied. And unlike Trump, Pence acknowledged Sunday that evidence points to Russia being behind the hacking of Democratic emails. "I think there's more and more evidence that implicates Russia and there should be serious consequences," he said. Pence appeared on NBC's "Meet the Press" and "Fox News Sunday." Giuliani was on CNN's "State of the Union." ___ Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report. ←Older Newer→ Updated : 2016-11-16 08:50 GMT+08:00 MOST POPULAR Taiwan’s Eva Air among world’s top 10 best airlines for 2017 Taiwan has highest success rate of test tube babies in world Philippines travel site shows you 8 places in Taiwan that can heal heartbreak Pigsty Uncle forces pigs to walk the plank Authorities say launch of Uber EATS in Taipei illegal China bullies Taiwan: Trump adviser Missed the supermoon? Another one happening next month Airport MRT to be launched next year: MOTC Protesters take to streets in Taipei against same-sex marriage bill Exhibition features art designs behind beloved animated films About Us Contact Us Taiwan News © 2016 All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes down 54 points Tuesday Oct 25, 2016 at 10:38 AM Oct 25, 2016 at 5:06 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. "The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case," he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite Tuesday's results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe's and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97. Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.10, or 7.4 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. The reports continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Waters Corp. of Milford, Massachusetts, which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $19.15, or 12.1 percent, to $138.60. Drug maker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.20, or 2 percent, to $61.95. 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.84, or 1.8 percent, to $101.36. Media and marketing information company Nielsen took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $9.28, or 16.9 percent, to $45.65. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors also bought shares of utility companies. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 percent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Silver jumped 18 cents, or 1 percent, to $17.78 an ounce. Copper rose 5 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.14 a pound. The dollar slipped to 104.22 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro rose to $1.0892 from $1.0879. In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 58 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 58 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks mostly lower, earnings hit consumer firms By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 25 2016 08:33AM    •    Last Updated Oct 25 2016 12:52 pm Share This Article New York • U.S. stocks are slipping Tuesday as corporate earnings dominate the news and consumer companies like athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool absorb their largest losses in years. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble are sending its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average shed 47 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,176 as of 10:45 a.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143. The Nasdaq composite fell 28 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,282. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.09, or 13.4 percent, to $32.81. Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. VIDEOS TOP JOBS PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $27.88, or 10 percent, to $250. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.28, or 3.9 percent, to $87.38. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products sank $19.22, or 11.3 percent, to $151.24. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.40, or 4.6 percent, to $54.55. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $18.09, or 11.5 percent, to $139.66. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $15.03, or 6.5 percent, to $247.19. TAP THE BRAKES: General Motors had a strong quarter but investors sent its stock down $1.34, or 4.1 percent, to $31.64. U.S. auto sales have risen to record highs and recently they've showed some signs of slowing down, which has left investors worried about GM's growth. MERCK MAKES MORE: Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose 95 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $61.70. 3M GETS STUCK: 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined 5.34, or 3.1 percent, to $165.94. GOING UP: Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $2.11, or 2.1 percent, to $101.63. THIS WON'T GET GOOD RATINGS: Media and marketing information company Nielsen reported shaky results and cut its guidance, which sent its stock down $7.88, or 14.3 percent, to $47.05. CONSUMER CONFIDENCE: American consumers felt less confident this month, according to the Conference Board. Consumer confidence was lower than expected. The measurement rose to a 20-month high in September. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 59 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $49.93 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.80 a barrel in London. However energy companies held steady thanks to big gains for Baker Hughes and to oil refiner Valero, which reported strong results and jumped $2.47, or 4.4 percent, to $58.63. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.75 percent from 1.77 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 104.20 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro fell to $1.0885 from $1.0879. OVERSEAS: In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices By Associated Press Published: 00:29 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 00:29 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell broadly in Asia on Wednesday after a gloomy session on Wall Street, where shares of household names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Weaker oil prices also cast a pall. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 wavered into a modest gain by midday, adding 0.1 percent to 17,379.25, but most other regional benchmarks fell. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 0.7 percent to 23,403.44 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dropped 1.5 percent to 5,359.40. South Korea's Kospi lost 1.5 percent to 2,007.38 and India's Sensex lost 0.7 percent to 27,895.12. Markets in Southeast Asia and Taiwan also fell. WALL STREET BLUES: Disappointing third-quarter earnings from big name companies raised worries over consumer spending, a critical driver of U.S. growth. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years, losing 10.9 percent, while Whirlpool plunged 10.8 percent. Athletic wear maker Under Armour's shares sank 13.2 percent, its biggest drop in almost eight years. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.3 percent to 18,169.27, the Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq composite shed 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "U.S. equities turned lower overnight as the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index printed well below market expectations," Illka Gobius of OANDA said in a commentary. "We could see further pressure on equity markets because oil prices plunged in late N.Y. trade" after the American Petroleum Institute reported a much larger than expected buildup in U.S. crude inventories. APPLE EARNINGS: After U.S. markets closed, Apple reported lower quarterly sales, another dispiriting factor given the many Asian manufacturers that are suppliers for the iPhone and other Apple products. "Apple's numbers after-market look quite uninspiring and we are seeing shares down 2.5 percent in after-hours trade," Chris Weston of IG said in a research note. OIL PRICES: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 65 cents to $49.31 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 58 cents to $50.21 a barrel. It fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.35 yen from 104.12 yen. The euro rose to $1.0890 from $1.0879. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay ___ Follow Elaine Kurtenbach: www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach http://bigstory.ap.org/content/elaine-kurtenbach A currency trader works near screens showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI), right, and the foreign exchange rates at the foreign exchange dealing room in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. Asian stocks were mixed on Tuesday as upbeat reports on manufacturing in the U.S. and Europe were followed by weak growth data from South Korea, Asia's fourth-largest economy. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 64° Share Procter & Gamble’s 1Q performance tops Street’s view By Associated Press Published: Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 at 7:48am Updated: Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 at 11:59am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........CINCINNATI — Procter & Gamble Co.’s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street’s expectations as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment. Shares of the maker of Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper gained more than 4 percent in afternoon trading Tuesday. P&G has been working on transforming its business to better focus on bigger brands with growth potential. The company has already shed some of the smaller brands it says collectively contribute little to its operating profit. Chairman, President and CEO David Taylor said in a written statement Tuesday that the company is “now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions.” Advertisement Continue reading P&G, the world’s largest consumer products maker, earned $2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share, for the period ended Sept. 30. A year ago the Cincinnati-based company earned $2.6 billion, or 91 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted to account for discontinued operations and restructuring costs, were $1.03 per share. That topped the 98 cents per share that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research expected. Revenue was basically flat at $16.52 billion. Analysts polled by Zacks expected revenue of $16.45 billion. Sales for the health care unit climbed 4 percent, while sales for the fabric and home care division edged up 1 percent. For fiscal 2017, P&G still expects adjusted earnings per share growth of mid-single digits compared with fiscal 2016’s earnings of $3.67 per share. Analysts polled by FactSet predict earnings of $3.88 per share. Its shares rose $3.48, or 4.1 percent, to $87.58 in afternoon trading Tuesday. Its shares are up 13 percent over the past year. ____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PG at http://www.zacks.com/ap/PG _____ Keywords: Procter & Gamble, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Procter & Gamble Grows Bottom Line By 5% In Q1 R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 25, 2016 7:58am   Comments Share: Related PG Benzinga's Top Initiations Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 Procter & Gamble - 'Where Do We Go From Here?' (Seeking Alpha) Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) delivered 5 percent growth in the bottom line in the first quarter. While net sales remained flat, organic sales advanced 3 percent in the same period. The stock got a boost in Tuesday's pre-market session. Reports 5 percent increase in EPS to $0.96. Core EPS is $1.03 and beat by $0.05. Net sales of $16.5 billion are in line with the consensus. Repurchased shares worth $1 billion in the first quarter. Maintains core EPS growth outlook of mid-single digits for fiscal year 2017 compared to $3.67 achieved in fiscal year 2016. Chairman, President and CEO David Taylor, commented, "We are now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions. We're pleased with the progress we're making, but there is still more work to do to get back to the levels of balanced top- and bottom-line growth and cash generation that will consistently put P&G shareholder value creation among the best in our industry." The company's full press release: http://www.pginvestor.com/file/Index?KeyFile=36376526 The stock added 2.26 percent to $86.00 in pre-market trading on Tuesday. Posted-In: Earnings News Guidance © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (PG) Benzinga's Top Initiations Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 9 Of The Most Successful Veterans Turned CEOs All You Need To Know About #NationalCandyDay Traders Turn Against This Conservative Sector View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on PG Trending Recent 1 DVAX, TOUR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DRYS, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 JDST, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips'... 5 FDN, EA: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital B... 6 GLNG, BETR: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday ... 7 ESEA, SPY: Iceberg Ahead? The Ma... 1 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-B, BRK-A: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products General Motors Reports Top And Bottom Line Beat In Q3 Results Can You Guess This Chart?
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods By Reuters Published: 11:21 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 11:21 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Sruthi Ramakrishnan Oct 25 (Reuters) - Procter & Gamble Co, the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. P&G's shares were up 4.6 percent at $87.97 on Tuesday morning. The company has been selling off unprofitable brands and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to revive sluggish sales. P&G sold 41 of its brands, including Clairol and Wella, to Coty Inc in a $12.5 billion deal earlier this month. P&G is also planning to save as much as $10 billion in costs over the next five years, after cutting the same amount in costs over the last five years. The company plans to reinvest a significant portion of savings from the new plan in product and packaging improvement, research and development, and expanding sales coverage, P&G's Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller said on a media call. Organic sales in P&G's fabric and home care business - its largest - rose 4 percent in the first quarter, while those in baby, feminine and family care, the second largest, rose 2 percent. The two businesses, which house brands such as Tide, Febreze, Pampers and Tampex, together accounted for 60 percent of the company's total revenue. P&G's revenue was driven by "solid" volume growth of 3 percent in the quarter, in contrast to rivals such as Unilever , whose sales were mainly propped up by price hikes, Jefferies analyst Kevin Grundy wrote in a note. Net sales remained largely flat at $16.52 billion in the quarter ended Sept. 30, but beat the average estimate of $16.49 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Sales in the United Kingdom, P&G's largest European market, fell 2 percent in the quarter, Moeller said. Britain's vote to leave the European Union has caused a plunge in the pound, leading consumer goods makers such as Unilever to attempt to raise prices in the market. Moeller declined to discuss P&G's pricing strategy, but said the UK continued to be a "very challenging and highly promotional" market. P&G said net income attributable to the company rose 4.3 percent to $2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share. Excluding items, P&G earned $1.03 per share from continuing operations, beating the average analyst estimate of 98 cents. P&G's quarterly sales have been mostly falling for more than three years, as the company has been cutting its brand portfolio. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse After A Few Tumultuous Years, Procter & Gamble's Efforts Begin To Bear Fruit Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 1:03pm   Comments Share: Related PG Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies Procter & Gamble Falls To $83 - Yields Up, Dividend Aristocrats Down, And Equity Risk (Seeking Alpha) Following Procter & Gamble Co's (NYSE: PG) quarterly results, Goldman Sachs said the management's efforts are beginning to bear fruit. Improved business efforts include streamlining the company's cost structure, material pruning of portfolio, a new CEO, modest organizational realignment and overhaul of incentive compensation down to market activation level. Q3 Review, Improvement May Be Unsustainable Analyst Jason English noted that the company reported better than expected Q1 EPS on better organic sales growth and also reiterated its full year guidance. However, English is of the view that this is unlikely to be a sustained turn, given the historical pattern of unsustained improvement and the easier comparisons for the quarter. Although believing that real improvement is afoot, the firm feels it would translate into a middle-of-the-pack algorithm of low-single-digit sales and mid-to-high EPS growth beyond. Given the company's relative premium to other global mega-cap staples companies, the firm thinks the company needs to deliver more to drive relative outperformance. The firm has a Neutral view on shares, but raised its price target to $92 from $90. Latest Ratings for PG Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 CLSA Upgrades Outperform Outperform Oct 2016 Argus Capital Upgrades Hold Buy Aug 2016 Johnson Rice Upgrades Accumulate Buy View More Analyst Ratings for PG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Goldman Sachs Jason EnglishAnalyst Color Price Target Analyst Ratings © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (PG) Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 11-13 The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 9 Of The Most Successful Veterans Turned CEOs All You Need To Know About #NationalCandyDay Traders Turn Against This Conservative Sector Morgan Stanley Resumes Coverage On Coty, Says Storyline Is Priced Into Current Valuation View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on PG Trending Recent 1 MTL, PBR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, JDST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 TREE, CRCM: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Do... 5 PG, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of P... 6 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Comple... 7 BDC, DGII: Must Watch Stocks for Novemb... 1 SYMC, SIEGY: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 14 2 MRK, ABBV: Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvon... 3 GRUB: GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten... 4 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For... 5 XRT, TJX: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 6 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF O... 7 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For G... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Boise Cascade Removed From Goldman's Americas Buy List: 'Housing Leverage Proves Elusive' Cytosorbents Gets Bullish Commentary On European Outlook
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble Co Growth Picks Up Steam The consumer goods giant just manged its best sales quarter in years. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 25, 2016 at 7:46PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) is on a roll. The consumer goods giant this week posted its fastest pace of quarterly sales growth in nearly three years. And, despite a sluggish overall industry, P&G managed to boost market share while producing solid earnings gains as well. Here's how the big-picture results stacked up against the prior-year period:  Metric Q3 2016 Actuals Q3 2015 Actuals Growth (YOY) Revenue $16.5 billion $16.5 billion N/A Net income $2.76 billion $2.64 billion 5% Earnings per share $0.96 $0.93 6% Data source: P&G financial filings. YOY = year over year. Sales growth is up Reported revenue was flat, but organic growth, which strips out the impact of currency changes and brand divestments, rose at a healthy 3% clip. That marked P&G's best showing since the first quarter of 2014. Image source: Getty Images. The company can also claim some solid momentum on this key metric: Organic growth was flat nine months ago before stepping up to a 1% quarterly pace, followed by a 2% pace last quarter. P&G is even outpacing rivals, for a change. Unilever (NYSE:UL) recently announced a sales growth slowdown as organic gains fell to a 3% rate from the 5% clip the company had enjoyed for over a year. Unilever endured a rare sales volume dip, too. Procter & Gamble, in contrast, enjoyed its second straight quarter of volume-driven growth as the metric rose in each of its five main product categories, led by a 5% jump in the healthcare segment. Costs are down Costs continued to trend lower, thanks to management's multiyear effort to slice billions of dollars out of its expense structure. Cost of goods sold fell as a percentage of sales, which kept the company right on track to deliver its target of $2 billion of annual savings. PG Cost of Goods Sold (TTM) data by YCharts. Cutting against those gains was an uptick in advertising spending. Management has credited the increased marketing support for helping drive sales gains, and so the company is likely to continue trading higher organic growth for lower operating profits. Still, the bottom line improved despite the flat revenue and higher advertising spend. P&G's net profit margin ticked up by nearly a full percentage point, to 16.4% of sales, despite the negative impact of currency swings. Over $1 billion of stock repurchases, meanwhile, helped power a 6% jump in per-share earnings. Management's focus Executives sounded pleased with P&G's performance. "Our first quarter results mark a good start to the fiscal year," CEO David Taylor said in a press release. "We delivered broad-based organic sales growth improvement across product categories and markets, as well as strong cost savings." P&G's 10 core product categories. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Management also highlighted its recent sale of beauty brands to Coty that marked the effective end of its two-year brand-shedding initiative. Now the company is targeting just 66 franchises (down from 165) that Taylor and his team believe have the best prospects for sales growth and profitability. "We are now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions," executives said. Looking ahead P&G still has plenty of work ahead before investors can call the turnaround a success, though. After all, the company left its full-year sales growth outlook unchanged at 2%, which implies that executives see a slowdown ahead over the next nine months. However, this report provides the strongest evidence yet that P&G's growth trend is finally starting to improve. The company has now logged two straight quarters of sales volume gains, and market-share gains are evident in categories like healthcare, and fabric and home care. So it seems likely that P&G will soon return to the level of balanced growth that management has aimed for, but not achieved, in years. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble and Unilever. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 7:46PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $39.67 up $0.36 (0.92%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.62 up $0.62 (0.75%) Read More 3 Ways Procter & Gamble Co. Is Losing to the Competition 7 Best Payout Ratios in Consumer Goods Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks P&G Stock History -- Why Procter & Gamble Co. Looks Good Long-Term How Procter & Gamble Co. Plans to Deliver $22 Billion to Shareholders This Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Tuesday November 15 2016 11:36 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Consumer stocks fall as Whirlpool, GM and others skid October 26, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as shares of well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it’s too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. “The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case,” he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite Tuesday’s results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool’s results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe’s and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won’t be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Meanwhile a report showed that consumer confidence fell in October as consumers got a bit more pessimistic about business conditions and their employment prospects. The Conference Board had said consumer confidence reached a 20-month high in September. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97, Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.10, or 7.4 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. The reports continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $19.15, or 12.1 percent, to $138.60. Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.20, or 2 percent, to $61.95. 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.84, or 1.8 percent, to $101.36. Media and marketing information company Nielsen took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $9.28, or 16.9 percent, to $45.65. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors also bought shares of utility companies. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 percent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Silver jumped 18 cents, or 1 percent, to $17.78 an ounce. Copper rose 5 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.14 a pound. The dollar slipped to 104.22 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro rose to $1.0892 from $1.0879. In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France’s CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea’s Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, stock, results, company, reported, investors, Other stories from today: New Wells Fargo CEO to employees: ‘We’re sorry’ Anger flares after judge OKs Volkswagen emissions deal Apple’s quarterly sales fall, forecast calls for gains     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County crime  
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Corporate > Merck Consumer Health CMO on who makes healthcare decisions Tweet Diana Bradley October 25, 2016 Merck Consumer Health CMO on who makes healthcare decisions Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Atilla Cansun, chief marketing officer at Merck Consumer Health, based in Darmstadt, Germany, talks to PRWeek about the company's WE100 platform, which is "about the right of everybody to look forward to 100 great years and ask their governments for all the support they need." You worked with Procter & Gamble for 17 years before joining Merck in 2013. Why the transition? I never worked in healthcare before I joined Merck. It is very important to be able to relate to the category and its purpose. The contribution [Merck] gives to real people in their day-to-day lives showed me a different perspective than working on something like hair color.  How has marketing and communications changed since you joined? The first year, I wanted to see what moves consumers, doctors, and pharmacists by intentionally and significantly emotionalizing our communications. We wanted to visually soften our comms but also use terminology and ideas that speak to the heart versus speaking to the left brain, which is masculine, binary, and black and white. Around 2014, we decided to use every opportunity to position our brands as sympathy holders — the ones who care, listen, understand, and hold hands with consumers. We called them "Love Brands." At Cannes this year, Merck launched the WE100 platform. What inspired it? Love Brands was WE100's precursor. We want to prepare society for a new era where people live 100 years. Life expectancy has picked up significantly since the 1960s, even in the least developed country. But the legislative environment, government, system that is overlooking people has barely changed. You go from school to a job, the rest is smooth sailing and counting our days to the grave once you retire. What shaped the strategy? We placed a big study to find out the pain point and needs of people in this context. That shapes the content we are chewing on and about to roll out in Europe and Africa. WE100 is about the right of everybody to look forward to 100 great years and ask their governments for all the support they need. At Cannes, I was trying to find partners in crime that without any financial expectations, out of the goodness of their hearts, will help us out — such as the media industry, pharmaceutical industry, and even royalty such as [Queen Elizabeth II] and the Pope. His endorsement could be a great help for families to take this seriously for their kids. What initiatives do you have coming up around that? Healthy Hour is about raising awareness and teaching kids how to prepare for a 100-year life versus just learning about the next 20 years and how you can be good in math, physics, biology, and maybe literature so you can nail the best college and job. We are kicking that off in Africa this fall with support and engagement from governments over there. We are relying on pharmacists and doctors who in smaller villages may be the teachers of the courses. Another big project is We4You, which asks Merck employees to take time off in an organized way to help the elderly and better integrate them into society. We are doing this in Europe, working with the elderly on topics such as digital crash courses, knowledge about your bones, avoiding accidents, and restarting your professional life. What areas are you focused on? Women's and babies' health. Femibion is a pregnancy multivitamin. To support it, we came out with a campaign called Working Mothers, which is about recognizing the dedication of new moms to their babies that is perceived as holding back your career, turning it around, and recognizing your experience as a mom is a great qualification for a job as well. What can moms bring to the table? Skills moms have include listening, operational discipline, prioritizing, and multitasking, which are needed in the real world [for jobs ranging from] receptionist to the top manager. We have many female leaders. Our CEO, Uta Kemmerich-Keil, is a mother of two. The company has enabled her to go through her maternity leave, recognized her, and rewarded her to move forward. We have a lot of great stories from within our company that we will provocatively share with broader audiences in 2017. This is based in Germany and Austria, but we feel it is going to be universal. What came out of the first Global Consumer Health Debate you threw earlier this year?  The biggest realization is that 70% or more of big decisions are made by women. We had better understand their hopes, wishes, needs and contributions to the health industry. In terms of consumer health, they are the gatekeeper for the entire family. What's your biggest challenge from a marketing perspective? If doctors, pharmacists are not falling in love with what you say, they don't care or remember about the info you provide them. If your nose is decongested in 15 seconds or 12, who cares? It is a beautiful, wonderful story that can be passed onto the next person. It is worth tweeting about, and sharing on YouTube with your friends. That is what matters for doctors, pharmacists, and nurses. The challenge for the healthcare industry is how we digitize our interaction with doctors, healthcare professionals, and consumers. What agencies do you work with?  We work with Saatchi & Saatchi, SelectNY, and Ogilvy. From a PR perspective, Weber Shandwick helps us. This Q&A was first published by PRWeek.  Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Related Articles Merck outspends Bristol-Myers Squibb on journal ads for Keytruda Merck's Keytruda wins approval in first-line lung cancer Infographic: Merck's Keytruda versus Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo From One CMO to Another: What Chief Medical Officers Can Learn from Chief Marketing Officers The Story Behind the Story, Live From Cannes, Presented by McCann Health Merck's creative archive tells an industry story Related Topics Consumer Marketing & Communications Pharma Media People Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Corporate Astellas boosts pharma's rep with corporate branding push MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 8, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Kite Pharma to keep anticipated CAR-T launch 'controlled' and targeted at certain hospitals Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 PulsePoint launches health vertical for programmatic advertising Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Advertising Election Legal/Regulatory FDA Health Influencer 50 People Pharma Pricing Commercial More in Corporate Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Pfizer expanded its humanitarian efforts by providing the Prevnar 13 vaccine at a low price and donating proceeds to aid groups. How Ascension's Nick Ragone is rebranding one of ... The health system is one of the largest in the country. Most of Ascension's hospitals, Ragone says, used to operate almost independently from each other and the company's headquarters. Timeline of a crisis: How Mylan responded to ... Mylan was slammed by people unable to afford its lifesaving EpiPen injection device following a price hike — its response was seen as too little, too late. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.

Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Consumer stocks fall as Whirlpool, GM skid By The Associated Press | Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, 10:45 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the stock market lower Tuesday as shares of well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market, and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the economy, and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. “The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case,” he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite the results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe's and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Meanwhile a report showed that consumer confidence fell in October as consumers got a bit more pessimistic about business conditions and their employment prospects. The Conference Board had said consumer confidence reached a 20-month high in September. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products such as toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97, Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.10, or 7.4 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. The reports continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $19.15, or 12.1 percent, to $138.60. Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.20, or 2 percent, to $61.95. 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.84, or 1.8 percent, to $101.36. Media and marketing information company Nielsen took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $9.28, or 16.9 percent, to $45.65. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors also bought shares of utility companies. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 percent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Silver jumped 18 cents, or 1 percent, to $17.78 an ounce. Copper rose 5 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.14 a pound. The dollar slipped to 104.22 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro rose to $1.0892 from $1.0879. In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers notebook: Tomlin says discipline and accountability issues are 'popcorn' Steelers' Heyward to miss remainder of season Arnold man wounded in Lower Burrell shooting Daily Gallery View Tuesday ­— Nov. 15, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes down 54 points Tuesday Oct 25, 2016 at 10:38 AM Oct 25, 2016 at 5:06 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. "The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case," he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite Tuesday's results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe's and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97. Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.10, or 7.4 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. The reports continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Waters Corp. of Milford, Massachusetts, which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $19.15, or 12.1 percent, to $138.60. Drug maker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.20, or 2 percent, to $61.95. 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.84, or 1.8 percent, to $101.36. Media and marketing information company Nielsen took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $9.28, or 16.9 percent, to $45.65. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors also bought shares of utility companies. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 percent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold rose $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Silver jumped 18 cents, or 1 percent, to $17.78 an ounce. Copper rose 5 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.14 a pound. The dollar slipped to 104.22 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro rose to $1.0892 from $1.0879. In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Under Armour slumped, and Procter & Gamble soared as indexes fell on Tuesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 25, 2016 at 5:37PM Image source: Getty Images. Stocks ticked down on Tuesday as investors digested a flood of third-quarter earnings reports. Both the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) indexes ended the trading session lower by roughly 0.3%. Today's stock market: Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow (0.29%) (53.76) S&P 500 (0.38%) (8.17) Data source: Yahoo! Finance. The Direxion Daily Gold Miners 3X Bull ETF (NYSEMKT:NUGT) enjoyed a 9% jump as its highly leveraged bet on the precious metal benefited from an uptick in gold prices. The VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF (NYSEMKT:GDX) also enjoyed a solid uptick, rising 3% to bring its year-to-date return over 90%. Earnings reports continued to drive unusually large share price swings, including in Under Armour (NYSE:UA)(NYSE:UA-C) and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) on Tuesday. Under Armour lowers its profit outlook Under Armour shareholders endured a 13% daily loss following the athletic apparel specialist's quarterly earnings report. Sales spiked by a healthy 22% to $1.45 billion to edge past consensus estimates that were calling for a 21% jump to $1.45 billion. Earnings also beat expectations, rising 28% to $128 million, which translated to $0.29 per share. The 33 Wall Street analysts who cover the stock were, on average, looking for $0.25 per share of profit.  Image source: Getty Images. Under Armour continues to reap huge rewards from its growing global branding. The international segment enjoyed 74% higher sales with help from significant marketing spending around the Rio Olympic Games. Footwear also expanded at a much faster pace than the rest of the company, soaring 42% to pass $250 million of sales. "Our key strategies and investments to diversify our portfolio on a global scale were evident across categories, channels, and geographies," CEO Kevin Plank said in a press release. However, those investments are costly. Under Armour's gross margin fell by more than a percentage point to 47.5% of sales as it increased promotions. Moreover, Plank and his team see profitability continuing to shrink. In an update to their long-term guidance, the management team lowered its operating profit forecast through 2018, which likely explains the stock's drop on Tuesday. The company left its aggressive sales forecast in place, though, so its market-beating growth potential is still in place, even if shareholders will have to wait longer for the profit payoff. Procter & Gamble's solid sales growth Procter & Gamble's stock jumped 3% after the consumer goods titan announced its best growth pace in years. Organic sales rose by 3%, compared to 2% in the prior quarter, which got P&G off to a strong start in its new fiscal year.  Image source: P&G. Notably, P&G's gains were driven by higher sales volume and not just increased prices. The company has now posted two straight quarters of volume-powered growth to add weight to management's aim to boost overall sales by 2% this year, compared to 1% in fiscal 2016. At the same time, cost cuts produced plenty of excess cash that P&G could direct toward increasing its marketing investments while still boosting profits. The company's core earnings rose by 12%, compared to an 8% decline last quarter. "We delivered broad-based organic sales growth improvement across product categories and markets, as well as strong cost savings," CEO David Taylor said in a press release. The strong results weren't good enough to convince management to boost its outlook. P&G still sees a tough global selling environment keeping growth to a minimum this year. However, with its new, more profitable portfolio finally in place, and with sales volumes picking up, it is likely the maker of Tide detergent and Gillette razors will soon reverse the market share declines that have eaten into earnings over the last two years. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Under Armour (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Under Armour (A and C shares). The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 5:37PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $18,923.06 up $54.37 (0.29%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,180.39 up $16.19 (0.75%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.62 up $0.62 (0.75%) Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 2X Shares NYSEMKT:NUGT $9.55 up $1.04 (12.22%) Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF NYSEMKT:GDX $22.02 up $0.90 (4.26%) Under Armour (A Shares) NYSE:UA $31.94 up $0.77 (2.47%) Under Armour (C Shares) NYSE:UA-C $25.36 up $0.48 (1.93%) Read More 3 Ways Procter & Gamble Co. Is Losing to the Competition Better Buy: Under Armour Inc or Adidas? P&G Stock History -- Why Procter & Gamble Co. Looks Good Long-Term How Procter & Gamble Co. Plans to Deliver $22 Billion to Shareholders This Year The 3 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Wednesday , 16 November 2016 About Advertise Contact Editors & Contributors Privacy Policy Subscribe Using Content The Global Herald News, Analysis & Reflection Business Entertainment Fantastic Beasts Premiere: Dan Fogler talks giggle water, baking and Eddie Redmayne November 15, 2016 Orlando Bloom and Prince William attend Evening Standard Theatre AwardsNovember 14, 2016 Could James McAvoy be the next James Bond?November 14, 2016 Amber Riley: Loving theatre but “done with Glee”November 14, 2016 Emma Watson and Daniel Radcliffe ‘hugely supportive’ of Harry Potter and the Cursed ChildNovember 14, 2016 Cursed Child director: JK Rowling “loves an emoji”November 14, 2016 Anthony Boyle says The Cursed Child is like a “rock concert”November 14, 2016 Law Lifestyle News Trump se prepara para la Casa Blanca November 15, 2016 Movie Pass – “The Edge of Seventeen”November 15, 2016 House Democrats face post-election shake upNovember 15, 2016 NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of TrumpNovember 15, 2016 The Rolling Stones’ Exhibitionism debuts in New YorkNovember 15, 2016 Reid: Stop hiding behind Twitter, drop BannonNovember 15, 2016 Can world leaders convince Trump to change his climate change policy?November 15, 2016 Politics Satire Science Sport Mini Mix #7: Lakers Making Noise Early On! November 15, 2016 Vince Carter Joins An Exclusive List (20pts and 7 rebs Off Bench vs Utah)November 15, 2016 2016 RSM Classic previewNovember 15, 2016 (Tuesday Replay) – 2016 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals – Practice Court 2 Live StreamNovember 15, 2016 Badstuber & Green vs. Costa & Bernat – FIFA Player TournamentNovember 15, 2016 (Tuesday Replay) – 2016 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals – Practice Court 1 Live StreamNovember 15, 2016 Kevin Garnett vs Rasheed Wallace| Battle of Big Men With SKILLSNovember 15, 2016 Tech Thought Breaking News Trump se prepara para la Casa Blanca Movie Pass – “The Edge of Seventeen” House Democrats face post-election shake up NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump The Rolling Stones’ Exhibitionism debuts in New York Reid: Stop hiding behind Twitter, drop Bannon Can world leaders convince Trump to change his climate change policy? Home » News » P&G profit beats P&G profit beats News Desk October 25, 2016 News Leave a comment 2 Views Procter & Gamble reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. Jeanne Yurman reports. Subscribe: http://smarturl.it/reuterssubscribe More updates and breaking news: http://smarturl.it/BreakingNews Reuters tells the world’s stories like no one else. As the largest international multimedia news provider, Reuters provides coverage around the globe and across topics including business, financial, national, and international news. For over 160 years, Reuters has maintained its reputation for speed, accuracy, and impact while providing exclusives, incisive commentary and forward-looking analysis. http://reuters.com/ https://www.facebook.com/Reuters https://plus.google.com/u/0/s/reuters https://twitter.com/Reuters Share tweet About News Desk Editors and staff from the News Desk at The Global Herald. Previous Trump, Clinton souvenirs fly off store shelves Next Venezuela’s political standoff worsens Related Articles Trump se prepara para la Casa Blanca November 15, 2016 Movie Pass – “The Edge of Seventeen” November 15, 2016 House Democrats face post-election shake up November 15, 2016 Check Also NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump In New York City, people find solace a week after the U.S. presidential election by … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. The Global Herald by Email First Name * Email * Built & Hosted by Silicon Dales ©2015 24 Hour Trading Ltd
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Primer: First District Court of Appeals Judge: Stautberg vs. Zayas-Davis Immigration attorney challenges incumbent for Court of Appeals job Post to Facebook Primer: First District Court of Appeals Judge: Stautberg vs. Zayas-Davis  Immigration attorney challenges incumbent for Court of Appeals job  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2eOogku {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Primer: First District Court of Appeals Judge: Stautberg vs. Zayas-Davis Mary Schrott, Enquirer contributor 1:52 p.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Peter Stautberg (Photo: Provided) Attorney Marilyn Zayas-Davis, who has an immigration law-centered private practice in downtown Cincinnati, is challenging Peter Stautberg for one of the six judge slots on the Hamilton County First District Court of Appeals. Stautberg, the incumbent, was appointed to the job by Gov. John Kasich in March, 2015. He’s a former state representative and vice president of Fifth Third Bank. He touted his seven months of experience and 36 opinions on the bench. “I want [voters] to know that I am forthright, hard working, and always out to do the best job that I can do in being fair and rendering justice,” Stautberg said in an interview. Zayas-Davis is making her first bid for a judgeship after a nearly 20-year career in private practice arguing cases in county, state and federal courts. Earlier, she was an assistant prosecutor and worked at Procter & Gamble. She also has a colorful campaign theme: purple. “Purple is the color of inclusion and professionalism,” Zayas-Davis said, passing boxes in her downtown office of campaign T-shirts, posters, flyers, stickers and yard signs all popping with the purple slogan “Marilyn Zayas-Davis For Judge.” In 2001, right after she started her law practice MZD Law in Cincinnati, she won the case State of Ohio v. Yanez . She represented Antonio Yanez, who appealed a guilty plea to two counts of aggravated vehicular assault because the court, before accepting his plea, failed to explain the risk of deportation and being blocked from naturalization if he was convicted. Zayas-Davis won the case in the First District Court of Appeals, the court she now wants to join. “I want everyone that comes to the Court of Appeals to have a meaningful opportunity to be heard,” says Zayas-Davis, who is fluent in Spanish. In 2013, Zayas-Davis won the Distinguished Hispanic Ohioan Award from the Ohio Commission of Hispanic and Latino Affairs. If elected, she would be the only Democrat on the six-judge panel. The First District Court of Appeals is one of 12 of Ohio’s appellate districts. It reviews appeals from lower courts such as Municipal and Common Pleas. The term for this judge slot ends in February 2019. Peter Stautberg Stautberg is a lifelong Cincinnatian. “When I was in law school and as a young lawyer, you're looking at opportunities to give back to the community, and being a judge was always out there as being something to look for,” he recalls in an interview. He also has served the public as a state legislator for the 34th and 27th districts. Stautberg chaired the house’s Public Utilities Committee, and was a member of the Judiciary and Finance & Appropriations committees. He sponsored 19 bills and co-sponsored 127 bills during his tenure. One of the bills he sponsored in 2014, Senate Bill 310, enacted a two-year freeze on Ohio’s renewable energy and energy efficiency standards, causing public outrage. Citizens argued the bill put clean energy jobs at risk. The Ohio Chamber of Commerce and the utility First Energy and American Legislative Exchange Council had pushed to roll back the standards. The bill was signed privately by Gov. Kasich, who issued no statement afterward. Stautberg says his love for the Queen City, as well as his six years representing Ohio’s 27th House District, creates a strong tie with voters. “My heart has always been here. Voters know where I come from, they know who I am and many people even know my family,” he explains. During his campaigning, Stautberg hopes to educate people about what he does as a judge as well as what the appeals court is. “The law is about learning, the law is about informing and it's all about helping people,” Stautberg explains. “I like that ability to council.” Marilyn Zayas-Davis  (Photo: Provided) Marilyn Zayas-Davis A New York native, Zayas-Davis came to Cincinnati to work for Procter & Gamble. In 1994, she enrolled full time in the University of Cincinnati College of Law. Part of Zayas-Davis’ passion for education and serving her community comes from her upbringing in Washington Heights, a drug-torn neighborhood in New York City. While her Puerto Rican immigrant parents worked hard to provide for her family, she says she truly felt at home after moving to Cincinnati. “Cincinnati is my beloved adopted home,” Zayas-Davis explains. “Cincinnatians are good people who care very deeply about family values and community.” The ability to share ideas among the six judges on the Court of Appeals bench has an important appeal for Zayas-Davis. “It’s about a meaningful exchange of ideas and perspectives,” she elaborates on the judging process. “When justice is properly served, it’s a very powerful thing. Justice isn't about winning or losing – it’s about being understood and being heard.” Regardless, all judges run as non-partisans, which Zayas-Davis believes is wonderful because “It’s really about the person not the party.” As judge, Zayas-Davis states she “will be an appellate judge that applies the law consistently, without bias, even candidly.” While Zayas-Davis and Stautberg are competitors, they both agree on the importance of voters focusing on the down ballot. “It’s really is our local races that affect our lives more directly and more often than what happens in Washington,” Zayas-Davis explains. Adds Stautberg, “The further down you go the more local and impactful those candidate are. It’s really important that you understand it does matter, every vote for every candidate.” Mary Schrott is part of a Miami University partnership helping The Enquirer cover the election. On Twitter: @MiamiUPolReport Bio Box Name: Peter J. Stautberg Age: 52 Residency: Anderson Township Education: Bachelor’s degree, Kenyon College; MBA and law degree, Ohio State Current employment: Judge, Hamilton County First District Court of Appeals Family: Married to Lee Stautberg; two daughters. Other experience: Attorney and vice president, Fifth Third Bank; lawyer in private practice; represented 34th and 27th Ohio House Districts, where he was chair of the Public Utilities Committee Political party: Republican Political website, social media handles: https://www.facebook.com/Judge-Peter-Stautberg-1119635494744257/ Name: Marilyn Zayas-Davis Age: 51 Residency: Anderson Township Education: J.D., University of Cincinnati College of Law; graduate of FBI Citizens Academy Current employment: Attorney at MZD Law, an immigration-focused law firm she founded Family: Married; one son and two daughters Other experience: Adjunct law professor, UC; Hamilton County public defender; attorney for Holland & Hart; worked for Proctor & Gamble for 6 years Political party: Democrat Political website, social media handles: http://www.zayasdavisforjudge.com/ https://www.facebook.com/Vote4MarilynZ/, Twitter @Vote4MarilynZ , Instagram @Vote4MarilynZ 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2eOogku TOP VIDEOS Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 More Stories Deters: Decision to retry is 'what I got elected to do' Nov. 14, 2016, 9:08 p.m. David Dooley hearing postponed Nov. 15, 2016, 3:55 p.m. Small symptoms, big problems Nov. 14, 2016, 12:54 p.m. We're not as different as election made us feel Nov. 15, 2016, 1:48 p.m.
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines NTSB finds Ride the Ducks crash due to broken axle Updated: 3 mins ago SEATTLE (AP) — The National Transportation Safety Board ruled on Tuesday that the probable cause of the 2015 Ride the Ducks crash that kille… Protest filed in Bladen County over alleged fraudulent absentee ballots Updated: 6 mins ago The initial evidence laid out in the protest suggests a “massive scheme to run an absentee ballot mill involving hundreds of ballots, perpet… Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash Updated: 23 mins ago Judge rules against polygamous sect in food-stamp fraud case Updated: 23 mins ago Fayetteville rape suspect held on $250,000 bond Updated: 23 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 52° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 52° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 71% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices ELAINE KURTENBACH, The Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 5:28 pm Updated: October 26, 2016, 5:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell broadly in Asia on Wednesday after a gloomy session on Wall Street, where shares of household names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Weaker oil prices also cast a pall. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei 225 wavered into a modest gain by midday, adding 0.1 percent to 17,379.25, but most other regional benchmarks fell. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 0.7 percent to 23,403.44 and Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 dropped 1.5 percent to 5,359.40. South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.5 percent to 2,007.38 and India’s Sensex lost 0.7 percent to 27,895.12. Markets in Southeast Asia and Taiwan also fell. WALL STREET BLUES: Disappointing third-quarter earnings from big name companies raised worries over consumer spending, a critical driver of U.S. growth. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years, losing 10.9 percent, while Whirlpool plunged 10.8 percent. Athletic wear maker Under Armour’s shares sank 13.2 percent, its biggest drop in almost eight years. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.3 percent to 18,169.27, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index gave up 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq composite shed 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “U.S. equities turned lower overnight as the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index printed well below market expectations,” Illka Gobius of OANDA said in a commentary. “We could see further pressure on equity markets because oil prices plunged in late N.Y. trade” after the American Petroleum Institute reported a much larger than expected buildup in U.S. crude inventories. APPLE EARNINGS: After U.S. markets closed, Apple reported lower quarterly sales, another dispiriting factor given the many Asian manufacturers that are suppliers for the iPhone and other Apple products. “Apple’s numbers after-market look quite uninspiring and we are seeing shares down 2.5 percent in after-hours trade,” Chris Weston of IG said in a research note. OIL PRICES: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 65 cents to $49.31 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 58 cents to $50.21 a barrel. It fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.35 yen from 104.12 yen. The euro rose to $1.0890 from $1.0879. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay ___ Follow Elaine Kurtenbach: http://www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach http://bigstory.ap.org/content/elaine-kurtenbach Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement 70s coming before strong weekend cold front 5:37 pm Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. NORTH CAROLINA NEWS Protest filed in Bladen County over alleged fraudulent absentee ballots Updated: 13 mins ago The initial evidence laid out in the protest suggests a “massive scheme to run an absentee ballot mill involving hundreds of ballots, perpet… The Latest: State board investigates Bladen absentee ballots Updated: 10 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the post-Election Day counting of ballots for the close North Carolina governor’s race (all times local): … Parties continue to maneuver as NC governor’s race remains tight Updated: 53 mins ago A week after the election, the race for governor remains tight in North Carolina. Music, program director for Billy Graham dies at 93 Updated: 10 mins ago CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Cliff Barrows, the long-time music and program director for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, has died after… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 58 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 58 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Consumer stocks fall as Whirlpool, GM skid By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 25 2016 03:36PM    •    Last Updated Oct 25 2016 03:36 pm FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as shares of well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case," he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite Tuesday's results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe's and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Meanwhile a report showed that consumer confidence fell in October as consumers got a bit more pessimistic about business conditions and their employment prospects. The Conference Board had said consumer confidence reached a 20-month high in September. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97, Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.10, or 7.4 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. The reports continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $19.15, or 12.1 percent, to $138.60. Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.20, or 2 percent, to $61.95. 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.84, or 1.8 percent, to $101.36. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close lower on mixed earnings results USA TODAY 10/25/2016 Adam Shell Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Apple to lead directionality CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT U.S. stocks fell Tuesday as investors digest an avalanche of corporate earnings that were mixed, with blue chip consumer-products maker Procter & Gamble faring well but others like heavy equipment maker Caterpillar disappointing Wall Street. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 54 points, or 0.3%, to close at 18,169. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index fell 0.4% to 2143 and the Nasdaq composite was 0.5% lower to 5283. Quotes in the article Procter & Gamble Co PG ▲ 83.62 +0.62 +0.75% Caterpillar Inc CAT ▲ 94.44 +0.27 +0.29% United Technologies Corp UTX ▼ 107.68 -0.18 -0.17% Merck KGaA MKGAF ▼ 100.10 -2.15 -2.10% Wall Street got a large slate of earnings reports from Dow components, including well-received reports from P&G (PG), which reported organic growth of 3%, as well as United Technologies (UTX), and drug maker Merck (MRK), which topped forecast with the help of strong sales of its cancer drug Keytruda. But the good news was offset by weaker-than-expected results from companies like 3M (MMM) and Caterpillar (CAT), which cut its earnings view for the remainder of 2016, citing sluggish sales of its heavy equipment. P&G shares rose 3.4%. Merck's stock rose 2%. And United Technologies shares jumped 1.9%. Caterpillar fell 1.8% and 3M fell 3%. Shares of Dow component and chemical giant DuPont (DD) fell 0.7% despite topping profit and sales forecast and boosting its full-year 2016 earnings outlook. 3M shares fell 3% and Caterpillar's stock was unchanged. Caterpillar's outgoing CEO Doug Oberhelman, who is retiring later this year, painted a gloomy picture of the global economy, noting that "economic weakness throughout much of the world persists," in a press release containing the company's earnings results. With the presidential election now two weeks away, investors are also bracing for the homestretch of the campaign and gearing up for any potential surprises. Stocks have held up nicely in recent sessions as the third-quarter earnings season has gotten off to a better-than-expected start. Earnings growth for the July-thru-September quarter is above 1% currently, which has raised hopes that the quarterly streak of contracting earnings growth will end at four. In economic news, consumer confidence fell more than expected in October, according to the Conference Board. But data on the U.S. housing market remained solid. The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U.S. home price index rose 0.2% in August and another index that tracks purchase prices saw an uptick of 0.7% in August, according to FHFA. iPhone maker Apple reported its quarterly profit results after today's closing bell. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Tech asks Trump to support encryption, privacy USA TODAY Punishing athletes for lewd texts easy part USA TODAY Police shut down Oklahoma City airport after shooting USA TODAY Seahawks drop leading rusher Michael USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Under Armour, Sherwin-Williams slump; Procter & Gamble jumps By Associated Press Published: 16:32 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 16:32 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Under Armour Inc., down $5.01 to $32.89 The athletic apparel maker posted solid results, but investors worried that its growth is slowing down. Sherwin-Williams Co., down $30.27 to $247.61 The paint and coatings maker cut its guidance after it reported a smaller-than-expected profit. Merck & Co., up $1.20 to $61.95 The drugmaker raised its forecasts after strong sales of vaccines and cancer medicines bolstered its quarterly profit. Procter & Gamble Co., up $2.87 to $86.97 The consumer products maker behind Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper reported better results than investors expected. United Technologies Corp., up $1.84 to $101.36 The elevator and jet engine maker raised its forecast after its results pleased investors. 3M Co., down $5.04 to $166.23 The maker of Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics cut its forecast for sales growth. Waters Corp., down $19.15 to $138.60 The maker of products used in drug development announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. Whirlpool Corp., down $18.37 to $152.09 The appliance maker's results came up far short of analyst estimates. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
News News Startups Personal Technology Social Networks Mobile Security Columnists Companies Companies Apple Cisco Facebook Google HP Intel Netflix Oracle Tesla Special Reports Silicon Valley 150 Salary Survey Venture Capital Funding SiliconBeat The Mercury News Today Subscribe Newsletter Silicon Valley Today Subscribe Newsletter News News Startups Personal Technology Social Networks Mobile Security Columnists Companies Companies Apple Cisco Facebook Google HP Intel Netflix Oracle Tesla Special Reports Silicon Valley 150 Salary Survey Venture Capital Funding SiliconBeat The Mercury News Stocks slip as earnings hit consumer companies Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Is Apple out of touch? How to kick Facebook addiction Founders, VCs don’t care about diversity LinkedIn’s salary-comparison tool Business Stocks slip as earnings hit consumer companies Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Mark Lennihan/File Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, as some companies issued disappointing earnings and forecasts. By Marley Jay, Associated Press October 25, 2016 at 10:57 am NEW YORK — U.S. stocks slipped Tuesday as corporate earnings dominated the news and consumer companies like athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool absorbed their largest losses in years. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble sent its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average shed 47 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,176 as of 12:45 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143. The Nasdaq composite fell 28 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,282. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won’t be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.09, or 13.4 percent, to $32.81. Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $27.88, or 10 percent, to $250. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.28, or 3.9 percent, to $87.38. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool’s results fell far short of analyst projections. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products sank $19.22, or 11.3 percent, to $151.24. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.40, or 4.6 percent, to $54.55. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $18.09, or 11.5 percent, to $139.66. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $15.03, or 6.5 percent, to $247.19. TAP THE BRAKES: General Motors had a strong quarter but investors sent its stock down $1.34, or 4.1 percent, to $31.64. U.S. auto sales have risen to record highs and recently they’ve showed some signs of slowing down, which has left investors worried about GM’s growth. MERCK MAKES MORE: Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose 95 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $61.70. 3M GETS STUCK: 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined 5.34, or 3.1 percent, to $165.94. GOING UP: Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $2.11, or 2.1 percent, to $101.63. THIS WON’T GET GOOD RATINGS: Media and marketing information company Nielsen reported shaky results and cut its guidance, which sent its stock down $7.88, or 14.3 percent, to $47.05. CONSUMER CONFIDENCE: American consumers felt less confident this month, according to the Conference Board. Consumer confidence was lower than expected. The measurement rose to a 20-month high in September. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 59 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $49.93 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.80 a barrel in London. However energy companies held steady thanks to big gains for Baker Hughes and to oil refiner Valero, which reported strong results and jumped $2.47, or 4.4 percent, to $58.63. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.75 percent from 1.77 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 104.20 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro fell to $1.0885 from $1.0879. OVERSEAS: In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France’s CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea’s Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent.   Tags:  Economy Marley Jay, Associated Press blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS More in News Child safety group releases annual list of unsafe toys November 15, 2016, 1:19 pm A plush elephant pillow that could suffocate a baby, a plastic hammer with the potential to cause head injuries, and a slingshot-like device that shoots balls of slime that could cause eye injuries were singled out Tuesday by a child safety group as among 10 dangerous toys for sale this holiday season. Google patent shows vision of self-driving cars flocking to pick up customers November 15, 2016, 4:38 pm Google on Tuesday received a patent that reveals the firm’s vision of a world where fleets of self-driving cars handle personal transportation and deliveries of goods. U.S. Retail Sales Jump 0.8 Pct. In Sign Of Consumer Health November 15, 2016, 8:08 am American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial holiday shopping season. After election rupture, CEOs seek unity for staff, customers November 15, 2016, 8:05 am CEOs of major companies are taking stands about the results of the election — a departure from the traditional model of not mixing politics with business that major brands have long espoused. Some are using it as an opportunity to bring their employees together following a divisive election campaign. Others are using it as an opportunity to stress their companies’... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World Stocks slip as earnings hit consumer companies US stocks are down as weak earnings hit consumer companies like Under Armour and Whirlpool Published on October 25, 2016 9:50AM Last changed on October 25, 2016 1:50PM The Associated Press FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) NEW YORK (AP)  U.S. stocks are slipping Tuesday as corporate earnings dominate the news and consumer companies like athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool absorb their largest losses in years. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble are sending its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average shed 47 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,176 as of 12:45 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143. The Nasdaq composite fell 28 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,282. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.09, or 13.4 percent, to $32.81. Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $27.88, or 10 percent, to $250. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.28, or 3.9 percent, to $87.38. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products sank $19.22, or 11.3 percent, to $151.24. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.40, or 4.6 percent, to $54.55. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $18.09, or 11.5 percent, to $139.66. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $15.03, or 6.5 percent, to $247.19. TAP THE BRAKES: General Motors had a strong quarter but investors sent its stock down $1.34, or 4.1 percent, to $31.64. U.S. auto sales have risen to record highs and recently they've showed some signs of slowing down, which has left investors worried about GM's growth. MERCK MAKES MORE: Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose 95 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $61.70. 3M GETS STUCK: 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined 5.34, or 3.1 percent, to $165.94. GOING UP: Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $2.11, or 2.1 percent, to $101.63. THIS WON'T GET GOOD RATINGS: Media and marketing information company Nielsen reported shaky results and cut its guidance, which sent its stock down $7.88, or 14.3 percent, to $47.05. CONSUMER CONFIDENCE: American consumers felt less confident this month, according to the Conference Board. Consumer confidence was lower than expected. The measurement rose to a 20-month high in September. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 59 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $49.93 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.80 a barrel in London. However energy companies held steady thanks to big gains for Baker Hughes and to oil refiner Valero, which reported strong results and jumped $2.47, or 4.4 percent, to $58.63. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.75 percent from 1.77 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 104.20 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro fell to $1.0885 from $1.0879. OVERSEAS: In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Pendleton hunter, outfitter pleads guilty to poaching mule deer ( 36521 ) 18-year-old Irrigon High School student joins city council ( 16615 ) Fingerprints confirm ID of body; sheriff’s office to contact relatives ( 10721 ) 2016 Election Results ( 10502 ) Transient jailed after trying to set fire to gas station ( 8430 ) Hermiston city council gives bus system the green light ( 6363 ) Hermiston city council gives bus system the green light ( 1242 ) Voters slap down mosquito control levy by narrow margin ( 155 ) UK prison officers walk off job to protest growing violence ( 55 ) Drunk drivers abound during weekend ( 40 ) The Latest: Transition coordination with Trump team on hold ( 26 ) AP Top International News at 11:29 a.m. EST ( 26 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2016 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 26 October 2016 | MYT 1:18 AM P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods This AFP file photo taken on July 15, 2008, shows P&G's corporate headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio. BENGALURU: Procter & Gamble Co (P&G), the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. P&G’s shares were up 4.6% at US$87.97 on Tuesday morning. The company has been selling off unprofitable brands and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to revive sluggish sales. P&G sold 41 of its brands, including Clairol and Wella, to Coty Inc in a US$12.5bil deal earlier this month. P&G is also planning to save as much as US$10bil in costs over the next five years, after cutting the same amount in costs over the last five years. The company plans to reinvest a significant portion of savings from the new plan in product and packaging improvement, research and development, and expanding sales coverage, P&G’s chief financial officer Jon Moeller said on a media call. Organic sales in P&G’s fabric and home care business - its largest - rose 4 percent in the first quarter, while those in baby, feminine and family care, the second largest, rose 2%. The two businesses, which house brands such as Tide, Febreze, Pampers and Tampex, together accounted for 60% of the company’s total revenue. P&G’s revenue was driven by “solid” volume growth of 3% in the quarter, in contrast to rivals such as Unilever, whose sales were mainly propped up by price hikes, Jefferies analyst Kevin Grundy wrote in a note. Net sales remained largely flat at US$16.52bil in the quarter ended Sept 30, but beat the average estimate of US$16.49bil, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Sales in the United Kingdom, P&G’s largest European market, fell 2% in the quarter, Moeller said. Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has caused a plunge in the pound, leading consumer goods makers such as Unilever to attempt to raise prices in the market. Moeller declined to discuss P&G’s pricing strategy, but said the UK continued to be a “very challenging and highly promotional” market. P&G said net income attributable to the company rose 4.3% to US$2.71bil, or 96 cents per share. Excluding items, P&G earned US$1.03 per share from continuing operations, beating the average analyst estimate of 98 cents. P&G’s quarterly sales have been mostly falling for more than three years, as the company has been cutting its brand portfolio. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Procter Gamble , Consumer Products Related Stories P&G officially appoints KTC Consolidated as distributor in Sarawak Kim Teck Cheong appointed as Procter & Gamble distributor Berkshire preliminary Q1 operating profit falls US-Asean Business Council takes lead to boost SMEs P&G to regroup products into four sectors You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Senior artists capture Sarawak‘s unique features MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected How to get the young to invest more and spend less advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Stocks end higher Tuesday Panera Bread to open in Selden State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers Quickest home sales in Hicksville Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher Pay hike for New York State lawmakers rejected Suffolk County Community College moving ahead with renewable energy center Panel: Mixed-uses are LI’s real estate future Inked: Recent LI real estate deals Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Advertiser Spotlights Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / Stocks slip Tuesday as earnings hit consumer companies Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo Stocks slip Tuesday as earnings hit consumer companies By: The Associated Press October 25, 2016 Comments Off on Stocks slip Tuesday as earnings hit consumer companies U.S. stocks are edging lower Tuesday as company earnings continue to stream in. Consumer companies are falling as athletic apparel maker Under Armour, appliance maker Whirlpool and automaker GM suffer hefty losses. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble are sending its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average shed 46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,177 as of 11:25 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,144. The Nasdaq composite fell 20 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,289. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported strong third-quarter results, but the company said it expects slower sales growth. Its stock tumbled $5.33, or 14.1 percent, to $32.57. Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $27.31, or 9.8 percent, to $250.57. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.90, or 4.6 percent, to $88. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool’s results fell far short of analyst projections. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products gave up $18.93, or 11.1 percent, to $151.53. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.42, or 4.6 percent, to $54.57. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $16.71, or 10.6 percent, to $141.04. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $12.88, or 5.5 percent, to $245.04. TAP THE BRAKES: General Motors had a strong quarter but investors sent its stock down $1.32, or 4 percent, to $31.66. U.S. auto sales have risen to record highs and recently they’ve showed some signs of slowing down, which has left investors worried about GM’s growth. MERCK MAKES MORE: Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose 88 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $61.63. 3M GETS STUCK: 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined 5.34, or 3.1 percent, to $165.94. GOING UP: Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $1.42, or 1.4 percent, to $100.94. THIS WON’T GET GOOD RATINGS: Media and marketing information company Nielsen reported shaky results and cut its guidance, which sent its stock down $7.87, or 14.3 percent, to $47.06. CONSUMER CONFIDENCE: American consumers felt less confident this month, according to the Conference Board. Consumer confidence was lower than expected. The measurement rose to a 20-month high in September. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 62 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $49.90 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 78 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $50.68 a barrel in London. However energy companies held steady thanks to big gains for Baker Hughes and to oil refiner Valero, which reported strong results and jumped $1.84, or 3.3 percent, to $58. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.74 percent from 1.77 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 104.52 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro fell to $1.0870 from $1.0879. ASIA’S DAY: In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.5 percent while France’s CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent. The DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea’s Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 12:44 pm Tue, October 25, 2016 The Associated Press Stocks end higher Tuesday November 15, 2016 Panera Bread to open in Selden November 15, 2016 State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen November 15, 2016 Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers November 15, 2016 Quickest home sales in Hicksville November 15, 2016 Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher November 15, 2016 Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Panera Bread to open in Selden by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers by Commentary | Nov. 15 Quickest home sales in Hicksville by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Suffolk County Community College moving ahead with renewable energy center by Claude Solnik | Nov. 15 Inked: Recent LI real estate deals by David Winzelberg | Nov. 15 Movers & Shakers Good Samaritan Hospital appoints one Stony Brook professor elected Gold Coast Bank adds two Westbury School District welcomes assistant super- intendent Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now Follow @LIBN on Twitter LI health insurance premiums are rising slower than the US average --> https://t.co/Itvdc84Y9d #Obamacare #healthcare #LongIsland 1 hour ago Panera Bread to open in Selden --> https://t.co/eKvIOUrkn3 #Panera #food #Selden https://t.co/3f4PJszhF0 4 hours ago Results showed that the chemical 1,4-Dioxane was found in nearly every water district on Long Island -->… https://t.co/QnZLfmYhmz 4 hours ago Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers --> https://t.co/UfkgCNGIXF… https://t.co/sZTNC0E5bF 5 hours ago Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,328 Followers 2,660 Fans Follow Us The Poll When did you realize Donald Trump was set to win the 2016 Election? I always knew he would win! When Trump won Florida at 11:40 p.m. When Trump won Pennsylvania at 1:46 a.m. Not until the final votes were tallied. I'm still in denial. View Results  Loading ... LIBN on Flickr My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Stocks end higher Tuesday Panera Bread to open in Selden State urged to impose drinking water standard for carcinogen Fuschillo: Urgent need for research dollars into assisting Alzheimer’s caregivers Quickest home sales in Hicksville Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2016 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Pay hike for New York State lawmakers rejected Lawmakers haven't seen a raise since 1999; still make third-highest legislative salary in U.S. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Mystery Solved: P&G Responsible for Competitors' Woes By Jack Neff - 4 minutes ago Array 0 Pro-Trump PAC's Spanish-Language Attack Ad Calls Hillary Clinton a Dog With Fleas By Simon Dumenco - 27 minutes ago Array 0 Designer Philippe Starck Is Helping China's Xiaomi Go More Upscale By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch Obama Read a Trump 'Mean Tweet' (and Respond) on Kimmel By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 Better Business Bureaus Add Standards for Native Advertising By Jack Neff - 2 hours ago Array 0 These Are the 50 Companies Creatives Would 'Kill to Work for Full Time' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 17 hours ago 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 Retail Websites Pile on the Ad Tech, but May Be Repeating Publishers' Mistakes By George Slefo - 5 hours ago 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 20 hours ago 0 IoT: Can You Rig an Election by Hacking a Voting Machine? By Shelly Palmer - 5 hours ago 0 What the AT&T and Time Warner Deal Could Mean for Advertising By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 19 hours ago 0 This Disturbing Clinton Campaign Video Is (Deliberately) Effective Even With the Sound Off By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 Three Chicago Ad Agency Staffers Die in Hit-and-Run Accident By E.J. Schultz - 18 hours ago 0 Why Today's New York Times Is a Total (Trumpy) Collector's Item By Simon Dumenco - 21 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Mystery Solved: P&G Responsible for Competitors' Woes By Jack Neff. Published on October 25, 2016. Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co. today solved the mystery behind a series of disappointing top-line results from household and personal-care marketers, posting an upside surprise with 3% organic sales growth for last quarter despite retail scanner data that pointed to much flatter growth. Jon Moeller Credit: Procter & Gamble Co. In calls with media and analysts, Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller pegged some of the divergence on P&G growing much faster and gaining share in e-commerce, which accounted for about a percentage point of sales growth in the U.S. and 5 points in China. E-commerce sales aren't tracked by easily available syndicated retail sales data. Mr. Moeller also noted that analyst scanner data still rightly includes such brands as CoverGirl and Clairol spun off to Coty Oct. 1, but which were discontinued operations not counted in P&G's financial results. And P&G gained from shipments to fill the pipeline for a new distributor in Hong Kong – but that only affected numbers by around 0.1 percentage point globally. In a sign that foreign-exchange pressure is abating, P&G's unadjusted sales were at least flat after several quarters of decline, and its reported net earnings grew 5% in absolute terms after an extended period of currency-fueled declines. P&G also continued to boost ad spending faster than sales, as it has in the past year, and continued to cut marketing costs, both by unspecified amounts. And the company continued to invest in sampling too, which got a fairly impassioned defense from Mr. Moeller. Related Stories Unilever Agrees to Buy Seventh Generation, Continuing CPG Shopping Spree P&G's Pritchard: Time to Cut the Crap -- and the Pressure on Agencies P&G Results Disappoint Wall Street He said P&G had cut spending on promotion in the past because it doesn't deliver immediate results. But he said sampling can win consumers long term in categories with high brand loyalty even though short-term results are actually depressed, because people are using their samples rather than buying the product immediately. Sampling, he said, "is the area of spending that should be the last that we cut, because of its importance in building users for potentially a lifetime of consumption." Overall, P&G's top-line beat wasn't that far off a consensus 2.4% prediction from analysts. But it followed top-line reports by rivals in the past week that have been weaker than expected, particularly in volume terms, from rivals that have been consistently beating P&G of late – including Unilever, RB (Reckitt Benckiser) and Kimberly-Clark Corp. The last yesterday reported flat organic sales growth, with Chairman-CEO Tom Falk citing in part aggressive pricing and promotion from P&G, particularly around deep discounts on adult incontinence products and strong execution of in-store promotions around the Summer Olympics. P&G's organic sales and volume both grew 3% last quarter. But that masked more aggressive pricing in developed markets, where sales grew at 2%, only half the 4% increase in volume. P&G's volume actually grew slower in historically faster-growing developing markets, where it was up 2% on 6% higher sales, driven by price hikes to compensate for currencies declining against the dollar. In question and answer, Bernstein Securities analyst Ali Dibadj raised the prospect of a price war, but Mr. Moeller said P&G's policy continues to be avoiding price promotion because it doesn't deliver sustainable long-term results. But he acknowledged that competitive response is among factors that could make P&G's top line growth bumpy through the remainder of the year. "We will take moves, where warranted, to ensure that we're offering a competitive value proposition to consumers," he said. "We've made several of those moves in the last quarter. What moves happen in the future will be largely dependent on where others take us." P&G's 3% fiscal first-quarter sales gain comes against an easy comparison to a 1% decline a year-ago, and P&G didn't adjust its full-year forecast of 2% growth. But the momentum in the U.S. has been particularly pronounced, from a 1% sales increase in P&G's fiscal first half last year and 2% in the second half up to 3% last quarter. Despite every P&G business sector seeing at least 2% organic sales growth – a rarity in recent years – Mr. Moeller said P&G is still growing below the market in such categories as hair and baby care and U.S. grooming. The company has plans to address that, he said, including a restage of Herbal Essences early next year. Mr. Moeller brushed aside the suggestion in another analyst question that P&G may need to make acquisitions akin to what rival Unilever has done in recent months with Dollar Shave Club and Seventh Generation. The Honest Co., selling environmentally friendly products largely direct to consumers, remains up for sale, according to published reports. Mr. Moeller noted P&G has increased its offerings of environmentally sustainable products in recent years, including Tide Coldwater and Tide PurClean. And he said only 0.3% of P&G's sales are direct to consumers for good reason: Consumers prefer buying packaged goods from big retailers for convenience. "How many people do you know," he said, "that want to satisfy their household shopping needs in a month or two by going to 40 different websites with 40 different passwords and 40 different packages that arrive at 40 different times?" In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Health Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse This Analyst Still Sees 27% Upside Potential In Under Armour Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 25, 2016 11:41am   Comments Share: Related UA Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Thursday Trade Under Armour: The Curry Story Isn't So Great Anymore (Seeking Alpha) Despite the fact that Under Armour Inc (NYSE: UA) tumbled more than 14 percent Tuesday, analysts at Buckingham remain optimistic on the company's prospects. BRG's Scott Krasik maintained a Buy rating and $48 price target on Under Armour's stock following the company's Q3 earnings report. Related Link: Why Under Armour Stock Is Tumbling Krasik went on to counter some of the negative data points hurting Under Armour's stock. Specifically, the analyst argued that concerns of elevated inventory are now irrelevant since inventory at the end of Q3 grew at just half the rate of sales. Krasik added that concerns of a notable slowdown in footwear sales growth are overblown since the company did grow its footwear sales at twice the rate of its apparel growth. Meanwhile, all of Under Armour's vital growth channels were strong in the third quarter, including international sales which rose 74 percent and footwear sales rising 42 percent. In addition, Under Armour's 18 percent rise in apparel sales is "solid" given the "tail-end of inventory dislocation at retail." With that said, the analyst suggested Under Armour's story is "cleaner than it has been in almost a year with the long-term growth opportunities intact." Looking forward, Krasik is expecting: 1) gross margins to improve sequentially, 2) international growth to remain elevated and become more profitable, 3) North American distribution will broaden in a productive manner, and 4) management will continue investing in long-term initiatives. Bottom line, the analyst continues to believe Under Armour remains "the best growth story in consumer and would begin or add to positions at current levels." Image: Keith Allison, Flickr Latest Ratings for UA Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Mizuho Downgrades Buy Neutral Oct 2016 Atlantic Equities Downgrades Overweight Neutral Oct 2016 Cowen & Co. Downgrades Outperform Market Perform View More Analyst Ratings for UA View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: BRG Scott Krasik The Buckingham Research Group under armourAnalyst Color Long Ideas Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (UA) Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Thursday Trade Has 3D Printing Gotten Ahead Of Itself? Industry Expert Says Yes, But That's OK Nike Lacks Margin Visibility, Suffers 'Difficult' Growth Comps Under Armour, Davita, Freeport-McMoRan And Biotech: Fast Money Pick For November 1 Nike Will Continue To Lose Market Share To Adidas And Under Armour View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on UA Trending Recent 1 CXRX, GALE: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 FDN, XLK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA After... 7 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing... 1 MBLY: Mobileye Gains 2.5% After Better-Than-Expected Q3 2 AAP, NDAQ: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Ec... 3 HD: Home Depot Reports Q3 Results, Shares Tick Higher 4 EUR/USD Little Higher, German Current Economic Sentiment Eases 5 XOM, OXY: Can You Guess This Chart? 6 EUR/USD Little Higher, Euro Area GDP Steady 7 EUR/USD Little Changed, Italy GDP Improves View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: Netsuite Inc. Distances Itself From Takeover Price From Oracle 3 Stages To The Nutanix Strategy Going Forward
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 64° Share Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 at 9:18am Updated: Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 at 10:27pm FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........TOKYO — Shares fell broadly in Asia on Wednesday after a gloomy session on Wall Street, where shares of household names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Weaker oil prices also cast a pall. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei 225 wavered into a modest gain by midday, adding 0.1 percent to 17,379.25, but most other regional benchmarks fell. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 0.7 percent to 23,403.44 and Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 dropped 1.5 percent to 5,359.40. South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.5 percent to 2,007.38 and India’s Sensex lost 0.7 percent to 27,895.12. Markets in Southeast Asia and Taiwan also fell. WALL STREET BLUES: Disappointing third-quarter earnings from big name companies raised worries over consumer spending, a critical driver of U.S. growth. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years, losing 10.9 percent, while Whirlpool plunged 10.8 percent. Athletic wear maker Under Armour’s shares sank 13.2 percent, its biggest drop in almost eight years. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.3 percent to 18,169.27, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index gave up 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq composite shed 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “U.S. equities turned lower overnight as the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index printed well below market expectations,” Illka Gobius of OANDA said in a commentary. “We could see further pressure on equity markets because oil prices plunged in late N.Y. trade” after the American Petroleum Institute reported a much larger than expected buildup in U.S. crude inventories. APPLE EARNINGS: After U.S. markets closed, Apple reported lower quarterly sales, another dispiriting factor given the many Asian manufacturers that are suppliers for the iPhone and other Apple products. “Apple’s numbers after-market look quite uninspiring and we are seeing shares down 2.5 percent in after-hours trade,” Chris Weston of IG said in a research note. OIL PRICES: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 65 cents to $49.31 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 58 cents to $50.21 a barrel. It fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.35 yen from 104.12 yen. The euro rose to $1.0890 from $1.0879. Advertisement Continue reading ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay ___ Follow Elaine Kurtenbach: www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach http://bigstory.ap.org/content/elaine-kurtenbach Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World E-Edition Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers 53° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today A few clouds. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low near 40F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 6:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Vacation Stop Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World E-Edition Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Stocks mostly lower as earnings hit consumer companies By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Oct 25, 2016 (…) Mark Lennihan FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010, file photo shows an historic marker on Wall Street in New York. Stocks opened slightly lower on Wall Street, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, as some companies issue disappointing earnings and forecasts. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are mostly lower Tuesday morning as company earnings continue to stream in. Consumer companies are falling as athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool suffer hefty losses. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble send its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 13 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,236 as of 10:15 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 1 point, or 0.1 percent, to 2,150. The Nasdaq composite fell 4 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,305. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported strong third-quarter results, but the company said it expects slower sales growth. Its stock tumbled $5.04, or 13.3 percent, to $32.87 Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $27.08, or 9.7 percent, to $250.80. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.63, or 4.3 percent, to $87.73. Procter & Gamble is a Dow component and pulled that index higher. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products gave up $16.63, or 9.8 percent, to $153.83. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $3.81, or 7.3 percent, to $55.96. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $14.22, or 9 percent, to $143.53. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $11.24, or 4.8 percent, to $243.40. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 10 cents to $50.42 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 16 cents to $51.30 a barrel in London. However energy companies traded higher thanks to Baker Hughes and to oil refiner Valero, which reported strong results and jumped $2.57, or 4.6 percent, to $58.73. BONDS: Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 104.74 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro fell to $1.0858 from $1.0879. ASIA'S DAY: In Britain the FTSE 100 jumped 1 percent while France's CAC 40 gained 0.1 percent. The DAX in Germany rose 0.3 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Tags Business General News Consumer Product Manufacturing Oil And Gas Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Financial Performance Corporate News Consumer Products And Services Energy Industry Industrial Products And Services Stock Markets Financial Markets Products And Services Commodity Markets Locations United States North America Popular This Week Lesbian couple gets 'Trump train' note Ask SAM: How does the Electoral College work? News & Observer blog: KKK announces North Carolina ‘victory’ parade GOP's Mark Johnson beats incumbent June Atkinson in race for state Superintendent State GOP leaders could neutralize Democrats' Supreme Court majority by adding justices Suspect accelerates, hits woman with vehicle; victim sustains life-threatening injuries Kalvin Michael Smith is a free man Report: Students shouted N-word on Wake Forest campus on election night; Police ID suspects Free meals and restaurant discounts for Veterans Day President-elect protest: Hundreds walk out at Wake Poll Should the president tweet? You voted: Yes No I'm not sure. Vote View Results Back Galleries Tanglewood's 25th Festival of Lights Opens with a Run Supermoon 2016 WSSU's Veterans Benefits Fair Wake Forest Basketball 94-74 Victory Over Bucknell Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Advertise Subscription Services Submission Forms Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  R7 TV Love School R7VC Vídeos Universal Notícias Bahia Brasil Carreiras Carros Cidades Distrito Federal Economia Educação Eleições 2016 Especial Invisíveis Hora 7 Internacional Minas Gerais Previsão do Tempo Prisma Rio de Janeiro São Paulo Saúde Tecnologia & Ciência Trânsito Triângulo Mineiro Duelos Fotos Murais Notícias Blogs Ricardo Kotscho André Forastieri Nirlando Beirão Heródoto Barbeiro Entretenimento Bate-papo Bichos Cartão de Visita Casa e Família Cinema Dance com Paixão Estrelando Especial Assolan Especial Batiste Especial Delícia Especial Omo Especial Visconti Famosos e TV Frases e Mensagens Humor Jogos Jovem Moda e Beleza Música Mulher Pop Prêmios Reality Show Receitas e Dietas Vagalume Viagens Duelos Fotos Murais Notícias Blogs Fabíola Reipert Luiz Pimentel Álvaro Leme Odair Braz Junior Blog da DB Keila Jimenez Esportes Automobilismo Copa do Mundo 2014 Copa das Confederações 2013 Esportes Olímpicos Futebol Lutas Mais Esportes Pan de Toronto Rio 2016 Duelos Fotos Murais Notícias Blogs Cosme Rímoli Lucas Pereira Silvio Lancellotti Record A Terra Prometida Amor e Intrigas Aprendiz Balanço Geral Batalha dos Cozinheiros Câmera Record Cidade Alerta Chamas da Vida Dance com Paixão Domingo Espetacular Domingo Show Escrava Mãe Especial Assolan Especial Batiste Especial Delícia Especial Omo Especial Visconti Esporte Fantástico Fala Brasil Hora do Faro Hoje em Dia Jornal da Record Legendários Power Couple Brasil Programação Programa da Sabrina Programa do Gugu Programa do Porchat Repórter em Ação Rio 2016 Roberto Justus + SP no Ar The Love School TV Digital Xuxa Meneghel Serviços E-mail R7 Concursos R7 Cursos R7 Educação Online R7 Livros R7 Móvel R7 Play R7 Pontos R7 Torpedo R7 Trilhas Sonoras Shopping Record Acessibilidade Facebook Twitter Seguir @portalr7 Espalhe Siga o R7 no Instagram Siga o R7 no Instagram Inscreva-se no canal do R7 no Youtube Receba notícias do R7 Envie seu vídeo Buscar ok   Lucro da P&G supera estimativas com cortes de custos e demanda por itens para casa Facebook Twitter Google + Página Inicial Alto Contraste -A +A SÃO PAULO (Reuters) - A Procter & Gamble, fabricante do detergente Tide e das fraldas Pampers, divulgou lucro trimestral melhor do que o esperado, ajudado por cortes de custos e forte demanda por seus produtos para bebês, femininos e cuidados para casa. As ações da P&G subiam mais de 4 por cento nesta terça-feira. A empresa tem vendido marcas não rentáveis ​​e focado nas marcas principais, como Tide, Pampers e Gillette, para reavivar vendas fracas. A P&G vendeu 41 das suas marcas, incluindo Clairol e Wella, para a Coty em um negócio 12,5 bilhões de dólares no início deste mês. A P&G também está reduzindo os custos através de um plano multianual para economizar até 10 bilhões de dólares. A companhia, com base em Cincinnati, no Estado norte-americano de Ohio, informou que o lucro líquido atribuível à empresa subiu para 2,71 bilhões de dólares, ou 0,96 dólar por ação, no primeiro trimestre encerrado em 30 de setembro, ante 2,6 bilhões de dólares, ou 0,91 dólar por ação, um ano antes. Excluindo itens, a P&G lucrou 1,03 dólar por ação nas operações continuadas, superando ligeiramente a estimativa média de analistas de 0,98 dólar, segundo a Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A receita líquida permaneceu praticamente estável em 16,52 bilhões de dólares, mas acima da estimativa média de 16,49 bilhões de dólares dos analistas. (Reportagem de Sruthi Ramakrishnan em Bangalore, Índia) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2012 Espalhe por aí: Links: Publicidade Compartilhe Entre e conheça! Conheça a mansão de R$ 42 milhões habitada apenas por funcionários Compartilhe Yopa, Orkut e TAM Fidelidade... Relembre produtos e marcas da sua infância que desapareceram do mercado Compartilhe É um barco ou uma mansão? Veja os iates de dar inveja nos playboys e entenda o que é ostentar de verdade Compartilhe Carreira Seu trampo é perigoso? Conheça as 27 profissões mais prejudiciais à saúde Fotos ▪ Mais fotos Famílias viajam para ver maior avião do mundo pousar em Campinas Últimas de Economia Últimas de Notícias 20h25 BOLSA EUA-Wall Street sobe com força de ações de tecnologia e energia 19h38 Snapchat entrou com pedido de abertura de capital, dizem fontes 18h52 Boeing anuncia corte de 500 postos de trabalho nos próximos 4 anos 18h52 Deutsche Bank reduz negócios nos EUA para cumprir regras mais rígidas na Europa ▪ Todas as notícias 22h30 A8SE Arquidiocese de Aracaju celebra encerramento do ano do Jubileu da Misericórdia 22h23 TNH1 Itália e Alemanha empatam em amistoso com auxílio de arbitragem por vídeo 22h14 A8SE Morre o arquiteto sergipano Melcíades de Souza, aos 59 anos 22h08 A8SE Consumidores sentem produtos mais baratos e crescem número de vendas ▪ Todas as notícias Twitter X Enviar por e-mail (todos os campos marcados com * são obrigatórios) Link para esta página Preencha os campos corretamente. Mensagem enviada com sucesso! *Seu nome *Seu e-mail *Nome do amigo *E-mail do amigo X Comunicar Erro Preencha os campos abaixo para informar o R7 sobre os erros encontrados nas nossas reportagens. Mensagem enviada com Sucesso! Erro ao enviar mensagem, tente novamente! *Seu nome: *Seu e-mail: *Comentários: digite aqui sua mensagem Para resolver dúvidas ou tratar de outros assuntos, entre em contato usando o Fale Com o R7 Notícias Bahia Brasil Carros Cidades Distrito Federal Downloads Economia Educação Eleições 2016 Hora 7 Internacional Minas Gerais Previsão do Tempo Prisma Rio de Janeiro São Paulo Saúde Tecnologia e Ciência Trânsito Triângulo Mineiro Entretenimento Bate-papo Bichos Casa e Família Cinema Dance com Paixão Estrelando Especial Assolan Especial Batiste Especial Delícia Especial Omo Especial Visconti Famosos e TV Frases e Mensagens Humor Jogos Jovem Moda e Beleza Mulher Música Pop Prêmios Receitas e Dietas Esportes Automobilismo Esportes Olímpicos Futebol Mais Esportes Rio 2016 Vídeos R7 TV Love School R7 On Demand Universal R7 VC Serviços E-mail R7 Concursos R7 Cursos R7 Educação Online R7 Livros R7 Móvel R7 Play R7 Pontos R7 Torpedo R7 Trilhas Sonoras Shopping Record Shopping Página Inicial Ofertas Lojas Categorias Cadastre-se Jornais A8 Sergipe Folha Vitória Jornal Correio do Povo TNH1 Rádios Rádio Guaíba Rádio Sociedade Grupo Record Banco Renner Record Entretenimento Record Mobile Rede Família Instituto Ressoar Record Internacional Record TV Network Universal.org TV Universal Rede Aleluia Rede Record Record News Anuncie no R7 Acessibilidade Comunicar erro Fale com o R7 Mapa do Site Termos e Condições de Uso Privacidade Faça do R7 a sua página inicial Todos os direitos reservados - 2009-2016 Rádio e Televisão
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Is Up Sharply After Q1 Earnings Topped Estimates 10/25/2016 9:51 AM ET Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) reported first quarter core earnings from continuing operations of $1.03 per share Tuesday morning, compared to $0.98 per share last year. Analysts expected EPS of $0.98. P&G affirmed its full year 2017 outlook for core earnings per share growth of mid-single digits. Procter & Gamble gapped open sharply higher Tuesday morning and is now up 3.55 at $87.65. The stock has been pulling back from the highs of the year for the past 2 weeks, but has jumped to a 1-week high in early trade. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Momentum Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Has Broken Out After Strong Q3 Report Amplify Snack Brands (BETR) Has Tumbled To An 8-Month Low After Q3 Report Sally Beauty Holdings (SBH) Is Pulling Back After Q4 Revenues Disappoint Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS) Is Down On Weak Q4 Outlook Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Is Losing Ground After Q1 Report Alarm.com Holdings Inc. (ALRM) Is Falling Despite Strong Q3 Report Tesaro Inc. (TSRO) Is Sinking After Stock Offering United Continental Holdings (UAL) Has Risen To A New High On Buffet Stake Advance Auto Parts (AAP) Is Surging On Stronger Than Expected Q3 Earnings Visteon Corp. (VC) Has Broken Out To A 5-Month High Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Has Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Report TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG) Is Losing Ground After Q4 Sales Disappoint Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings (CRBP) Is Surging On Phase 2 Study Results Amaya Inc. (AYA) Is Up Sharply After Former CEO Offers To Buy The Company Mentor Graphics Corp. (MENT) Has Jumped To A New High After Bought By Siemens <<Previous        49 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Procter & Gamble Files Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against Vi-Jon Procter & Gamble Q1 Results Beat View; Affirms FY17 Outlook Procter & Gamble Q1 17 Earnings Conference Call At 8:30 AM ET Procter & Gamble Co. Reports 4% Advance In Q1 Bottom Line Procter & Gamble Annual Meeting Of Shareholders At 9:00 AM ET Trade PG now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mi., 16. Nov 2016, 01:50 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 7 Stunden 10 Minuten Stocks close lower after mixed earnings results; consumer stocks fall 1%Von Fred Imbert | CNBC – Di., 25. Okt 2016 22:31 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken Firmen: Dow Jones Industrial Average The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. AKTUELLER KURS Symbol Kurs Veränderung ^DJI 18.923,06 +54,37 GS 211,19 +2,01 U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday as one of the busiest days of the earnings season got under way, while oil prices slipped. "Some of the earnings that have come out have been disappointing and you have oil [lower]," said Craig Sterling, head of U.S. equity research at Pioneer Investments. "The market is kind of aimless here today." The Dow Jones industrial average closed about 50 points lower, with 3M contributing the most losses to the tune of nearly 33 points, offsetting a gain of approximately 20 points from Procter & Gamble (PG). The S&P 500 dropped around 0.4 percent, with consumer discretionary falling 1.2 percent to lead decliners. The Nasdaq composite underperformed, falling about half a percent. Earlier, the three major indexes traded slightly higher. "I think oil prices combined with the dollar" are pressuring stocks, said Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital. "Our companies don't like that." The U.S. dollar (STOXX:.DXY) traded flat to lower against a basket of currencies, near 98.69, after breaking above 99 for the first time since February, according to FactSet. The euro (Exchange:EUR=) traded near $1.089, while the yen (Exchange:JPY=) traded around 104.2. "The US dollar certainly has had a nice bid over the past three weeks as its clear the Fed is trying to getting away with another hike by yr end but as it will come in the context of a 1.5% US growth story," Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, said in a note. "I argue that the FX discussion will shift from an interest rate differential one to where the growth is. Thus, I think the US dollar is just moving to the upper end of its multi year range rather than being on the cusp of a breakout," he said. More than 90 companies were scheduled to post quarterly results on Tuesday. Dow components 3M (MMM), Caterpillar (CAT) and DuPont (DD) reported earnings before the bell. Caterpillar and 3M posted mixed results, as both beat estimates on the bottom line, while missing on revenues. Caterpillar also lowered its 2016 earnings per share guidance. "On balance, earnings have been better, but we've also had an upward trend in energy prices; that's flattened out a bit," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "You need something to offset Under Armour being down." Under Armour (UA) shares fell more than 10 percent despite posting better-than-expected results. U.S. crude (New York Mercantile Exchange: @CL.1) for December delivery fell 56 cents, or 1.11 percent, to settle at $49.96 per barrel ahead of weekly inventory data and as verbal squabbles among between OPEC members created uncertainty about a potential output cut. "The picture is incredibly muddy and this is dragging the price of oil lower. Also if you look at the long term curve supply curve, Mexico and Brazil are both in vigorous war to attract interest from companies to drill in their deep water oil reserve," said Naeem Aslam, chief market strategist at Think Markets. Tech giant Apple (AAPL) is scheduled to report quarterly results Tuesday after the bell. "Earnings have been pretty good. I guess it's a question of waiting for the [Federal Reserve] as we face some technical resistance," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Fort Pitt Capital's Forrest said the biggest question mark surrounding earnings remains in the consumer discretionary sector. "I think those who are doing well are going to do better, and those not doing well will be doing worse," she said. Stocks have held in a very narrow range recently, as the S&P 500 has around 1 percent over the past three months. "The SPX is making headway toward its 50-day moving average, a breakout above which would likely be seen as a positive technical catalyst that is reflective of improved short-term momentum," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG, in a note. "There is room for upside follow-through per our overbought/oversold measures, which showed widespread oversold conditions last week among the constituents of the SPX," she said. S&P 500 3-month chartSource: FactSet The Fed is scheduled to hold its next monetary policy meeting next week, and it's largely expected to keep interest rates unchanged. Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart spoke on Tuesday, but did not comment on monetary policy as the central bank entered its self-imposed quiet period. "The more likely time for the Fed to move would be in December," said Ernie Cecilia, CIO at Bryn Mawr Trust. "As long as the data comes strong." In economic news, consumer confidence hit 98.6, with economists polled by Reuters expecting confidence to hit 101.5. Meanwhile, U.S. home prices rose slightly in August from July, with the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-City Composite index gaining 5.1 percent year over year. U.S. Treasurys were mixed, with the two-year note yield near 0.85 percent and the benchmark 10-year yield around 1.76 percent. Overseas, European stocks fell, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index (^STOXX) falling 0.35 percent. In Asia, stocks closed mixed, with the Nikkei 225 gaining 0.76 percent and the Korean Kospi falling 0.52 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average (Dow Jones Global Indexes: .DJI) fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to close at 18,169.27, with Home Depot leading decliners and Procter & Gamble the top advancer. The S&P 500 (^GSPC) slipped 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to end at 2,143.16, with consumer discretionary leading nine sectors lower and utilities and consumer staples the only advancers. The Nasdaq (^IXIC) dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.4. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 530 million and a composite volume of 2.757 billion in afternoon trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) (^VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded higher, near 13.5, snapping a five-day losing streak. Gold futures for December delivery (CEC:Commodities Exchange Centre: @GC.1) rose $9.90 to settle at $1,273.60 per ounce. On tap this week: Tuesday Earnings: ATB: Apple, AT&T, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Capital One, Discover Financial, Express Scripts, Juniper Networks, Vertex Pharma, iRobot, Pandora Media, Panera Bread, Owens-Illinois Wednesday Earnings: BTB: Biogen, Boeing, Coca-Cola, Comcast, GlaxoSmithKline, Mondelez International, Nintendo, Simon Property Group, Boston Scientific, Canon, General Dynamics, Hess, Nasdaq OMX, Norfolk Southern, Northrop Grumman, Southwest Air, State Street, Syndham Worldwide, Alliance Bernstein, Garmin, Generac, GrubHub, Owens Corning, Six Flags ATB: Samsung Electronics, Tesla Motors, Texas Instruments, F5 Networks, Arch Capital, Murphy Oil, Newmont Mining, NXP Semiconductor, Public Storage, Suncor, VMWare, Western Digital, Whiting Petroleum, Buffalo Wild Wings, Cheesecake Factory, Extra Space Storage, Groupon, Rent-a-Center, Shutterfly, Raymond James 8:30 a.m.: U.S. trade deficit 9:45 a.m.: Markit services PMI 10 a.m.: New home sales 1 p.m.: $34 billion five-year Treasury note auction Thursday Earnings: BTB: Barclays, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Colgate-Palmolive, ConocoPhillips, Deutsche Bank, Dow Chemical, Ford, UPS, Volkswagen, Aetna, Alexion Pharma, Autoliv, Blackstone, Borg Warner, CBRE Group, CME Group, Dr. Pepper Snapple, Gannett, International Paper, Invesco, L-3 Communications, Marathon Petroleum, National Oilwell Varco, Nokia, Nomura Holdings, Potash, Praxair, Raytheon, Sirius XM Radio, Stanley Black & Decker, T. Rowe Price, Thermo Fisher, Brunswick, Cabela's, Cliffs Natural Resources, GNC Holdings, Lazard, Old Dominion Freight Line, Pinnacle Foods, Sealed Air ATB: Alphabet, Amazon.com, Baidu, Amgen, Deckers Outdoor, Aflac, Digital Realty Trust, Cirrus Logic, Columbia Sportswear, Cypress Semiconductor, Eldorado Gold, Flex, Fortinet, Federated Investors, VeriSign, Yamana Gold 8:30 a.m.: Jobless claims 8:30 a.m.: Durable goods 10 a.m.: Pending home sales 10 a.m.: Housing vacancies 11 a.m.: Kansas City Fed Survey 1 p.m.: $28 billion seven-year Treasury note auction Friday Earnings: Chevron, Exxon Mobil, A-B InBev, MasterCard, AbbVie, UBS, Ambev, BNP Paribas, Sanofi, AutoNation, Cabot Oil & Gas, Hershey, Phillips 66, Shire, Weyerhaeuser, Xerox, Apollo Global Management, Bloomin' Brands, CBOE Holdings, Legg Mason, Oaktree Capital, Tenneco 8:30 a.m.: Q3 GDP, advance 8:30 a.m.: Employment cost index 10 a.m.: Consumer sentiment *All times Eastern. Planner subject to change. More From CNBC Top News and Analysis Latest News Video Personal Finance TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Die Stunde Null: Wie Präsident Trump die Spielregeln der Wirtschaftswelt verändertYahoo Finanzen Lufthansa und ihre Piloten kommen nicht zusammendpa Anzeige  China will Stahlproduktion verringerndpa Banker: Frankfurt sollte vom Brexit profitierendpa Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt Personal finance WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Anzeige  Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Procter & Gamble's 1Q performance tops Street's view By Associated Press Published: 14:01 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 14:01 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail CINCINNATI (AP) — Procter & Gamble Co.'s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street's expectations as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment. Shares of the maker of Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper gained more than 4 percent in afternoon trading Tuesday. P&G has been working on transforming its business to better focus on bigger brands with growth potential. The company has already shed some of the smaller brands it says collectively contribute little to its operating profit. FILE - This July 9, 2015, file photo, shows signage outside Procter & Gamble corporate headquarters in downtown Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co.'s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street's view as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment, the company announced Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File) Chairman, President and CEO David Taylor said in a written statement Tuesday that the company is "now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions." P&G, the world's largest consumer products maker, earned $2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share, for the period ended Sept. 30. A year ago the Cincinnati-based company earned $2.6 billion, or 91 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted to account for discontinued operations and restructuring costs, were $1.03 per share. That topped the 98 cents per share that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research expected. Revenue was basically flat at $16.52 billion. Analysts polled by Zacks expected revenue of $16.45 billion. Sales for the health care unit climbed 4 percent, while sales for the fabric and home care division edged up 1 percent. For fiscal 2017, P&G still expects adjusted earnings per share growth of mid-single digits compared with fiscal 2016's earnings of $3.67 per share. Analysts polled by FactSet predict earnings of $3.88 per share. Its shares rose $3.48, or 4.1 percent, to $87.58 in afternoon trading Tuesday. Its shares are up 13 percent over the past year. ____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PG at http://www.zacks.com/ap/PG _____ Keywords: Procter & Gamble, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Procter & Gamble Q1 Results Beat View; Affirms FY17 Outlook 10/25/2016 7:31 AM ET Consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) on Tuesday reported a 4 percent increase in profit for the first quarter from last year on a slight decline in sales. However, both revenue and core earnings per share for the quarter beat analysts' estimates. In addition, the Cincinnati, Ohio-based maker of Tide detergent, Crest toothpaste and Gillette shaving razors affirmed its financial outlook for fiscal 2017. For the first quarter, net earnings attributable to P&G rose to $2.71 billion or $0.96 per share from $2.60 billion or $0.91 per share in the prior-year period. Core earnings from continuing operations were $1.03 per share, compared to $0.98 per share last year. On a currency-neutral basis, core earnings per share increased 12 percent. On average, analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the company to earn $0.98 per share for the quarter. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items. Net sales for the quarter were $16.52 billion, down slightly from $16.53 billion in the year-ago quarter. Analysts had a consensus revenue estimate of $16.49 billion. Sales for the quarter include a negative three percentage impact from foreign exchange. Organic sales increased 3 percent, driven by a three percent increase in organic shipment volume, and increased in all five business segments. All-in volume increased two percent. Gross margin expanded 30 basis points to 51.0 percent, while operating margin was flat with last year at 22.8 percent. Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, P&G affirmed its outlook for core earnings per share growth of mid-single digits versus fiscal 2016 core earnings per share of $3.67 and also maintained its projection for organic sales growth of about 2 percent. P&G expects the combined headwinds of foreign exchange and minor brand divestitures to reduce sales growth for the year by about one percentage point. As a result, the company continues to estimate all-in sales growth of about one percent for fiscal 2017. Analysts expect the company to report earnings of $3.88 per share for the year on revenues of $66.01 billion. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties <<Previous        57 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Procter & Gamble Files Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against Vi-Jon Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Is Up Sharply After Q1 Earnings Topped Estimates Procter & Gamble Q1 17 Earnings Conference Call At 8:30 AM ET Procter & Gamble Co. Reports 4% Advance In Q1 Bottom Line Procter & Gamble Annual Meeting Of Shareholders At 9:00 AM ET Trade PG now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods Procter & Gamble Co , the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. Posted 25 Oct 2016 19:15 Updated 25 Oct 2016 19:45 Procter & Gamble's Tide is seen in a store in Manhattan, New York, U.S., August 1, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Procter & Gamble Co , the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. P&G's shares were up 2.2 percent at US$86.00 in premarket trading on Tuesday. The company has been selling off unprofitable brands and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to revive sluggish sales. P&G sold 41 of its brands, including Clairol and Wella, to Coty Inc in a US$12.5 billion deal earlier this month. P&G is also reducing costs through a multi-year plan to save up to US$10 billion. Cincinnati, Ohio-based P&G said net income attributable to the company rose to US$2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share, in the first quarter ended Sept. 30, from US$2.60 billion, or 91 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding items, P&G earned US$1.03 per share from continuing operations, slightly beating the average analyst estimate of 98 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Net sales remained largely flat at US$16.52 billion, but beat analysts' average estimate of US$16.49 billion. P&G's quarterly sales have been mostly falling for more than three years, as the company has been cutting its brand portfolio. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Mittwoch, 16. November | 01:50 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: AGENTURMELDUNGEN 13:44 | 25.10.2016 Procter & Gamble steigert Gewinn und schließt Wella-Verkauf ab CINCINNATI (dpa-AFX) – Der US-Konsumgüterriese Procter & Gamble ist mit mehr Gewinn in das neue Geschäftsjahr gestartet. Kostensenkungen und die Fokussierung auf ertragreiche Marken halfen dem Gewinn unter dem Strich um 4 Prozent auf 2,7 Milliarden US-Dollar nach oben, wie der Hersteller von Pampers, Gillette oder Ariel am Dienstag in Cincinnati mitteilte. Dies war mehr als Analysten erwartet hatte. Der weltweit größte Konsumgüterkonzern hatte große Teile seines Kosmetikgeschäfts, wozu auch der Haarpflegespezialist Wella gehörte, an den Parfümkonzern Coty verkauft. Die letzte Etappe dieser im Vorjahr angekündigten Transaktion sei nun erfolgt, hieß es. Den Erlös aus dem Geschäft will der Konzern im zweiten Quartal verbuchen. Der Umsatz belief sich in dem die Monate Juli bis September umfassenden ersten Quartal wie im Vorjahr auf 16,5 Milliarden Dollar, wobei vor allem Wechselkurseffekte bremsten. Ohne den Einfluss von Währungen und ohne Zu- und Verkäufe legten die Erlöse um 3 Prozent zu. Im Gesamtjahr 2016/2017 will der Konzern aus eigener Kraft um rund 2 Prozent wachsen. Auch der Gewinn soll dank des Coty-Geschäfts kräftig steigen./she/stb Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 23:44 Uhr | 15.11.2016 Morphosys nimmt mit ... 23:34 Uhr | 15.11.2016 GNW Ad Hoc: Ad hoc: MorphoSys ... 23:34 Uhr | 15.11.2016 GNW Ad Hoc: Ad hoc: MorphoSys ... 22:55 Uhr | 15.11.2016 Kreise: Snapchat startet Prozess ... 22:46 Uhr | 15.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Procter & Gamble Backs Forecast as Q1 Earnings Top Estimates October 25, 2016 7:48am NYSE:PG ShareTweet Consumer products giant Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) posted market-beating fiscal Q1 earnings results and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The Cincinnati-based company reported fiscal Q1 EPS of $1.03, beating analyst expectations of $0.98. Revenue fell 0.1% from last year to $16.52 billion, but still topped Wall Street’s view of $16.48 billion. P&G also noted that organic sales increased in all five business segments, on low-to-mid single digit organic volume growth in all segments. Healthcare products, which include power toothbrushes and cold medicine, led the way with a 7% sales rise. Looking ahead, Procter & Gamble reaffirmed its prior full-year earnings guidance of $3.82 to $3.89 per share for the year (analysts are looking for $3.88). It also expects full-year fiscal 2017 revenues to rise 1% to approximately $65.95 billion, while analysts expect $66 billion in sales for the year. Organic sales are expected to gain 2%, and foreign exchange effects are expected to negatively impact sales growth by one percentage point. The company commented via press release: “Our first quarter results mark a good start to the fiscal year,” said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David Taylor. “We delivered broad-based organic sales growth improvement across product categories and markets, as well as strong cost savings. Earlier this month, we completed the last major step in P&G’s portfolio transformation with the Beauty Brands divestiture to Coty Inc. We are now focusing all our efforts on 10 large, structurally attractive categories where P&G holds leading positions. We’re pleased with the progress we’re making, but there is still more work to do to get back to the levels of balanced top- and bottom-line growth and cash generation that will consistently put P&G shareholder value creation among the best in our industry.” P&G shares rose $2.05 (+2.44%) to $86.15 in premarket trading Tuesday. Prior to today’s report, PG had gained 5.91%, putting it roughly in-line with the S&P 500’s return during the same period. Tags: consumer Equity NYSE:PG Procter & Gamble Categories: NYSE:PG Read Next PepsiCo Boosts Forecast as Q3 Earnings Beat Estimates; Shares Rise Hormel Foods Ups Forecast as Q3 Earnings Edge Out Estimates NVIDIA Sees Growth in all Four Segments as Q2 Earnings, Q3 Forecast Beat Estimates Brinker Int’l Reiterates 2017 Forecast, Increases Buybacks as Q4 Earnings Beat Estimates Clorox Shares Rise as Adjusted Q4 Earnings Beat Estimates; 2017 Forecast In-Line Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Biggest Post-Trump Winner So Far? DryShips Is Up 1600% Analyst: After Trump Rally Ends, Stocks Will Plunge Over 10% Why Is Oil Bouncing By 3% Today? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe P&G Shows Signs of Reviving Sales Growth With Slimdown Over Lauren Coleman-Lochner LaurenLochner October 25, 2016 — 7:07 AM EDT Updated on October 25, 2016 — 2:09 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Organic sales increased in all five major product divisions Company’s shares rise the most in a year in New York trading Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Procter & Gamble Co., which has spent years paring down its sprawling consumer-products empire, is finally returning to growth mode. Organic sales  -- a measure that excludes the effects of currency exchange-rate fluctuations as well as acquisitions and divestitures -- rose in all five of P&G’s product divisions units last quarter, leading to a 3 percent gain companywide. And while total revenue still fell, it was the smallest decrease since 2014. David Taylor Source: Proctor & Gamble Co. The results signal that P&G’s strategy of divesting nonessential brands to focus on its main household and personal-care businesses is starting to pay off. The company completed the sale of more than 40 beauty brands to Coty Inc. this month, a move that Chief Executive Officer David Taylor called “the last major step” in P&G’s transformation of its portfolio.  “Now that that endeavor has wrapped, you’ll see their innovation efforts more focused, with the intent of being more responsive on a timely basis,” said Erin Lash, an analyst at Morningstar Inc. Tuesday’s results show the efforts are gaining traction. Profit was $1.03 a share, excluding some items, in P&G’s fiscal first quarter, which ended Sept. 30. Analysts estimated 98 cents, on average. Revenue slipped less than 0.1 percent to $16.5 billion, Cincinnati-based P&G said in a statement. That roughly matched analysts’ projections. The stock rose as much as 4.7 percent to $88.08 in New York, the biggest intraday increase in a year. P&G already had gained 5.9 percent this year through Monday. Organic sales advanced 3 percent in the grooming business, which includes Gillette shaving products. Sales by that measure climbed 3 percent in the beauty unit, which sells Pantene shampoo and Olay skincare products. The health care division, the maker of Crest toothpaste and Prilosec heartburn medicine, had the biggest organic sales increase at 7 percent. The fabric and home care unit posted a 4 percent organic sales gain, while the baby, feminine and family care business had a 2 percent advance. Volume Gains The companywide organic sales increase of 3 percent topped analysts’ consensus expectation of a 2 percent gain, Mark Astrachan, an analyst at Stifel Financial Corp., said in a note. Sales volumes rose 3 percent, marking the strongest performance since the third quarter of 2014, he said. He recommends buying the shares. P&G maintained its forecasts that organic sales would grow about 2 percent and adjusted earnings would increase at a mid-single-digit percentage rate in its current fiscal year. The company’s shrinking goes beyond divestments. Taylor has embarked on another $10 billion cost-cutting program -- the company’s second in five years -- and says he’ll invest some of the savings in research, development and marketing. Some of its efforts already paying off, Lash said. P&G’s single-load laundry detergents have been a success, as have the expanded sizes of its Pampers Swaddlers brand, which helped it overtake Kimberly-Clark Corp. -- the maker of Huggies -- in U.S. diaper market share. On Monday, Kimberly-Clark reported earnings that trailed analysts’ estimates and cut its annual sales forecast, with CEO Thomas Falk citing “a more challenging economic and competitive environment.” All big consumer-products companies are in a tough spot, with new competitors, stagnant demand in developed markets and slowing growth in developing ones, Lash said. “That is ultimately another reason why continuing to invest behind that product innovation is so crucial,” she said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Procter & Gamble Co/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News P&G tops Street 1Q forecasts P&G tops Street 1Q forecasts Oct 25, 2016 The Associated Press   0 CINCINNATI – CINCINNATI (AP) _ Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) on Tuesday reported fiscal first-quarter earnings of $2.71 billion. On a per-share basis, the Cincinnati-based company said it had profit of 96 cents. Earnings, adjusted to account for discontinued operations and restructuring costs, were $1.03 per share. The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 98 cents per share. The world’s largest consumer products maker posted revenue of $16.52 billion in the period, also topping Street forecasts. Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $16.45 billion. P&G shares have climbed nearly 6 per cent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has risen slightly more than 5 per cent. The stock has climbed 12 per cent in the last 12 months. _____ This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on PG at http://www.zacks.com/ap/PG _____ Keywords: Procter & Gamble, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 9:13 AM ETReuters SHARES Mario Anzuoni | Reuters Procter & Gamble, the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by cost-cutting and strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. P&G's shares were up 3.4 percent at $87.00 in premarket trading on Tuesday. The company has been selling off unprofitable brands and focusing on core brands such as Tide, Pampers and Gillette to revive sluggish sales. P&G sold 41 of its brands, including Clairol and Wella, to Coty in a $12.5 billion deal earlier this month. P&G is also reducing costs through a plan to save as much as $10 billion over the next five years, after reducing the same amount in costs over the last five years. The company plans to reinvest a significant portion of those savings in product and packaging improvement, research and development, and expanding sales coverage, P&G's Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller said on a media call. Net sales remained largely flat at $16.52 billion in the first quarter ended Sept. 30, but beat the average estimate of $16.49 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Sales in the United Kingdom, P&G's largest European market, fell 2 percent in the quarter, Moeller said. Britain's vote to leave the European Union has caused a plunge in the pound, leading consumer goods makers such as P&G's rival Unilever to attempt to raise prices in the market. Moeller declined to discuss P&G's pricing strategy, but said the U.K. continued to be a "very challenging and highly promotional" market. P&G said net income attributable to the company rose to $2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share, in the quarter, from $2.60 billion, or 91 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding items, P&G earned $1.03 per share from continuing operations, beating the average analyst estimate of 98 cents. P&G's quarterly sales have been mostly falling for more than three years, as the company has been cutting its brand portfolio. show chapters <p>P&amp;G CFO: Managing &#039;considerable&#039; improvement</p> <p>Jon Moeller, Procter &amp; Gamble CFO, breaks down the company&#039;s quarterly results which beat on the top and bottom line, and provides his outlook on the future as P&amp;G continues innovating new products.</p> P&G CFO: Managing 'considerable' improvement    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 7:07 AM ET | 03:39 Procter & Gamble's chief financial officer, Jon Moeller, said Tuesday that although the company may be facing headwinds like slowing market growth, its first-quarter earnings report held up regardless. The CFO said that continuous reductions in costs helped Procter & Gamble's above-average organic sales growth in the first quarter. "We grew organic sales 3 percent, on volume growth of 3 percent. We grew in every segment, in 10 out of our 10 categories, in every region, and in 9 of our 10 top markets," Moeller told CNBC's "Squawk Box." Moeller, who is also a member of CNBC's Global CFO Council, said slow market growth can and will be fought through both innovation and active management. As the industry leader in innovation, Procter & Gamble will continue to drive innovation to promote market growth, he said. Moeller also lauded his team's efforts in what he called "the most significant transformation of this company's portfolio in our history," saying he and his colleagues will remain very involved in its management. "We will look to grow both organically and inorganically when the right opportunities present themselves," Moeller said. — CNBC's Elizabeth Gurdus contributed to this report. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad P&G's first-quarter sales beat estimates By Reuters Published: 07:10 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 07:11 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail Oct 25 (Reuters) - Procter & Gamble Co, the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers, on Tuesday reported better-than-expected quarterly sales, helped by strong demand for its baby, feminine and home care products. Cincinnati, Ohio-based P&G said net income attributable to the company rose to $2.71 billion, or 96 cents per share, in the first quarter ended Sept. 30, from $2.60 billion, or 91 cents per share, a year earlier. Net sales remained largely flat at $16.52 billion, but beat the average analyst estimate of $16.49 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Back to BERNAMA.com  | 16 November 2016 Pahlawan Planet Campaign Yields Results By Suriani Razali KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 25 (Bernama) -- Pahlawan Planet, an innovative home-to-school recycling and advocacy campaign initiated by Treat Every Environment Special (TrEES) and Procter & Gamble Malaysia (P&G), has yielded results. The campaign yielded a combined weight of 134,400 kg of recyclables across Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Putrajaya and Negeri Sembilan, a joint statement said. Thirty-five selected secondary schools out of the initial 53 schools, exceeded the campaign target by reaching out to 22,947 households within two months. The Pahlawan Planet campaign was an integral part of TrEES Young Voices for Conservation 2016, which was approved by the Ministry of Education as a national level co-curriculum programme for secondary schools and supported by the Ministry of Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government. The campaign was designed for secondary school students to educate, cultivate and reinforce a culture of caring for the environment by embracing the 4Rs (Rethink, Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) at home and in school. SAVINGS OF WATER, ENERGY AND OIL The total recyclables collected through the campaign was equivalent to saving 3.24 million litres of water, 569,951 kWH of energy and 205,877 litres of oil. The paper collection of 122,300 kg also saved 2,078 trees that can absorb 13,893 kg of carbon dioxide and produce enough oxygen for 6,235 people each year. "Students who participated have gained skills beyond the classroom and the campaign can be implemented independently by the schools in the future to continue this sustainable lifestyle," said P&G Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei Communications and Government Relations Leader Nadiah Syed Nahar. TrEES Director Leela Panikkar said the 630 student team members from 35 schools motivated 22,947 households to begin reducing and recycling their wastes. "The quality of their work throughout the programme has been outstanding," she added. SMK Agama Putrajaya, which was named the Pahlawan Planet champion walked away with a cash prize of RM3,700. The judges were impressed with the student project team's effort to motivate their community members to recycle and practice the 4Rs as well as their overall commitment to the campaign. TEAMWORK AND POSITIVE ATTITUDE Its principal Othman Hashim attributed its success to teamwork, sound strategies, high proficiencies and positive attitude. "The campaign brought together all the stakeholders including the administrators, teachers, support staff, students and parents." "The students' attitude towards things that are thrown away has also changed; they no longer see waste as something disgusting but as materials that must be recycled, reused, and can even provide opportunities for sources of income. The SMK Agama Putrajaya community is determined to make our success as Pahlawan Planet Champions as the first step towards making our school a 'green school' in the near future," he added. SMK Dengkil took the second spot with RM3,300 while SMK Taman Jasmin 2 was placed third with RM3,000. In addition, three special merit prizes worth RM1,500 each were awarded to SMK King George V, SMK Taman Desa 2 and SMK Cheras Jaya. The total amount paid to the 35 selected schools for the recyclables collected was RM37,497.30. Monies received by the schools will be used to improve their greening efforts and activities within each school. -- BERNAMA Tweet   Tweets by @lifestyle_youth © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 3.0 & Internet Explorer 7.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution.
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Private Jets, Children's First Editions and Rose-Gold Tweezers, Oh My! The Neiman Marcus Christmas Book Is Here By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 43 minutes ago Array 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 53 minutes ago Array 0 JBL Wants to Make Music Underwater the Next Big Thing By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 1 hour ago 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 53 minutes ago 0 In-Car Advertising: GM, IBM Pair Watson and OnStar to Deliver Brand Messages By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago 0 Hillary Clinton Is a Real 'Most Interesting Man,' According to James Franco By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 These Are the 50 Companies Creatives Would 'Kill to Work for Full Time' By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Three Chicago Ad Agency Staffers Die in Hit-and-Run Accident By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 What the AT&T and Time Warner Deal Could Mean for Advertising By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff. Published on October 26, 2016. Most Popular The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Credit: Rawpixel Ltd/iStock Marketers are a hardworking bunch, averaging 45.9 hours a week on the job, compared with only 45.1 for their non-marketing counterparts. More than half -- 54% -- take less than 30 minutes a day for lunch, with 30% taking only 15 minutes or less. These data come from project management software company Workfront based on an online survey conducted this summer by Regina Corso Consulting among 606 U.S. adults ages 18 and older employed full or part time at companies with 500 or more employees. The report states that "demands on marketers have only increased in the last year. While the vast majority of marketers express an optimistic view of their work life, troubling trends in the number of hours spent at work and the prevalence of inter-team conflict have arisen." Indeed, 98% of respondents reported experiencing conflict with other teams. Not surprisingly, 29% say blocks of uninterrupted time would help them be more productive. All the more reason to just skip that lunch completely. Here's a well-earned customer reward: In just the latest evidence almost anything can happen at Walmart, shopper Cecilia Rivas made national headlines earlier this month when she gave birth in the checkout line at a Payson, Utah, store. She insisted on paying for her merchandise before the blessed event. Less widely noted, the store invited her back a little over a week later for a surprise baby shower, with gifts that included a stroller, a Graco Pack 'n Play pen, and plenty of diapers and wipes. A Walmart employee who interpreted for Ms. Rivas with Salt Lake City's Fox 13 described her as "surprised but happy." Last month MillerCoors told distributors it would launch a low-cal beer called Goldwing in an apparent attempt to take on hot-selling Michelob Ultra. But Goldwing's wings are being clipped before it even has a chance to fly onto shelves in planned test markets in Texas and Louisiana. In a note to distributors this week, MillerCoors said it was putting the test on hold. "We heard a range of feedback on Goldwing. But one point that came through loud and clear is that what we're doing with Coors Light and Miller Lite is working, so now is not the time to shift focus," stated Chief Marketing Officer David Kroll. "So while Goldwing tested very well with drinkers, we're going to hold off and redirect that planned investment behind Coors Light and Miller Lite." Beer Business Daily gave the move a positive review. "It's a Herculean effort in self-restraint, and I think it will serve them well in the long-term," stated editor Harry Schuhmacher. From beer to water: Pur has launched an online and integrated marketing campaign from Arnold Worldwide showing a "Water Bar" featuring tap water from locales nationwide served up to customers. As each is informed about the contaminants -- all at perfectly legal limits -- in the water, such as mercury, chloroform, and lead, they get turned off and leave. The message from the Helen of Troy brand is that "water that meets safe drinking standards may not meet yours." The idea is to steer people to KnowYourWater.com to find out what lurks in their local supply, and get across the point that Pur removes lead and 70 other contaminants. You want content? Here's some content. Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has declared something of a war on "crap content" in recent speeches. And that's something this "cleaning dance" video from Pittsburgh Steelers star Antonio Brown for P&G and Rite Aid -- linked to a contest giving away a free trip to Super Bowl LI to a lucky shopper -- clearly is not. The 30-second video can be found on Mr. Brown's Facebook page as well as YouTube. "Dancing while cleaning has long been a universal human behavior," said P&G Brand Manager Eric Rose in a statement. "So we thought it would be fun to reward our most creative shoppers that tackle cleaning in style." The agency behind the effort is Integer, with plans for local TV promotion. Taco Bell's 'Taco Heros' Credit: Taco Bell As Chicago Cubs fans try to forget Tuesday night's 0-6 loss to the Cleveland Indians, Taco Bell gave fans half a reason to celebrate. The Yum Brands chain will give away Doritos Locos tacos after Francisco Lindor of the Indians stole second base during in game one of the World Series. Mr. Lindor is the fifth player to steal a base during the chain's "Steal a Base, Steal a Taco" promotion, which first ran in 2007. He joins Jacoby Ellsbury, Jason Bartlett, Ángel Pagán and Lorenzo Cain in being applauded by the chain as a "Taco Hero." The free tacos, one per person, will be available at participating restaurants from 2-6 p.m. local time on Nov. 2. The offer was mentioned on air during the game on Fox and was promoted by both Taco Bell and Major League Baseball on social media. Blue Bunny is a hit with Cleveland fans. Credit: Courtesy of Blue Bunny Meanwhile, ice cream brand Blue Bunny got in on the giveaway game in its own way Tuesday. With the World Series starting in Cleveland right near the Cleveland Cavaliers making their season debut and commemorating last season's championship, there was plenty for sports fans to celebrate. LeBron James joked days earlier that having an ice cream truck outside of the two arenas would make the night even better. So Blue Bunny sent a truck of ice cream to Cleveland and handed out treats to fans in the area between Progressive Field and the Quicken Loans Arena. Olson Engage was the agency on the project. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, E.J. Schultz In this article: Alcoholic Beverages CMO Strategy Packaged Food Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Interview 5 Quality Picks from Top Performing India Fund Ocean Dial Asset Management is up 37% this year by investing in stocks ignored by foreign investors. By Daniel Shane Biography October 21, 2016 Heavy monsoon rains this year have helped deliver a deluge of outperformance at Ocean Dial Asset Management’s Gateway to India fund. The Bombay index’s 11% return in 2016 has been swept away by Ocean Dial’s 37% return in British pound... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 6 Amazon-Proof Retail Stocks to Buy Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Apple iGlass is a Great Name, But It Won’t Help the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Chipotle: Could Its Ailing Shares Fall by Another 50%? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. How to Improve Your Credit Score ...From the Man Who Knows Best Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Bob Doll: 10 Implications of Trump’s Victory Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Apple and More 3 Unloved Financial Stock Soaring on Trump Win Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Assam Petrochemicals announces change in chairman Business Standard FMCG stocks drop Capital Market  October 26, 2016 Last Updated at 11:33 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIW2Ir Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Sensex, Nifty settle with modest losses Sensex, Nifty hit more than one-week low Key benchmark indices hovered close to their intraday low in mid-morning trade as weakness in Asian stocks marred sentiment. At 11:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 244.69 points or 0.87% at 27,846.73. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were lower in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was currently down 61.15 points or 0.7% at 8,630.15. The Sensex was currently below the psychological 28,000 mark after falling below that mark in early trade. The Sensex hit its fresh lowest level in more than a week in mid-morning trade. The Sensex lost 251.08 points or 0.89% at the day's low of 27,840.34 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The barometer index shed 40.87 points or 0.14% at the day's high of 28,050.55 in early trade. The Nifty lost 73.40 points or 0.84% at the day's low of 8,617.90 in morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The index fell 34 points or 0.39% at the day's high of 8,657.30 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks dropped following in the footsteps of lower closing for US stocks overnight, which pulled back on disappointing earnings. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,293 shares rose and 1,078 shares fell. A total of 190 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.08%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.2%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.01%), Marico (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.35%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 1.32%), Nestle India (down 0.19%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.69%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 2.47%) declined. Dabur India rose 0.9%. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) rose 0.01% ahead of its Q2 results today, 26 October 2016. Realty stocks were mixed. Unitech (down 0.33%), Sobha (down 0.7%), and Godrej Properties (down 0.23%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 2.45%), NBCC (India) (up 0.27%), DLF (up 0.36%), Housing Development & Infrastructure (HDIL) (up 0.75%), and Oberoi Realty (up 2.52%) edged higher. P I Industries gained 4.37% after net profit surged 77.98% to Rs 101.38 crore on 20.89% growth in net sales to Rs 536.88 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. P I Industries' consolidated earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 53% to Rs 128 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015 benefiting from a favorable product mix and better operating leverage. L&T Finance Holdings rose 3.6% after consolidated net profit rose 15.16% at Rs 248.06 crore on 16.55% growth in total income to Rs 2141.57 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. L&T Finance Holdings said that rigorous focus on identified businesses and strong execution on strategic initiatives has led to robust business growth. In these focus businesses, disbursements have grown by 28% while total assets have increased by 24% in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. L&T Finance Holdings continued to leverage technology to deliver superior customer experience and to gain market share. Mobility solutions with integrated rule based decision engines has helped sharply reduce turnaround time and standardise credit decisions, the company said. IDFC Bank rose 1.47% after net profit galloped 550.27% to Rs 387.76 crore on 2615.82% growth in total income to Rs 2493.13 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. IDFC Bank commenced its banking operations on 1 October 2015. Accordingly, the results for Q2 September 2016 are not comparable with corresponding previous quarter. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 3219.68 crore as on 30 September 2016 as against Rs 3029.87 crore as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 5.96% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.09% as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 2.44% as on 30 September 2016 as against 2.32% as on 30 June 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Nifty | Bse | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online FMCG stocks drop Key benchmark indices hovered close to their intraday low in mid-morning trade as weakness in Asian stocks marred sentiment. At 11:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 244.69 points or 0.87% at 27,846.73. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were lower in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was currently down 61.15 points or 0.7% at 8,630.15. The Sensex was currently below the psychological 28,000 mark after falling below that mark in early trade. The Sensex hit its fresh lowest level in more than a week in mid-morning trade. Key benchmark indices hovered close to their intraday low in mid-morning trade as weakness in Asian stocks marred sentiment. At 11:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 244.69 points or 0.87% at 27,846.73. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were lower in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was currently down 61.15 points or 0.7% at 8,630.15. The Sensex was currently below the psychological 28,000 mark after falling below that mark in early trade. The Sensex hit its fresh lowest level in more than a week in mid-morning trade. The Sensex lost 251.08 points or 0.89% at the day's low of 27,840.34 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The barometer index shed 40.87 points or 0.14% at the day's high of 28,050.55 in early trade. The Nifty lost 73.40 points or 0.84% at the day's low of 8,617.90 in morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The index fell 34 points or 0.39% at the day's high of 8,657.30 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks dropped following in the footsteps of lower closing for US stocks overnight, which pulled back on disappointing earnings. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,293 shares rose and 1,078 shares fell. A total of 190 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.08%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.2%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.01%), Marico (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.35%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 1.32%), Nestle India (down 0.19%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.69%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 2.47%) declined. Dabur India rose 0.9%. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) rose 0.01% ahead of its Q2 results today, 26 October 2016. Realty stocks were mixed. Unitech (down 0.33%), Sobha (down 0.7%), and Godrej Properties (down 0.23%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 2.45%), NBCC (India) (up 0.27%), DLF (up 0.36%), Housing Development & Infrastructure (HDIL) (up 0.75%), and Oberoi Realty (up 2.52%) edged higher. P I Industries gained 4.37% after net profit surged 77.98% to Rs 101.38 crore on 20.89% growth in net sales to Rs 536.88 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. P I Industries' consolidated earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 53% to Rs 128 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015 benefiting from a favorable product mix and better operating leverage. L&T Finance Holdings rose 3.6% after consolidated net profit rose 15.16% at Rs 248.06 crore on 16.55% growth in total income to Rs 2141.57 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. L&T Finance Holdings said that rigorous focus on identified businesses and strong execution on strategic initiatives has led to robust business growth. In these focus businesses, disbursements have grown by 28% while total assets have increased by 24% in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. L&T Finance Holdings continued to leverage technology to deliver superior customer experience and to gain market share. Mobility solutions with integrated rule based decision engines has helped sharply reduce turnaround time and standardise credit decisions, the company said. IDFC Bank rose 1.47% after net profit galloped 550.27% to Rs 387.76 crore on 2615.82% growth in total income to Rs 2493.13 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. IDFC Bank commenced its banking operations on 1 October 2015. Accordingly, the results for Q2 September 2016 are not comparable with corresponding previous quarter. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 3219.68 crore as on 30 September 2016 as against Rs 3029.87 crore as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 5.96% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.09% as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 2.44% as on 30 September 2016 as against 2.32% as on 30 June 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 FMCG stocks drop Key benchmark indices hovered close to their intraday low in mid-morning trade as weakness in Asian stocks marred sentiment. At 11:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 244.69 points or 0.87% at 27,846.73. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were lower in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was currently down 61.15 points or 0.7% at 8,630.15. The Sensex was currently below the psychological 28,000 mark after falling below that mark in early trade. The Sensex hit its fresh lowest level in more than a week in mid-morning trade. The Sensex lost 251.08 points or 0.89% at the day's low of 27,840.34 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The barometer index shed 40.87 points or 0.14% at the day's high of 28,050.55 in early trade. The Nifty lost 73.40 points or 0.84% at the day's low of 8,617.90 in morning trade, its lowest level since 18 October 2016. The index fell 34 points or 0.39% at the day's high of 8,657.30 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks dropped following in the footsteps of lower closing for US stocks overnight, which pulled back on disappointing earnings. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,293 shares rose and 1,078 shares fell. A total of 190 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.08%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.2%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.01%), Marico (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.35%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 1.32%), Nestle India (down 0.19%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.63%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.69%), and Godrej Consumer Products (down 2.47%) declined. Dabur India rose 0.9%. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) rose 0.01% ahead of its Q2 results today, 26 October 2016. Realty stocks were mixed. Unitech (down 0.33%), Sobha (down 0.7%), and Godrej Properties (down 0.23%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate (up 2.45%), NBCC (India) (up 0.27%), DLF (up 0.36%), Housing Development & Infrastructure (HDIL) (up 0.75%), and Oberoi Realty (up 2.52%) edged higher. P I Industries gained 4.37% after net profit surged 77.98% to Rs 101.38 crore on 20.89% growth in net sales to Rs 536.88 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. P I Industries' consolidated earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 53% to Rs 128 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015 benefiting from a favorable product mix and better operating leverage. L&T Finance Holdings rose 3.6% after consolidated net profit rose 15.16% at Rs 248.06 crore on 16.55% growth in total income to Rs 2141.57 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. L&T Finance Holdings said that rigorous focus on identified businesses and strong execution on strategic initiatives has led to robust business growth. In these focus businesses, disbursements have grown by 28% while total assets have increased by 24% in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. L&T Finance Holdings continued to leverage technology to deliver superior customer experience and to gain market share. Mobility solutions with integrated rule based decision engines has helped sharply reduce turnaround time and standardise credit decisions, the company said. IDFC Bank rose 1.47% after net profit galloped 550.27% to Rs 387.76 crore on 2615.82% growth in total income to Rs 2493.13 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 25 October 2016. IDFC Bank commenced its banking operations on 1 October 2015. Accordingly, the results for Q2 September 2016 are not comparable with corresponding previous quarter. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 3219.68 crore as on 30 September 2016 as against Rs 3029.87 crore as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 5.96% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.09% as on 30 June 2016. The ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 2.44% as on 30 September 2016 as against 2.32% as on 30 June 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker US stocks slip from 2-week highs Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New York, Oct 26:   US stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors, including housing and consumer products, failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest US company by market capitalisation, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 per cent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool, down 10.8 per cent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 per cent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. “Lacklustrr results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle,” said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 per cent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 per cent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 per cent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 per cent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag.” Overall, annualised third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 per cent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 per cent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 per cent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in US crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 per cent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 per cent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on October 26, 2016) Related NEWS Rupee ends flat at 66.83 Oil prices drop as concerns over global fuel glut re-emerge Markets Live: Sensex plummets 254 points; Axis Bank tanks 8.04% Gold firm on strong festive demand Sensex plummets 254 points; Axis Bank tanks 8.04% TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Sensex slumps over 500 points; US bond yields, dollar weigh More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Broker's call IndiaNivesh SecuritiesSBI (Hold)CMP: ₹278.10Target: ₹290SBI’s Q2FY17 results were lower than expectati... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 26.50   0.50 1.92%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.20   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.90   ACIFORMULA 158.70   7.20 4.75%   ACMELAB 105.00   -0.90 -0.85%   ACTIVEFINE 39.30   1.40 3.69%   AFCAGRO 46.00   2.20 5.02%   AFTABAUTO 54.60   4.20 8.33%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.70 3.91%   AGRANINS 17.50   1.00 6.06%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.20   -1.90 -1.98%   ALARABANK 14.90   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 77.30   -0.40 -0.51%   AMBEEPHA 422.20   -14.90 -3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.20   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 26.90   0.90 3.46%   ANWARGALV 67.30   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 142.80   -3.10 -2.12%   APEXFOOT 368.10   2.00 0.55%   APEXSPINN 121.00   -3.00 -2.42%   APEXTANRY 128.00   -0.10 -0.08%   APOLOISPAT 16.20   0.30 1.89%   ARAMIT 351.60   -2.20 -0.62%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.10 -0.33%   ARGONDENIM 27.20   1.50 5.84%   ASIAINS 16.40   0.40 2.50%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 113.60   0.50 0.44%   AZIZPIPES 68.40   3.00 4.59%   BANGAS 103.90   1.00 0.97%   BANKASIA 17.60   0.40 2.33%   BARKAPOWER 29.90   0.50 1.70%   BATASHOE 1180.00   8.60 0.73%   BATBC   2.90   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.70 3.57%   BBS   0.60   BDAUTOCA 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   BDCOM   0.60   BDFINANCE 10.20   0.60 6.25%   BDLAMPS 173.40   2.60 1.52%   BDTHAI 22.90   1.10 5.05%   BEACHHATCH 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   BEACONPHAR 19.20   0.30 1.59%   BENGALWTL 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   18.80 0.79%   BEXIMCO 22.40   0.60 2.75%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   0.40   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   0.00 0.00%   BSC   12.40   BSCCL   -1.70   BSRMLTD 141.00   0.40 0.28%   BSRMSTEEL 94.80   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 82.00   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 16.00   0.20 1.27%   CENTRALPHL 14.00   -0.50 -3.45%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 14.80   0.60 4.23%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.60 4.51%   CNATEX 7.80   0.20 2.63%   CONFIDCEM 116.00   -4.30 -3.57%   CONTININS 16.40   0.30 1.86%   CVOPRL 193.50   6.40 3.42%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   DBH   -0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.20   0.10 0.10%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DESCO   -1.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.10 0.63%   DHAKAINS 18.80   1.30 7.43%   DOREENPWR 112.80   -6.20 -5.21%   DSHGARME 364.80   14.90 4.26%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.30   0.60 0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.90   0.40 1.70%   EASTLAND 20.20   0.40 2.02%   EASTRNLUB 900.00   -20.50 -2.23%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 145.20   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   1.70   EMERALDOIL 34.70   3.10 9.81%   ENVOYTEX 36.70   -2.30 -5.90%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.50   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.30   0.20 1.05%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.20 2.13%   FAREASTLIF 62.80   -0.10 -0.16%   FASFIN 11.30   0.50 4.63%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 22.90   0.70 3.15%   FINEFOODS 20.00   -0.90 -4.31%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FORTUNE 42.90   -1.20 -2.72%   FUWANGFOOD 12.40   -0.30 -2.36%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 791.00   -1.80 -0.23%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.20 2.99%   GHAIL   0.20   GHCL   -3.50   GLAXOSMITH 1600.00   34.00 2.17%   GLOBALINS 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GOLDENSON 15.50   -1.10 -6.63%   GP   -0.90   GPHISPAT 29.20   0.30 1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   1.80 2.65%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 47.00   0.30 0.64%   GSPFINANCE 20.00   0.60 3.09%   HAKKANIPUL 43.00   -1.10 -2.49%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.60 -0.11%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.70   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.40 1.14%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   12.00 1.24%   IBNSINA 218.60   0.90 0.41%   ICB   -6.00   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.20 5.13%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   1.50   IFADAUTOS 74.60   -1.50 -1.97%   IFIC   0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   -0.30 -2.63%   INTECH 11.60   -0.60 -4.92%   IPDC   1.90   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.70 4.73%   ISLAMIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   ITC   -3.40   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.30 2.08%   JAMUNAOIL 194.50   0.40 0.21%   JANATAINS 12.50   0.40 3.31%   JMISMDL 154.00   2.60 1.72%   JUTESPINN 54.00   -2.10 -3.74%   KARNAPHULI 13.80   0.40 2.99%   KAY&QUE 31.50   0.60 1.94%   KBPPWBIL 17.70   0.50 2.91%   KDSALTD 64.90   -0.90 -1.37%   KEYACOSMET 9.60   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 452.00   6.50 1.46%   KPCL   -3.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.20   -1.10 -1.46%   LANKABAFIN 27.00   0.30 1.12%   LEGACYFOOT 18.70   0.60 3.31%   LIBRAINFU 500.20   -20.60 -3.96%   LINDEBD 1342.00   -7.90 -0.59%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1211.00   -0.60 -0.05%   MATINSPINN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.30 4.48%   MEGHNACEM 93.20   0.20 0.22%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.10 -0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   MERCINS 13.60   0.20 1.49%   METROSPIN 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.00   -0.20 -0.27%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.40 1.66%   MIRACLEIND 39.00   1.10 2.90%   MITHUNKNIT 66.00   -0.70 -1.05%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 201.00   -0.20 -0.10%   MPETROLEUM 183.40   0.70 0.38%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 173.00   2.10 1.23%   NAVANACNG 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.40   0.10 0.97%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.90   NHFIL   4.60   NITOLINS 21.80   0.40 1.87%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   NORTHERN 198.50   -15.00 -7.03%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 83.40   -2.10 -2.46%   NTC   43.10   NTLTUBES 130.00   3.10 2.44%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 309.90   5.80 1.91%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -1.20 -2.00%   ORIONPHARM 38.50   3.50 10.00%   PADMALIFE 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   PADMAOIL 185.60   0.40 0.22%   PARAMOUNT 18.90   -0.60 -3.08%   PENINSULA 23.80   -1.40 -5.56%   PEOPLESINS 16.50   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 253.50   -3.00 -1.17%   PHENIXINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   PHOENIXFIN 24.20   0.80 3.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.50   0.60 2.08%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   POPULARLIF 67.80   -0.70 -1.02%   POWERGRID 59.40   0.20 0.34%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 88.90   0.20 0.23%   PREMIERBAN 9.00   0.30 3.45%   PREMIERCEM 84.00   -2.70 -3.11%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.30 3.06%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.10 2.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.30 3.90%   PRIMEINSUR 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   0.30 0.52%   PRIMETEX 22.40   1.30 6.16%   PROVATIINS 14.20   0.30 2.16%   PTL   1.50   PUBALIBANK 20.30   0.50 2.53%   PURABIGEN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   4.10 4.64%   RAHIMAFOOD 83.70   -6.00 -6.69%   RAHIMTEXT 237.20   0.20 0.08%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   -0.30 -0.51%   RANFOUNDRY 102.40   -0.90 -0.87%   RDFOOD 16.60   1.50 9.93%   RECKITTBEN 1587.00   16.90 1.08%   REGENTTEX 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 45.50   0.00 0.00%   RENATA 1095.00   3.30 0.30%   RENWICKJA 582.10   -6.20 -1.05%   REPUBLIC 16.20   0.70 4.52%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   RSRMSTEEL 44.50   2.10 4.95%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   RUPALILIFE 36.00   0.70 1.98%   SAFKOSPINN 11.30   0.80 7.62%   SAIFPOWER 60.50   0.40 0.67%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SALAMCRST 26.80   0.50 1.90%   SALVOCHEM 12.70   1.00 8.55%   SAMATALETH 23.50   -0.90 -3.69%   SAMORITA 62.80   0.30 0.48%   SANDHANINS 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.50   -0.30 -2.54%   SEMLLECMF 9.50   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.20 1.48%   SHASHADNIM 58.50   -2.00 -3.31%   SHURWID 8.30   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.60   0.10 0.80%   SIBL   0.10   SIMTEX 19.90   1.20 6.42%   SINGERBD 184.20   -2.30 -1.23%   SINOBANGLA 22.70   1.00 4.61%   SONALIANSH 197.80   -0.70 -0.35%   SONARBAINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.30 -3.37%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   SPCL   -2.70   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.20 0.31%   SQURPHARMA 248.00   -22.60 -8.35%   STANCERAM 52.10   -5.50 -9.55%   STANDARINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1666.30   98.00 6.25%   SUMITPOWER 33.60   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   TITASGAS 47.40   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.70   1.00 5.65%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.20   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 12.80   0.60 4.92%   UNIQUEHRL 39.30   -2.20 -5.30%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.30   0.60 3.05%   UNITEDINS 24.20   -0.90 -3.59%   UPGDCL 142.60   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 92.40   -1.80 -1.91%   UTTARABANK 23.60   0.30 1.29%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.50 2.63%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 152.00   2.40 1.60%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.40   0.60 4.05%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.10   -1.30 -7.47%   Latest News Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass TIME - 06:50 am National High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT World Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five Stock BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money TOP NEWS Trump’s 200 day plan: Trade reform begins Day 1 Dollar hovers near 14-year high Hate crimes against US Muslims 'up by 67pc' Eastern Cables recommends 10pc cash div LR Global MF declares 5.0pc cash div National Tea recommends 30pc cash div Standard Ins recommends 10pc stock div Oil prices rise Trump, Putin discuss future ties Asian stocks mostly lower MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Read more A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am None knows for sure the size of the global shadow economy, for most people do talk about tackling it but not many of them have ever tried to find perfect ways of measuring it.  Its definition is also somewhat blurred. There Read more Economy Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter The Dutch economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics announced on Tuesday, reports Xinhua. The growth percentage was the same as in the first two quarters of this year. The quarterly growth of the Dutch economy was the tenth in a row. Compared to Q3 of 2015, the economy grew by 2.4 per cent. "Our economy continues to perform exceptionally well and is broadly driven," Henk Kamp, Minister of Economic Affairs, reacted in a statement, "We grow more than twice as fast as the European average and show a solid and Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm Finance Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Tighter macroprudential actions in financial regulation may create the scope of 'regulatory arbitrage' with destabilising impacts including credit squeeze. Such a forewarning came at a summit meet Tuesday in Dhaka on present-day banking that is marked by a switch from the Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t IMF queries rising NPLs in banks Q1 income tax receipt well below target Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Stocks return to green on buying spree Stocks returned to green Tuesday, snapping a two days profit taking sale pressure, as some enthusiastic investors were active on SBL, SIBL to open KSA branches soon Increased participation spurs rally on bourses Square most-traded issue on DSE Stocks end positive Mideast stocks mixed at opening  Indian shares slip 2pc; rupee drops  Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore New Zealand shares edge up National Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu on Tuesday said the government has taken all measures to bring the culprits to justice in connection with the Nasirganar and Gobindaganj incidents, reports BSS. "The incidents of Nasirnagar, Gobindaganj and Raipura are isolated, having no link with the law and order situation in the country," he said after attending a cabinet committee meeting on law Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Dry weather likely All 4 in Bushra murder case relieved SC asks Mufti Hannan to submit statement Trade and Market Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg Prices of garlic increased significantly by Tk 20- Tk 30 a kg in last two days. Traders attributed the hike to higher import costs. Imported garlic (Chinese) was sold at Tk 200-Tk 210 and local variety at Tk 155-165 a kg in retail markets on Tuesday from Tk 170-Tk 180 and Tk 135-Tk 140 a kg respectively two days back, kitchen market FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer BB seeks banks' help to revamp dwindling remittance inflows India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer China commodities fall hard as speculators panic after frantic rally World The Rock cooking up White House run? After parlaying a professional wrestling career as "The Rock" into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea US students boycott classes to protest Trump win 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring ‘terrorism’ Giuliani favourite for Trump’s secy of state Sci-tech Dry weather likely Weather may remain dry with temporary partly cloudy sky over the country, said a Met office release in Dhaka on Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Smart City Hackathon organised in city Education BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 RAJSHAHI UNIVERSITY, Nov 15: The council of the Rajshahi University (RU) unit of the Bangladesh Chhattra League (BCL) will be held on December 07 while that of the Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) unit of the student wing of the ruling Awami League is scheduled for December 08. Delwar Hossain, office secretary of the BCL central committee, told the newsmen that the decision was taken in an emergency meeting in the presence of the organisation's central President Saifur Rahman ... Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Sports Muktijoddha share points with Brothers MYMENSINGH, Nov 15 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC shared points with Brothers Union Club in the JB Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Australia slump to humiliating loss Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabann The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Flower growers sustain heavy losses for rough weather in Bogra BOGRA, Nov 15: The flower growers of the district are counting heavy losses as the crop has been badly damaged due to rough weather which is prevailing here for the last several days. Sources said the flower petals are starting to fall due to the rough weather condition. Meanwhile, the low price of flowers at Gokul Market, the biggest wholesale market, has brought the growers to their knees. Of the total production in the country, around 35 per cent flowers are grown ... Fancy bed covers export brings solvency to 550 poor rural females Construction of 70 houses for landless FFs going on in Sylhet Magura traders doing brisk business at Kartiany fair PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight November 15, 2016, 10:07 pm BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors November 15, 2016, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results By Apple , the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. Sell Marico; target of Rs 290: Anand Rathi - Tata Sons may seek Nusli Wadia ouster from Tata cos boards: Srcs News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Oct 26, 2016, 08.28 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results Apple , the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results Apple , the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool , down 10.8 percent to USD 152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to USD 247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at USD 123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to USD 68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to USD 86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to USD 32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in US crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to USD 166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street BlackRock Emerging Markets Fund China's economy economy NYSE Nasdaq Nasdaq S&P 500 Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News SC counters Sibal's view on 'force of law', steers clear for now Demonetisation: Good for bond mkts, short-term negative for equities, says CLSA 1001 Startup Ideas - AI enabled chatbots for customer service Tata Motors Q2 revenue in line, profit misses; directors back co Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre NHAI invites bids for proj reports for 15,000 km eco corridors Trucks to enter Delhi only after midnight till Jan 31: LG Patanjali exploring possibility of plant in Nizamabad district Demonetisation a crusade against corruption & black money: PM See all Video of the day NBFCs can't be written off in wake of demonetisation: Quantum Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Cops: Man bought furniture with fake cash Add to our round-up of Albany songs Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off 2 charged in deadly Gloversville home invasion News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off NKOTB, Boyz II Men, Paula Abdul headed to Albany Democratic party tends to its wounds Trump mulls diverse picks after backlash Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Giants do enough to win Bearcats spurt past Danes Lineup switch ignites Knicks No. 3 Villanova escapes Purdue Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Virtual tour: Albany Capital Center buildings rise India currency reset leads to chaos Disney forges ahead with streaming as ratings sag After the election, 'it's retail therapy either way' Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Michelle Dockery far from the 'Abbey' 30 winter date ideas around the Capital Region 10 essential holiday events in the Capital Region Newspaper ads from the past two centuries Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories New friendship launches fashion show to help people fighting Girl's smile inspires Cute Syndrome Foundation The proper tools to assist seniors 'We want to be good community citizens' Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Reform groups renew call for ‘clean contracting’ New Zealand cleans up after latest quake Conservative consumers take offense to Starbucks cups Add to our round-up of Albany songs TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Editorial: Jail accountability lacking Letter: Trump supporters have work to do Colonie WaterWalk hotel project's future unclear Shelter and care for families in crisis Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Update on local residential building projects House of the Week: Custom Cape in Greenfield Dancer Mark Ballas adds a flip to his routine High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Today’s 50% off Target Cartwheel toy deal: Miles from Black Friday and Thanksgiving 2016 store hours Black Friday 2016 ad roundup: Michael’s, Staples, Game Today’s 50% off Target Cartwheel toy deal: Qixels MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Whirlpool-wash-out-hits-stocks-10334906.php Whirlpool wash out hits stocks Consumer companies fall as appliance maker, others, skid Associated Press Published 7:37 pm, Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Photo: John Minchillo Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This July 9, 2015, file photo, shows signage outside Procter & Gamble corporate headquarters in downtown Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co.'s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street's view as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment, the company announced Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ213 less FILE - This July 9, 2015, file photo, shows signage outside Procter & Gamble corporate headquarters in downtown Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co.'s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street's view as it ... more Photo: John Minchillo Whirlpool wash out hits stocks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if shoppers are closing their wallets. "The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case," he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite Tuesday's results, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Meanwhile appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Home improvement retailers Home Depot and Lowe's and flooring maker Mohawk Industries all slumped. So did automaker General Motors, which reported solid earnings. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Rival Nike also slipped. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW HDTVs at Walmart: Deals from $75 + free shipping WalmartPosted 12 hr 36 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Tool Rollbacks and Clearance WalmartPosted 12 hr 22 min ago SHOP NOW NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping NFL ShopPosted 5 hr 47 min ago SHOP NOW Rollback Bike Deals at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping WalmartPosted 12 hr 30 min ago Most Popular 1 Albany man arraigned in Crossgates shooting incident 2 2 charged in deadly Gloversville home invasion 3 Woman's 'horrific' beating death called a random attack 4 WWE's Big Van Vader, aka Leon White, tells fans he has 2 years... 5 Shen superintendent says racism, bigotry on rise in district 6 NY school bus driver scolded for favoring Trump supporters 7 Albany tree service fined in worker's death View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Stocks Slide as Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone Sales Fall Mixed results on the earnings front kept stocks down Tuesday Oct 25, 2016, 5:38 pm EST  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist     U.S. stocks finished lower on Tuesday as third-quarter earnings remain in focus. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.2%, the S&P 500 Index lost 0.4%, the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.5% and the Russell 2000 finished 0.8% lower. Treasury bonds were mixed, the dollar was unable to hold early strength, gold gained 0.8% and the price of crude was lower down 1.1% on growing doubts about an OPEC-Russia supply freeze deal. Crude was also hit by a surprise inventory build, with API stockpiles up 4.8 million barrels in the largest increase since April. Defensive utility and consumer staples stocks led the way with gains of 0.5% and 0.3% respectively. Consumer discretionary and materials stocks were the laggards, down 1.2% and 1%, respectively. What Stocks Will Win the 2016 Election? Regional bank KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) surged 6% thanks to a Q3 earnings-per-share beat on solid net interest income and loan growth. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) gained on a Q3 earnings beat driven by 3% organic sales growth versus the 2.4% expected. On the downside, Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UA) lost 13.2% despite better-than-expected earnings and revenues as gross margins disappointed and management comments that its growth rate going forward will slow. Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE:WHR) dropped 10.8% on a 5% earning miss on weak sales driven by soft demand. After the close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) lost 1.7% — in contrast to the torrid rally in the stock over the last three months for a 20% gain — after reporting tepid results. Revenues dropped 9% from last year to $46.9 billion with 45.5 million iPhones sold (down 5% from last year but slightly ahead of expectations). Earnings of $9 billion was a whopping 19% decline from last year. China sales were down 30% from last year. The results will further fuel worries that the smartphone market is now mature and saturated, that the iPhone 7 is getting a lukewarm response, and that the company is facing serious headwinds in China. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Just Failed Its Q4 Earnings Test Going forward, keep eye on crude oil as it looks ready for a fresh bout of weakness here as West Texas Intermediate drops back below the $50-a-barrel threshold and threatens a decline below its 20-day moving average for the first time since late September. The November U.S. Oil Fund LP ETF (NYSEARCA:USO) puts recommended today to Edge Pro subscribers are already up 20%. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to InvestorPlace readers. More From InvestorPlace 3 Big Oil Stocks at Risk From OPEC Uncertainty 7 Successful Icons Who Had a Brush With Bankruptcy Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/stock-market-today-nyse-dow-jones-industrial-average-investing-news-crude-oil-apple-stock-aapl/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 26 October 2016 | MYT 6:42 AM Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. NEW YORK: U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple <AAPL.O>, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures <ESc1> to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool <WHR.N>, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' <SHW.N> outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot <HD.N>, which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos <LOW.N> fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble <PG.N> rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour <UA.N> fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M <MMM.N> fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar <CAT.N> lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors <GM.N> fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Commodities , Banking , Foreign News , Corporate News , Economy , Banking , Investing , Oil & Gas You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this MRT fare starts at RM1 Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected How to get the young to invest more and spend less advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Markets World markets Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results US stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. By: Reuters | New York | Updated: October 26, 2016 4:07 AM Apple, the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. (Reuters) US stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest US company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams’ outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. “Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle,” said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a “mixed bag.” Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Rs 500 & Rs 1,000 notes to be accepted for land registration till Nov 23, says Akhilesh Yadav Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:18 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings</p> <p>Jim Cramer provided his take on Apple earnings following a quarter that was widely viewed as disappointing.</p> Cramer bites into Apple: Wall Street still ignoring the most important part of earnings    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 11:09 Nitpickers were out in full force after Apple reported earnings on Tuesday, which left Jim Cramer perplexed as to why Wall Street is ignoring the company's service revenue stream. "To me, once again, the exceedingly profitable revenue stream is the one to watch, and it is still being relatively ignored, despite its 24 percent growth to $6.3 billion, and despite the naysayers' comments," the "Mad Money" host said. After reviewing the quarter, Cramer gave his usual mantra to own Apple, don't trade it. Apple's stock jumped far in advance of earnings, partially because of Samsung's issue with the Galaxy Note 7 phone that left room for Apple to take share in the industry. While Apple's revenue came in line with estimates and earnings beat analyst expectations with better than expected iPhone sales, it was the third straight quarter with a year-over-year decline in revenue. Last year, comparable sales were $51.5 billion, versus $46.9 billion this quarter. Shares fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading in response. Apple's stock still juicy? Mark Neuling | CNBC Apple iPhone 7 Outside of Apple and Samsung, Cramer saw many more examples of companies excelling versus the competition because they are doing so well with the hand they have been dealt. Procter and Gamble became a house of brands that at one point seemed stalled to Cramer. Some investors considered the stock nothing more than a bond market equivalent with a 3 percent yield. That all changed on Tuesday when Procter & Gamble blew away the numbers, posting 3 percent organic growth. Cramer considered that impressive considering the size of the company. United Technologies boosted its earnings guidance after reporting a terrific quarter. Yet, in contrast, General Electric brought its forecast down. "I think a case can be made that United Technologies is simply out-executing GE in more than just aerospace," Cramer said. It all came down to execution for Cramer, especially in a busy earnings season that is notorious for turmoil. For those investors who do their own stock picking, Cramer reminded them to remember the effect of strong management, and to avoid battleground stocks, like Under Armour in the sports apparel space. "At least until the smoke clears and the stocks have fallen so far that I will tell you when the time is right to pounce," Cramer said. Correction: This story has been updated to show that Apple reported revenue of $46.9 billion. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change UTX --- AAPL --- UA --- GE --- PG --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results Source : Last Updated: Wed, Oct 26, 2016 03:00 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print * 3M falls after cutting forecast * Procter & Gamble rises after profit beats expectations * Housing stocks affected by Sherwin Williams, Whirlpool * Indexes down: Dow 0.3 pct, S&P 0.38 pct, Nasdaq 0.5 pct (Adds Apple, oil falling after-hours) By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Earnings disappoint Wednesday, 26 October 2016, 7:42 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Earnings disappoint Oct. 26 (BusinessDesk) - Stocks on both sides of the Atlantic slid amid disappointing results from companies including 3M and Caterpillar. Also hurting sentiment was a report showing US consumer confidence weakened more than expected. And oil fell. "We've had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed[eral Reserve] meeting next week," Jeff Zipper, managing director for investments at Private Client Reserve at US Bank in Palm Beach, Florida, told Reuters. In 2.10pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.4 percent. In 1.54pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index declined 0.2 percent. The Dow moved lower as declines in shares of 3M and those of Home Depot, recently down 2.9 percent and 2.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Procter & Gamble and those of United Technologies, recently trading 4.1 percent and 2.4 percent higher respectively. 3M lowered its outlook for 2016 sales and earnings. Shares of Caterpillar slid, down 2.2 percent recently, after the world’s No. 1 maker of mining and construction equipment, downgraded its full-year sales and profit outlook because of a “challenged environment.” The company now expects sales of US$39 billion, down from a previous estimate for between US$40 billion and US$40.5 billion, it said in a statement. Caterpillar said its expects 2017 sales and revenues "will not be significantly different than 2016.” “While we are seeing early signals of improvement in some areas, we continue to face a number of challenges,” CEO Doug Oberhelman said in the statement. Shares of Whirlpool sank, down 12.1 percent as of 2.06pm in New York, after the company downgraded its full-year profit outlook. Apple edged higher ahead of the release of its fiscal fourth quarter results after the closing bell. While the iPhone maker is forecast to report lower annual sales, the decline may prove less than some analysts have been expecting in part because of rival Samsung’s recent struggles. Meanwhile, a Conference Board report showed its index of consumer confidence dropped to 98.6 in October from 103.5 in September. To be sure, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies were among companies reporting better-than-expected results. “We’re getting some good earnings, but it’s still been a fairly mixed picture,” Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.4 percent drop from the previous close amid disappointing results from drugmaker Novartis. Germany’s DAX Index inched 0.04 percent lower, while France’s CAC 40 Index fell 0.3 percent. Bucking the trend, the UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH New Zealand Oil & Gas interest in Kupe field 1:39 PM | NZ Oil And Gas Alexandra Park CEO wins inaugural property award 1:34 PM | Alexandra Park Working with coastal shipping to help South Island 1:22 PM | Ports of Auckland Genesis Energy agrees to buy NZOG's stake in Kupe field 1:17 PM | BusinessDesk Investore Property's maiden first-half result as standalone 1:07 PM | BusinessDesk Tech to save the great Kiwi lifestyle 1:06 PM | SparkTank Family Owned Wine Company supporting the NZ Industry 1:02 PM | Glengarry Wines More   RSS Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 15/11/16 | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Investore Property’s maiden first-half result as s... 11:07 AM | admin IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout d... 10:55 AM | admin Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievemen... 10:28 AM | admin ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” 10:16 AM | admin Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinio... 10:16 AM | admin Survey finds little impact on business from OECD t... 10:10 AM | admin NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 9:55 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results By Reuters Published: 17:27 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 17:27 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Close Firmly In Negative Territory - U.S. Commentary 10/25/2016 4:38 PM ET After ending the previous session moderately higher, stocks moved back to the downside during trading on Tuesday. Selling pressure remained relatively subdued, however, limiting the downside for the markets. The major average ended the day firmly in the red. The Dow fell 8.16 points or 0.4 percent to 2,143.15, the Nasdaq slid 26.43 points or 0.5 percent to 5,283.40 and the S&P 500 dropped 53.76 points or 0.3 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness on Wall Street came as traders reacted to the latest batch of earnings news, with a number of big-name companies releasing their quarterly results. Shares of Sonic (SONC) fell sharply on the day after the fast food chain reported better than expected fiscal fourth quarter earnings but provided disappointing guidance. Sportswear maker Under Amour (UA) also came under pressure after the company said its growth rate going forward will be less than expected. On the other hand, shares of Procter & Gamble (PG) showed a strong move to the upside after the consumer products giant reported fiscal first quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates. 3M (MMM), Caterpillar (CAT), and DuPont (DD) are among the other well known companies that released their quarterly results on the day, while tech giant Apple (AAPL) is due to release its results after the close. In economic news, the Conference Board released a report showing a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in the month of October. The Conference Board said its consumer confidence index fell to 98.6 in October after climbing to 103.5 in September. Economists had expected the index to drop to 101.0. "Consumers' assessment of current business and employment conditions softened, while optimism regarding the short-term outlook retreated somewhat," said Lynn Franco, Director of Economic Indicators at the Conference Board. She added, "Overall, sentiment is that the economy will continue to expand in the near-term, but at a moderate pace." Sector News Housing stocks showed a significant move to the downside on the day, dragging the Philadelphia Housing Sector Index down by 2.3 percent. With the drop, the index fell to its lowest closing level in nearly four months. Masco (MAS) led the housing sector lower, with the cabinetry manufacturer slumping by 9.5 percent after reporting weaker than expected third quarter results. Considerable weakness was also visible among natural gas stocks, as reflected by the 1.9 percent drop by the NYSE Arca Natural Gas Index. Biotechnology, consumer, and oil service stocks also saw notable weakness. Meanwhile, gold stocks moved sharply higher as the day has progressed, driving the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index up by 2.5 percent. The strength among gold stocks came as gold for December delivery climbed $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index advanced by 0.8 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index edged down by 0.2 percent. The major European markets also ended the day mixed. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index rose by 0.5 percent, the German DAX Index closed just below the unchanged line and the French CAC 40 Index fell by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries showed a lack of direction over the course of the session before closing roughly flat. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, dipped by less than a basis point to 1.758 percent. Looking Ahead Trading on Wednesday may be impacted by reaction to a report on new home sales as well as the latest batch of earnings news. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties <<Previous        57 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted October 25, 2016 04:03 pm - Updated October 25, 2016 09:08 pm By MARLEY JAY Associated Press Stocks fall as earnings hit consumer names like Whirlpool NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are slipping Tuesday as corporate earnings dominate the news and consumer companies like athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool absorb their largest losses in years. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble are sending its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average shed 52 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,171 as of 3:40 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143. The Nasdaq composite fell 29 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,280. BAD FIT: Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales won't be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.02, or 13.2 percent, to $32.88 and is headed for its biggest loss since 2009. Under Armour traded above $50 a share a little more than a year ago. PAINT IT BLACK: Paint and coatings maker Sherwin-Williams posted a profit that was smaller than expected. The company cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Its stock lost $30.01, or 10.8 percent, to $247.87, its worst one-day decline in seven years. FOCUS: Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, is on track for its best day in a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $3.15, or 3.7 percent, to $87.25. ALL WET: Appliance maker Whirlpool's results fell far short of analyst projections and sent the stock to its largest loss in five years. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products sank $19.19, or 11.3 percent, to $151.27. THE QUOTE: Consumer spending is critical to the U.S. economy, so poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it's too soon to know if consumers are closing their wallets. "The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case," he said. A GUSHER: Oil and gas drilling services company Baker Hughes disclosed a smaller loss than investors expected. Investors were also pleased that Baker Hughes is preparing to cut more costs. The company said it plans to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. It climbed $2.34, or 4.5 percent, to $54.49. SLOWING TO A TRICKLE: Waters Corp., which makes products used in drug development, announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. The stock slid $18.98, or 12 percent, to $138.77. AIMING HIGH: Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.25, or 7.4 percent, to $249.41, its biggest leap in seven years. TAP THE BRAKES: General Motors had a strong quarter but investors sent its stock down $1.40, or 4.2 percent, to $31.58. U.S. auto sales have recently shown signs of slowing from a record high, which has investors worried about GM's growth. MERCK MAKES MORE: Drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit on greater sales of vaccines and cancer medicines. The company has also been trying to keep is spending in check. The stock rose $1.23, or 2 percent, to $61.98. 3M GETS STUCK: 3M, which makes Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.15, or 3 percent, to $166.12. GOING UP: Elevator and jet engine manufacturer United Technologies raised its annual forecast after its third-quarter profit surpassed analyst estimates. Its stock gained $2.28, or 2.3 percent, to $101.80. THIS WON'T GET GOOD RATINGS: Media and marketing information company Nielsen took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $8.84, or 16.1 percent, to $46.11. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.75 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors also bought shares of utility companies. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 percent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: The price of gold rose $9.90 to $1,273.60 an ounce. Silver jumped 18 cents, or 1 percent, to $17.78 an ounce. Copper rose 5 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.14 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 104.22 yen from 104.24 yen. The euro rose to $1.0892 from $1.0879. OVERSEAS: In Britain the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent while France's CAC 40 lost 0.3 percent and the DAX in Germany was little changed. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.5 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.2 percent. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:24 Thomson man charged in fatal McDuffie wreck Tue, 11/15/2016 - 18:08 Code Red air alert issued for SC counties Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:38 RBW Logistics selected top manufacturer by Development Authority Tue, 11/15/2016 - 17:03 Medical profession takes closer look at how money issues affect patients Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks end lower after earnings deluge News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks end lower after earnings deluge Wall Street stocks dropped modestly on Tuesday as investors adopted a cautious view after a deluge of earnings results that included both positive and negative surprises. Posted 26 Oct 2016 04:29 Updated 26 Oct 2016 04:39 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks dropped modestly on Tuesday (Oct 25) as investors adopted a cautious view after a deluge of earnings results that included both positive and negative surprises. "We're seeing an overall positive tone to earnings but we have seen some ... potential signs of caution, so investors are waiting to gather the complete picture," said David Levy, portfolio manager at Republic Wealth Advisors. Big winners included the defence giant Lockheed Martin, up 7.5 per cent, and consumer products giant Procter & Gamble, which gained 3.4 per cent after reporting strong gains in organic sales. On the flip side, shares of paint company Sherwin-Williams and home-appliance make Whirlpool suffered double-digit percentage declines after disappointing results. That prompted concerns that consumer investment in homes is slowing, pushing shares of Home Depot and Lowe's down more than three per cent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 53.76 points (0.30 per cent) to 18,169.27. The broad-based S&P 500 shed 8.17 points (0.38 per cent) to 2,143.16, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index lost 26.43 points (0.50 per cent) to 5,283.40. Caterpillar finished down 1.8 following a volatile session after reporting that third-quarter net profits sank nearly 50 per cent year-on-year to US$283 million. The heavy equipment maker said it was encouraged that commodities prices have risen somewhat, but that it had yet to see a pickup in business. General Motors dropped 4.3 per cent after reporting that net profit in the third quarter roughly doubled to a better-than-expected US$2.8 billion due largely to lower costs on recalls compared with the year-ago. The automaker warned that its goal of breaking even in Europe could be stymied by fallout from Britain's vote to pull out of the European Union. Athletic shoe and apparel maker Under Armour slumped 13.1 per cent after it warned that it would miss its 2018 operating profit target due to higher expenses as it expands into new markets. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Apple results due By Reuters Published: 16:14 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 16:14 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors, including housing and consumer products, failed to live up to expectations. Apple, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, was expected to report results after the closing bell. Whirlpool, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker than expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day's earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.29 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Turning Canadian infrastructure into a giant Petri dish: Jennifer Wells Unsurprisingly, a new proposal for a national infrastructure development bank is based on McKinsey figures. It all looks like an effort to conduct a grand, Harvard Business Review-worthy experiment on Canada. Finance Minister Bill Morneau, right, looks on as Dominic Barton, chairman of the Advisory Council on Economic Growth, responds to questions during a news conference in Ottawa on Oct. 20, 2016.  (Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS)   By Jennifer WellsBusiness Columnist Tues., Oct. 25, 2016 The devil is in the footnotes. How do we know that infrastructure drives economic productivity “year after year to the tune of 20 to 50 cents on every original dollar invested”? See footnote one: McKinsey Global Institute and the International Monetary Fund. How do we know that for every $1 million invested, “approximately 15 jobs are created”? See footnote two: McKinsey Global Institute. Article Continued Below How do we know that “best practices” in infrastructure development can result in savings in the “range of 23 per cent”? See footnote 14: McKinsey Global Institute. At the risk of regurgitating prior columns on the strategic initiative known as the Advisory Council on Economic Growth, let’s allow that dollar-a-year man Dominic Barton has spent years on the hustings selling global audiences on McKinsey data and McKinsey big think. Now we have the McKinsey Plan to open the spigot on international funds seeking a revenue-spinning home via investment in Canadian infrastructure while burnishing our reputation as a place for foreign direct investment like, say, Singapore. (Barton once lauded Singapore as the best for one-stop FDI investment. “Their economic development board is like a Procter & Gamble for capital,” he once said. He was at the time, and remains, a member of the board’s International Advisory Council.) Thus Canada is becoming a Petri dish for a grand experiment, a sort of McKinsey global case study that will surely make its way one day into the Harvard Business Review. As part of the grand experiment Finance Minister Bill Morneau is being asked to green light a Canadian Infrastructure Development Bank (CIDB), which sounds like a moniker sprung from the ’60s. (The word “sprung” may trigger PTSD for some economists who recall the east coast vegetable boondoggle.) So Minister Morneau might think first about carefully naming this “once-in-a-generation” opportunity, as defined by the council’s “Path to Prosperity” outline released last week. (It’s feather light, so let’s not call it a “report.”) As sketched, the “bank” would not only assess revenue-generating infrastructure proposals with project costs in excess of $100 million, but could offer “optional advice” as to the procurement and execution of social fabric projects where there is no revenue potential. This dual-class structure seems out of step with the Trudeau government, which has pledged to prioritize, by example, the infrastructure needs of indigenous communities. The risk here is that the CIDB will emerge as an archaic-sounding institution with a “highly independent board of governors and a CEO with world-class, relevant business experience.” (That an independent board of governors needs to be defined as “highly independent” brings to mind the toady director archetype, still a common creature in the Canadian corporate landscape.) And yet, the bones are there. A “national centre of excellence in infrastructure” with transparent performance measures calls to mind Infrastructure Australia, which regularly releases a countrywide priority list. Its Oct. 7 release, by example, itemizes proposed corridor upgrades, airport links, rail improvements etc. by location, timeline and problem category (urban congestion, national connectivity). Remote infrastructure and opportunity for growth are two defined problem categories. And so we see near-term plans for the delivery of infrastructure and essential services to remote communities, improved agricultural water supply in Tasmania and water supply security in Darwin and relocating a STEM research facility to Hobart. Note: as part of its “listening tour” in advance of drafting its first communiqué, the Advisory Council on Economic Growth held two workshops with First Nations communities. Two. That’s just embarrassing. There’s still time for Finance Minister Morneau to walk back some of the McKinsey think, and define instead a more encompassing, holistic Centre for Canadian Infrastructure Excellence. A centre that will not speak first to corporate interests and return on investment, but equally to the needs of one Canada. In numerous speeches, Dominic Barton has made reference to a comment made to him by the late Jim Flaherty. It goes something like this: “I wish I learnt at the beginning to put a microscope in one eye and a telescope in the other and not get a headache.” I wonder if he has ever shared the same anecdote with Bill Morneau. jenwells@thestar.ca The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 10°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Richard Branson: not looking down but ahead: Menon Billionaire subject of documentary Don’t Look Down talks about a world with Trump and Brexit. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 15, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices - Dothan Eagle: AP Business News Advanced Search Dothan 68° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap AP Business News Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 11:25 pm | Updated: 3:45 am, Wed Oct 26, 2016. Asian shares hit by gloom on Wall Street, lower oil prices Associated Press | TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell broadly in Asia on Wednesday after a gloomy session on Wall Street, where shares of household names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst declines in years. Weaker oil prices also cast a pall. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 wavered into a modest gain by midday, adding 0.1 percent to 17,379.25, but most other regional benchmarks fell. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 0.7 percent to 23,403.44 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dropped 1.5 percent to 5,359.40. South Korea's Kospi lost 1.5 percent to 2,007.38 and India's Sensex lost 0.7 percent to 27,895.12. Markets in Southeast Asia and Taiwan also fell. WALL STREET BLUES: Disappointing third-quarter earnings from big name companies raised worries over consumer spending, a critical driver of U.S. growth. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years, losing 10.9 percent, while Whirlpool plunged 10.8 percent. Athletic wear maker Under Armour's shares sank 13.2 percent, its biggest drop in almost eight years. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.3 percent to 18,169.27, the Standard & Poor's 500 index gave up 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq composite shed 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "U.S. equities turned lower overnight as the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index printed well below market expectations," Illka Gobius of OANDA said in a commentary. "We could see further pressure on equity markets because oil prices plunged in late N.Y. trade" after the American Petroleum Institute reported a much larger than expected buildup in U.S. crude inventories. APPLE EARNINGS: After U.S. markets closed, Apple reported lower quarterly sales, another dispiriting factor given the many Asian manufacturers that are suppliers for the iPhone and other Apple products. "Apple's numbers after-market look quite uninspiring and we are seeing shares down 2.5 percent in after-hours trade," Chris Weston of IG said in a research note. OIL PRICES: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 65 cents to $49.31 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, the international standard, dropped 58 cents to $50.21 a barrel. It fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 104.35 yen from 104.12 yen. The euro rose to $1.0890 from $1.0879. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay ___ Follow Elaine Kurtenbach: www.twitter.com/ekurtenbach http://bigstory.ap.org/content/elaine-kurtenbach © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan The Latest: Cruz meets with president-elect at Trump tower The Latest: Cruz meets with president-elect at Trump tower ARTICLE: Archdiocese adds money for abuse victims to bankruptcy plan ARTICLE: General Mills sells former Pillsbury plant in New Albany More about General News Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash ARTICLE: Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash ARTICLE: School bus overturns, 7 go to hospital with minor injuries ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in '5 Card Cash' game More about Consumer Product Manufacturing Work stops at electric-car factory site outside Las Vegas Work stops at electric-car factory site outside Las Vegas ARTICLE: Work stops at electric-car factory site outside Las Vegas Russia announces major operation in Syria ARTICLE: Russia announces major operation in Syria Discuss Print Posted in AP Business News on Tuesday, October 25, 2016 11:25 pm. Updated: 3:45 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Oil And Gas Industry, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Consumer Products And Services, Energy Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Products And Services, Commodity Markets, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Corporate Stock, Industrial Machinery And Equipment, Health Care Industry, Currency Markets, Consumer Services, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy | Location Tags: United States, North America, East Asia, Asia, Japan Similar Stories Study: Corruption seen as a great challenge in Europe, Asia No price tag, end date for FAA's air traffic control plan Work stops at electric-car factory site outside Las Vegas Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan Most Read Elba-Samson football playoff game postponed pending court ruling Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Elba-Samson game still in limbo; local officials upset Victim identified in two-vehicle Geneva County fatal crash Videos Editor's Picks Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. Demolition derby drivers set to crash Saturday at National Peanut Festival Keep your head on a swivel. Don’t get hit hard enough to be put out of the game. Don’t be overly aggressive. Be strategic. Greased Pig/Calf Scramble remains a National Peanut Festival favorite Desiree Beaman had no trouble getting her calf across the finish line at the National Peanut Festival’s Greased Pig/Calf Scramble… Touring festivals and fairs a way of life for Matt's Family Jam Spending eight months out of the year touring fairs and festivals might not be the easiest way to raise three kids, but the Rolf … In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:44pm Wed 16 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street moves lower, earnings disappoint By Margreet Dietz 8:27 AM Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets New York Stock Exchange Sharemarket United States Trader Patrick McKeon, centre, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / AP Stocks on both sides of the Atlantic slid amid disappointing results from companies including 3M and Caterpillar. Also hurting sentiment was a report showing US consumer confidence weakened more than expected. And oil fell. "We've had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed[eral Reserve] meeting next week," Jeff Zipper, managing director for investments at Private Client Reserve at US Bank in Palm Beach, Florida, told Reuters. In 2.10pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.4 per cent. In 1.54pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index declined 0.2 per cent. The Dow moved lower as declines in shares of 3M and those of Home Depot, recently down 2.9 per cent and 2.8 per cent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Procter & Gamble and those of United Technologies, recently trading 4.1 per cent and 2.4 per cent higher respectively. 3M lowered its outlook for 2016 sales and earnings. Shares of Caterpillar slid, down 2.2 per cent recently, after the world's No. 1 maker of mining and construction equipment, downgraded its full-year sales and profit outlook because of a "challenged environment." The company now expects sales of US$39 billion, down from a previous estimate for between US$40 billion and US$40.5 billion, it said in a statement. Caterpillar said its expects 2017 sales and revenues "will not be significantly different than 2016." "While we are seeing early signals of improvement in some areas, we continue to face a number of challenges," CEO Doug Oberhelman said in the statement. Continued below. Related Content Apple boosted by iPhone 7 demand, slowing pace of sales decline Fake divorce is path to riches buying hot China real estate Mental health help wait times for youth patients 'appalling' Shares of Whirlpool sank, down 12.1 per cent as of 2.06pm in New York, after the company downgraded its full-year profit outlook. Apple edged higher ahead of the release of its fiscal fourth quarter results after the closing bell. While the iPhone maker is forecast to report lower annual sales, the decline may prove less than some analysts have been expecting in part because of rival Samsung's recent struggles. We've had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed[eral Reserve] meeting next week. Meanwhile, a Conference Board report showed its index of consumer confidence dropped to 98.6 in October from 103.5 in September. To be sure, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies were among companies reporting better-than-expected results. "We're getting some good earnings, but it's still been a fairly mixed picture," Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.4 per cent drop from the previous close amid disappointing results from drugmaker Novartis. Germany's DAX Index inched 0.04 per cent lower, while France's CAC 40 Index fell 0.3 per cent. Bucking the trend, the UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 per cent. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Early plea for Relay for Life There may be more than 3000 hours to go, but the Cancer Society is encouraging teams… Hawke's Bay Today Kiwi staples still in good form I have had a bit of a ruffle through the weekend evening offerings on the little flat… Bay of Plenty Times Letters: Text alerts of no use Like many locals I turn my mobile off at night so the Civil Defence texts are of no use… Our Features' Top Stories Driven 0 - 100: Hop in and take off...really fast 0 to 100 real quick... Viva NZ Music Awards: Matilda Rice gets red-carpet ready Go behind-the-scenes with Matilda Rice to see her chosen beauty look for the VNZMAs… True Commercial East Coast Bays RSA building on market The long-time home of the East Coast Bays RSA — a two-storey property at 13-15 Bute Rd… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 16 Nov 2016 13:44:28 Processing Time: 820ms
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks fall as earnings disappoint Margreet Dietz Wednesday October 26, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on Stocks on both sides of the Atlantic slid amid disappointing results from companies including 3M and Caterpillar. Also, hurting sentiment was a report showing US consumer confidence weakened more than expected. And oil fell. "We've had some mixed earnings and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed[eral Reserve] meeting next week," Florida-based US Bank managing director for investments Jeff Zipper told Reuters. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 53.76 points, or 0.3%, to 18,169.27. The Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.5% to 5283.40 while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index dropped 0.4% to 2143.16. The Dow moved lower as 3M and Home Depot shares dropped, down 2.9% and 2.8% respectively, outweighed gains Procter & Gamble and United Technologies shares, up 4.1 % and 2.4 % higher respectively. 3M lowered its outlook for 2016 sales and earnings. Caterpillar shares slide Shares of Caterpillar slid, down 2.2% after the world's No. 1 maker of mining and construction equipment, downgraded its full-year sales and profit outlook because of a "challenging environment." The company now expects sales of $US39 billion, down from a previous estimate for between $US40-40.5 billion, it says. Caterpillar expects 2017 sales and revenues "will not be significantly different than 2016. "While we are seeing early signals of improvement in some areas, we continue to face a number of challenges," chief executive Doug Oberhelman says. Shares of Whirlpool sank 11% after the company downgraded its full-year profit outlook. Apple edged higher ahead of the release of its fourth-quarter results after the closing bell. While the iPhone maker is forecast to report lower annual sales, the decline may prove less than some analysts have been expecting in part because of rival Samsung's recent struggles. "We're getting some good earnings, but it's still been a fairly mixed picture," New York-based Miller Tabak & Co equity strategist Matt Maley told Bloomberg. Meanwhile, a Conference Board report shows its index of consumer confidence dropped to 98.6 in October from 103.5 in September. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.4% drop from the previous close amid disappointing results from drugmaker Novartis. Germany's DAX Index inched 0.04% lower, while France's CAC 40 Index fell 0.3%. Bucking the trend, the UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5%. (BusinessDesk)   Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7090 0.0000 0.00% AUD 0.9385 -0.0002 -0.02% EUR 0.6604 -0.0006 -0.09% GBP 0.5690 -0.0004 -0.07% HKD 5.4979 -0.0010 -0.02% JPY 77.1690 -0.1070 -0.14% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 8.900 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 2.600 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 2.570 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6821.2 6770.4 0.73% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22270.9 22411.1 22222.2 0.46% NI225 17832.5 17859.8 17668.2 1.02% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 0.06% Most Popular Read Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura IoD's chief executive quits abruptly 'Nil all draw' in NZX vs Ralec case Dutch multinational adds Kiwi tea and coffee brands to its stable Wellington's port damage: How bad is it? Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Professor Anat Admati on bank deposit insurance and making banks safer In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson analyses why the bond market has collapsed and growth is going up John Bowie on grievances between Dame Lowell Goddard and the British government John Key says road and rail links were built a long time ago when less was known about seismic risks 'All of this carry-on about reclaimed land' in earthquake-hit Wellington is 'nonsense' – Sir Bob Jones Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks fall as earnings disappoint

Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Earnings disappoint 7:42 October 26, 2016ArticleComments Off on While you were sleeping: Earnings disappoint Article – BusinessDesk Oct. 26 (BusinessDesk) – Stocks on both sides of the Atlantic slid amid disappointing results from companies including 3M and Caterpillar. While you were sleeping: Earnings disappoint Oct. 26 (BusinessDesk) – Stocks on both sides of the Atlantic slid amid disappointing results from companies including 3M and Caterpillar. Also hurting sentiment was a report showing US consumer confidence weakened more than expected. And oil fell. “We’ve had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed[eral Reserve] meeting next week,” Jeff Zipper, managing director for investments at Private Client Reserve at US Bank in Palm Beach, Florida, told Reuters. In 2.10pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.4 percent. In 1.54pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index declined 0.2 percent. The Dow moved lower as declines in shares of 3M and those of Home Depot, recently down 2.9 percent and 2.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Procter & Gamble and those of United Technologies, recently trading 4.1 percent and 2.4 percent higher respectively. 3M lowered its outlook for 2016 sales and earnings. Shares of Caterpillar slid, down 2.2 percent recently, after the world’s No. 1 maker of mining and construction equipment, downgraded its full-year sales and profit outlook because of a “challenged environment.” The company now expects sales of US$39 billion, down from a previous estimate for between US$40 billion and US$40.5 billion, it said in a statement. Caterpillar said its expects 2017 sales and revenues “will not be significantly different than 2016.” “While we are seeing early signals of improvement in some areas, we continue to face a number of challenges,” CEO Doug Oberhelman said in the statement. Shares of Whirlpool sank, down 12.1 percent as of 2.06pm in New York, after the company downgraded its full-year profit outlook. Apple edged higher ahead of the release of its fiscal fourth quarter results after the closing bell. While the iPhone maker is forecast to report lower annual sales, the decline may prove less than some analysts have been expecting in part because of rival Samsung’s recent struggles. Meanwhile, a Conference Board report showed its index of consumer confidence dropped to 98.6 in October from 103.5 in September. To be sure, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies were among companies reporting better-than-expected results. “We’re getting some good earnings, but it’s still been a fairly mixed picture,” Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.4 percent drop from the previous close amid disappointing results from drugmaker Novartis. Germany’s DAX Index inched 0.04 percent lower, while France’s CAC 40 Index fell 0.3 percent. Bucking the trend, the UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Genesis Energy agrees to buy NZOG’s stake in Kupe field Investore Property’s maiden first-half result as standalone IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules Survey finds little impact on business from OECD tax plan NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect against fraud TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff in Asia ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use

null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Market Movers Midday Movers The Final Round Sportsbook Trending Tickers Andy Serwer Brittany Jones-Cooper Daniel Howley Daniel Roberts David Pogue Ethan Wolff-Mann JP Mangalindan Julia La Roche Melody Hahm Nicole Sinclair Rick Newman Sam Ro Contributors Personal Finance Retirement Lifestyle [Video] Currency Converter Tech Market Data Trending Tickers Stocks: Most Actives Stocks: Gainers Stocks: Losers Top ETFs Commodities World Indices Currencies Top Mutual Funds Most Traded Options by Volume US Treasury Bonds Rates Calendars Industry News Energy Financial Healthcare Business Services Telecom & Utilities Computer Hardware & Electronics Computer Software & Services Industrials Manufacturing & Materials Consumer Products & Media Diversified Business Retailing & Hospitality NEWMy Screeners My Portfolio Sign In U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,180.39 16.19 (0.75%) Dow 30 18,923.06 54.37 (0.29%) U.S. stocks slip on earnings, dollar off highs By Hilary Russ ReutersOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Hilary Russ NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on disappointing earnings reports on Tuesday, while the U.S. dollar slipped from multi-month highs after Bank of England Governor Mark Carney cast doubt on expectations for more monetary stimulus. Oil prices fell more than 1 percent, with U.S. crude breaking below $50 per barrel for a second straight day, ahead of weekly data that could show a build in inventories. On Wall Street, nine of the eleven sectors in the benchmark S&P 500 stock index closed lower, with housing and consumer products companies among those failing to live up to forecasts on third-quarter earnings. Shares of some big names, including Whirlpool , General Motors Co , Caterpillar Inc and 3M , all lost ground. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois. He called the day's earnings report a "mixed bag" for stocks. Another third of the S&P 500 is scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple , Alphabet , Amazon and Boeing . The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. The dollar was a hair lower against a basket of major currencies <.DXY> after touching an eight-month high. Growing expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve would raise interest rates in December had boosted the dollar to its highest level in more than seven months against the euro and about three months against the yen. When BoE policymakers meet next week to consider whether to cut interest rates, they will "undoubtedly" take sterling's weakness into account, BoE Governor Mark Carney told lawmakers on Tuesday. "Carney's comments cast doubt on easing from Europe," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York. Sterling slumped to its lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash" but recovered some of its losses on Carney's remarks. The pound was last down 0.47 percent. In European stocks, mining companies <.SXPP> rose 3.2 percent, lifted in part by Anglo American , up 4.55 percent after its production update. Anglo is the top-performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 <.STOXX> this year. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index <.FTSE> extended gains, closing up 0.45 percent. Germany's DAX <.GDAXI> turned slightly lower, ending down 0.04 percent, after hitting its highest level of the year. The closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations, a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. Metal prices surged, with zinc up 2.37 percent at $2,366.85, but off an earlier three-week high of $2,376. It is up nearly 60 percent from January lows on worries about shortages. Other commodity prices slipped, though, as many are priced in U.S. dollars. U.S. crude oil futures settled 56 cents lower at $49.96 per barrel, down 1.11 percent. (Additional reporting by Sam Forgione and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Bank of England boss warns of rising inflation on Brexit-hit pound AFP Banks could move from UK 18 months before a 'hard Brexit': BoE's Carney Reuters 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Trump-bashed Ford CEO: We are keeping our international plans despite Trump tariff plan CNBC Singapore's Fintech Push Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Google found a way to preserve your photos before they fade forever Yahoo Finance Amazon promises to change its 'Hunger Games' employee review process Business Insider The Latest: Cruz meets with Trump in New York Associated Press Rex Shares' King: Be Cautious in Emerging Markets Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance There's one member of the Trump family who has charmed China CNBC A bunch of celebrities are backing an organic grocery service for middle class moms Yahoo Finance Obama: Where the Democrats went wrong Donnie: Boy is this guy delusional or what??? List for Dems to help win elections 1. Don't blame NRA for terror attacks 2. Don't start a war on Police 3. Don't sue Arizona for trying to protect its US citizens 4. Don't use the IRS to attack your opponents 5. Don't attack the laws of the constitution 6. Don't trade deserters for terrorist 7. Don't fill your cabinets with Columbia attorneys instead of field experts 8. Don't apologize to the free worlds enemies 9. Don't give US weapons to cartels 10. Don't have an energy policy that's starts with a windmill 11. Don't shrink the Navy to dingy and a tug boat 12. Don't fan the flames of a race war 13. Don't call enemies JV team while letting them pillage the free world Another words don't ever elect someone like Barack again!!!!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 668 McDonald's is testing a new Big Mac recipe for the first time in history Business Insider Rand Paul comes out against John Bolton as potential secretary of state: 'The man is a menace' Business Insider Turmoil in Trump Tower Amid Transition Shakeup Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider Obama: Where the Democrats went wrong CNBC Here's how much your Medicare premiums will rise in 2017 CNBC Who Are Donald Trump’s Siblings? IBTimes Is Interest in the Shenzhen Link Fizzling? Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance PepsiCo CEO: Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's election Business Insider Top GOP senator: Trump 'doesn't know anything about' foreign policy Business Insider The simple reason why Snapchat is going public Yahoo Finance United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters Why Spencer Zwick’s Excited About a Trump Presidency Bloomberg Video Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Epic Earnings: Many US Companies Beating Expectations As Season Continues The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 25, 2016 11:52am   Comments Share: It’s an epic earnings day on Wall Street, as a collection of massive U.S. companies report results, including Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) and five other Dow components. Fed speakers and housing data help round out the schedule. Earnings just keep rumbling on here as we near the end of October, and so far, there’s been little not to like. To date, more than 75% of companies have beat expectations, and, in a truly positive sign, nearly 80% have beaten Wall Street’s consensus estimates on the revenue side of the coin. Futures trading pointed toward a slightly higher open. Approximately 180 S&P 500 companies report results this week, and it seems like a big portion of them come today. Among the big names are Merck & Co., Inc (NYSE: MRK), Eli Lilly and Co (NYSE: LLY), 3M Co (NYSE: MMM), and E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (NYSE: DD). And waiting in the wings is Apple, which reports after the close (see below). Expect the flavor of the market this week to mostly be shaped by individual company earnings stories, and remember, there’s still a lot to come after today, with names like Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO), Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) on tap in the coming days. By the end of the week, investors should have pretty good insight into the health of big U.S. companies. Earlier today, another biggie reported, as Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) surpassed earnings per share estimates but didn’t match Wall Street analysts’ estimates on revenue. The company also lowered its full-year guidance, and, in a statement, cited “economic weakness throughout the world.” But MRK shares zoomed up 3% early Tuesday after the company solidly beat on earnings and revenue. 3M, Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) and DD also beat estimates. Bond prices remain under pressure, in part from solid U.S. economic data, and the yield on U.S. 10-year Treasury bonds is back above 1.75%. It’s also noteworthy that the yield curve is on its way up, meaning the spread between short-term and longer-term yields is increasing. This can be a positive factor for the financial sector, and sure enough, financials are up nearly 2% over the last week, solidly ahead of the broader market. Consumer confidence reached nine-year highs last month, and we’ll find out if that lasted into October when the Conference Board reports at 10 a.m. ET today. Perhaps a better measure of consumer confidence is durable goods data, due Thursday morning. And the Case-Shiller 20-city housing index and the FHFA Housing Index, both out this morning, might also provide more insight into the consumer economy. Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart speaks this afternoon. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans made some dovish remarks on Monday about potentially keeping the federal funds rate lower for longer. M&A Volume Scampering Up: Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity is picking up here in Q4, with the biggest recent deal the $85 billion agreement for AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) to purchase Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX). That was just one of a few recent deals totaling nearly $240 billion that have a chance to make 2016 the second-biggest M&A year on record after 2015 if just a handful of the current deals come to fruition, Bloomberg noted. M&A activity became rather sluggish in the wake of the Great Recession, falling well over 50% on a value basis between 2007 and 2009 before waking up and slowly growing until the record activity of last year. A relatively slow-growing economy that makes it hard for companies to out-perform, combined with low interest rates that provide easy access to financing, often can make M&A seem more attractive. On the other hand, the agreement between T and TWX appears to face a challenging regulatory scrutiny, and politicians from both major parties expressed concern that the deal could concentrate too much power in too few hands. We’ll see what ultimately gets done with this one. Are Samsung’s Struggles Handing AAPL a Bigger Slice of Market? As anyone who’s been on an airplane flight recently probably knows, airlines have banned Samsung’s Galaxy 7 phone because it might be a fire hazard, and the phone has been recalled. Did this steer additional customers to Apple, which reports earnings after the close today? That’s one thing to keep an eye on, and investors might also be curious to see how AAPL’s new iPhone 7 did during its first months on the market. Though the iPhone 7 and Samsung’s struggles could take the headlines, it’s also worth watching to see if AAPL continues to see falling sales overall, as it has the last two quarters. The phone market keeps getting tougher, and in Q2, AAPL’s sales fell 15% from a year earlier, the second quarter in a row of falling sales. For Q3, analysts surveyed by Briefing.com expect earnings per share of $1.65, down from $1.96 a year ago, but the company’s share price remains near its high for the year. Going Opposite Ways? Stocks were tracking crude oil rather closely last week, but the relationship appeared to break down a little on Monday, as the S&P 500 Index (Index: SPX) rose nearly 0.5% while front-month U.S. crude futures fell around the same amount, dipping below $50 a barrel during the session before recovering slightly. Pressure on oil came from the fundamental side, as Iraq said it wouldn’t necessarily abide by an OPEC output freeze. But later in the day, Iran said it would encourage other countries to join. Oil futures have been trading back and forth near the $50 level for several weeks, perhaps a sign of how difficult it is to pierce this mark. Last week saw 11 new oil rigs added to U.S. production, according to the Baker Hughes weekly report, if anyone needed a reminder that higher prices often lead to more U.S. drilling, which can lead to lower prices.   TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: Earnings News Broad U.S. Equity ETFs Guidance Commodities Events Global Econ #s © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Technical Alert: Apple Higher Here's Every Analyst Rating And Price Target On Target Ahead Of Q3 Earnings Amazon Vs. President-Elect Trump: Should Investors Be Concerned? Apple Doesn't Set The Table Anymore The Market In 5 Minutes: Carl Icahn, Mary Jo White And Rudy Giuliani Making News View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 TOUR, HAR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JDST, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Fo... 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' M... 5 AMZN, RATE: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 GLNG, JD: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday ... 7 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrade... 1 EURL, EUFS: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 2 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 3 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unnecessarily 4 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 5 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 6 BRK-A, DAL: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta Air Short... 7 SPY: Ray Dalio: Trump Era Will Have A 'Big I... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Goldman Sachs Reinstates Neutral On Lam Research, Bullish On Long Term Survey: 84% Of Investors Expect AT&T-Time Warner Deal Approval
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Consumer Companies Raise Doubts on Economy as U.S. Stocks Slide Anna-Louise Jackson aljax7 October 25, 2016 — 5:28 AM EDT Updated on October 25, 2016 — 4:59 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Moore: Nimble, Different Companies Capture Growth Home-improvement, homebuilding stocks fall to multi-month lows Double-digit slumps for Under Armour, Whirlpool, Sonic Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The American consumer might not be as healthy as investors thought. Disappointing results from fast-food chains to makers of appliances, sports apparel and home-renovation products sparked a selloff in consumer-discretionary stocks amid speculation the economy’s biggest engine is sputtering. The S&P 500 Index fell 0.4 percent to 2,143.16 at 4 p.m. in New York, slipping from a two-week high and closing near its average price during the past 100 days. Apple Inc. declined in after-hours trading following its earnings report. Sonic Corp. plummeted 17 percent, Under Armour Inc. sank the most in almost eight years and Whirlpool Corp. lost 11 percent, rattling investors who anticipated recent signs of wage inflation would embolden spending by American households. Data Tuesday showed consumer confidence fell more than forecast amid concern about the pace of growth. Ahead of Friday’s third-quarter gross domestic product report, lackluster consumer earnings point to possible weakness in the largest component of the American economy. Apple lost 2.1 percent as of 4:57 p.m., even as it predicted higher-than-expected holiday sales, after its fiscal-fourth quarter sales and earnings were mostly in line with analysts’ estimates. “The consumer confidence number really took me by surprise, but we had that bad retail sales report two months ago and then a decent rebound,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist with Wells Fargo Funds Management LLC, which oversees $242 billion. “Reports on U.S. consumers are following more of a saw-tooth pattern which makes it tough to discern the trend.” Weakness in consumer stocks isn’t new this year. While still the bull market’s leader, the group is the S&P 500’s second-worst performer in 2016 with a gain of just 1.3 percent, on pace for its weakest year since 2008. Similarly, groups of homebuilding and home-improvement stocks are on track for their worst years in a comparable period. “These stocks have really been stalling or showing some underperformance for the last year or so,” said Jonathan Krinsky, chief market technician at MKM Partners LLC in New York. “I don’t want to buy these names, but to me I’m not viewing it as a reason to sell the broad market.” Consumer-discretionary shares fell 1.2 percent, the worst in six weeks. Mohawk Industries Inc. dropped as the maker of residential flooring reported disappointing earnings. Weak results from paint maker Sherwin-Williams Co. helped drag Home Depot Inc. and Lowe’s Inc. down more than 3.4 percent. 3M Co. fell to a five-month low after trimming the top end of its profit outlook. General Motors Co. saw the steepest slide since August amid concerns industrywide U.S. sales are about to plateau after a record six years of gains. Not all reports were bad, even in the consumer sector. Procter & Gamble Co., which has spent years paring down its sprawling consumer-products empire, climbed the most in 14 months amid signs of renewed sales growth. United Technologies Corp. and Merck & Co. added at least 1.8 percent as results topped estimates. The three had the best gains in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which slipped 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. About 6.3 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, in line with the three-month average. “We’re getting some good earnings, but it’s still been a fairly mixed picture,” said Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co. LLC in New York. “They’re going to come out a little better than expected, but not great. My concern is that, with the dollar acting the way it is, the expectations for fourth quarter and first half 2017 earnings are going to be a little more subdued than they were just a few months ago.” The S&P 500 has been stuck in a 64-point trading range after reaching a record in August, as investors assess the likely trajectory of interest rates, the strength of corporate profits and economic data. The index hasn’t climbed for three consecutive sessions in more than a month as it struggles for direction. It trades at 18.2 times forecast earnings, the highest since at least 2009, and is 2.2 percent from its all-time high. More than a third of S&P 500 members are scheduled to post earnings this week, including Alphabet Inc., Coca-Cola Co., Amazon.com Inc. and Boeing Co. Analysts now predict year-on-year profit at S&P 500 members will be flat once the third-quarter reporting is finished, better than projections for a 1.5 percent contraction a month ago. Investors are also parsing economic reports and comments by policy makers for hints on the timing of the Federal Reserve’s next interest-rate increase. Along with the measure today on consumer confidence, releases on durable goods orders and gross domestic product are due later this week.  Traders are pricing less than one-in-five odds of a hike at the Fed’s next meeting, which takes place days before the presidential election, and a 73 percent chance of action in December, up 10 percentage points from a week ago. “Third-quarter earnings look like they will be a little better than expected, which is key,” said Patrick Spencer, London-based vice chairman of equities at Robert W. Baird, which manages $151 billion. “We’ve got concerns with regard to higher rates in December. That’s what’s dampening some of the enthusiasm.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Stocks Earnings S&P 500 Index Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Posted 25 Oct 2016 19:30 Updated 26 Oct 2016 05:25 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple , the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool , down 10.8 percent to US$152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to US$247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at US$123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to US$68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to US$86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to US$32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to US$166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Stocks Slip on 3Q Earnings Results ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Stocks Slip on 3Q Earnings Results Published October 25, 2016 Stocks Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and outlooks from companies in various sectors, including housing and consumer products, failed to live up to expectations. Continue Reading Below Whirlpool <WHR.N> cited soft demand as it posted lower-than- expected earnings and gave an underwhelming guidance, while Sherwin Williams' <SHW.N> outlook was also a disappointment for Wall Street, an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot <HD.N>, which was down 3.3 percent at $123.60 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. 3M <MMM.N> fell 3 percent to $166.14 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. But overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 45.71 points, or 0.25 percent, to 18,177.32, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 7.49 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,143.84 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 28.13 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,281.70. Caterpillar <CAT.N> slipped 1.7 percent after giving a downbeat forecast, while General Motors <GM.N> fell 4.3 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble <PG.N> rose 3.9 percent to $87.35 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour <UA.N> fell 13.1 percent to $32.94 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.51-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.16-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 57 new highs and 71 new lows.   (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Move To The Downside Amid Slew Of Earnings News - U.S. Commentary 10/25/2016 10:51 AM ET Stocks are seeing modest weakness in early trading on Tuesday, partly offsetting the gains posted in the previous session. In recent trading, the major averages have seen some further downside, hitting new lows for the session. The Dow is down 55.30 points or 0.3 percent at 18,167.73, the Nasdaq is down 21.31 points or 0.4 percent at 5,288.52 and the S&P 500 is down 8.14 points or 0.4 percent at 2,143.19. The weakness on Wall Street comes as traders react to the latest batch of earnings news, with a number of big-name companies releasing their quarterly results. Shares of Sonic (SONC) have fallen sharply on the day after the fast food chain reported better than expected fiscal fourth quarter earnings but provided disappointing guidance. Sportswear maker Under Amour (UA) has also come under pressure after the company said its growth rate going forward will be less than expected. On the other hand, shares of Procter & Gamble (PG) have shown a strong move to the upside after the consumer products giant reported fiscal first quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates. 3M (MMM), Caterpillar (CAT), and DuPont (DD) are among the other well known companies that released their quarterly results on the day, while tech giant Apple (AAPL) is due to release its results after the close. In economic news, the Conference Board released a report showing a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in the month of October. The Conference Board said its consumer confidence index fell to 98.6 in October after climbing to 103.5 in September. Economists had expected the index to drop to 101.0. "Consumers' assessment of current business and employment conditions softened, while optimism regarding the short-term outlook retreated somewhat," said Lynn Franco, Director of Economic Indicators at the Conference Board. She added, "Overall, sentiment is that the economy will continue to expand in the near-term, but at a moderate pace." Housing stocks have shown a significant move to the downside on the day, dragging the Philadelphia Housing Sector Index down by 1.9 percent. With the drop, the index has fallen to its lowest levels in nearly four months. Networking stocks have also shown a notable move to the downside, while some strength is visible among gold stocks. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index advanced by 0.8 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index edged down by 0.2 percent. The major European markets have also turned mixed on the day. While the French CAC 40 Index has edged down by 0.2 percent, the German DAX Index is up by 0.1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is up by 0.6 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have moved to the upside as the day has progressed. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 1.4 basis points at 1.749 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Aims At Higher Opening Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 European Shares Cling To Gains After Data Deluge FTSE 100 Breaches 6800 As Pound Extends Slide CAC 40 Extends Gains As Oil Rallies DAX Gives Up Early Gains <<Previous        50 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Business Home LBoard FMT LETTERS Teachers are not BN’s private property Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Wall Street opens flat as investors assess earnings Reuters | October 25, 2016 Of the 120 companies that have reported so far, 78 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. NEW YORK: Wall Street opened little changed on Tuesday as investors assessed quarterly earnings from some big names and awaited results from Apple. Dow component Merck fell 1.3 percent to $59.90, while Eli Lilly fell 2.5 percent to $75.59. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, was up 0.12 percent at $117.79. 3M fell 1.9 percent to $167.97 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Procter & Gamble rose 3.9 percent to $87.50 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.1 percent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 120 companies that have reported so far, 78 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. “Investors are looking at earnings which have been okay for the most part,” said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey. “It’s not just the numbers that investors are looking at but also what the companies are saying especially about the big macro picture.” Investors will also be keeping an eye on consumer confidence numbers for October which are expected to have fallen slightly. That data is expected at 10 a.m. At 9:45 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 12.47 points, or 0.07 percent, at 18,210.56, the S&P 500 was down 2.01 points, or 0.09 percent, at 2,149.32 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 1.87 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,307.96. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the consumer discretionary index’s 0.78 percent fall leading the decliners. The S&P 500 hit a two-week high on Monday, helped by strong earnings, while a flurry of acquisitions indicated corporate America continues to see untapped value in the market. Global stocks were also higher on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Oil edged up ahead of the release of US crude inventory data, which in recent weeks has provided bullish surprises, but top-level comments from OPEC members regarding chances of an output cut kept a lid on prices. The dollar index was up 0.26 percent at 99.02 against a basket of major currencies, its highest level since early February. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Whirlpool fell 9.8 percent at $153.61 after the home appliances maker’s revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. Under Armour fell 14.3 percent to $32.40 after the sportswear maker reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,432 to 1,143. On the Nasdaq, 1,190 issues fell and 1,000 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed nine new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 24 new lows. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story UN gets reports of massacres by Islamic State around Mosul Windfall at Tata’s Port Talbot unlikely to change long-term outlook ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News RM55 for a stray dog: Johor prince takes council to task PKR MP questions Jamal’s ‘extraordinary’… Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be Zuraida tanya, siapa benarkan Jamal naik helikopter Lawyers to monitor Bersih 5 rally No more ringgit, say some S’pore moneychangers Suicide victim Shukri was a good man, says neighbour Liow: No plans to wipe out 1.6m outstanding AES summonses Is Zaid angling for a run as MP? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Is Zaid angling for a run as MP? Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Selling ideas in yellow and red shirts When will our elections be shariah compliant? Ahli politik di depan orang dan belakang tabir When electoral systems fail to reflect voter preference More... FMT Bahasa Dr Mahathir lagi lantang, jadi kenapa saya, soal Zaid Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih Tiada caj baharu jika terpaksa duduk di wad kelas 2, kata menteri Saman AES RM150, kata menteri Putera Johor tegur PBT tawar RM55 tangkap anjing liar More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St opens flat as investors assess earnings US STOCKS-Wall St opens flat as investors assess earnings Source : Last Updated: Tue, Oct 25, 2016 19:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Procter & Gamble rises after profit beats expectations * Whirlpool falls after strong dollar weighs on revenue * Apple to report results after market close * Indexes down: Dow 0.07 pct, S&P 0.09 pct, Nasdaq 0.04 pct (Updates to open) By Tanya Agrawal Oct 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street opened little changed on Tuesday as investors assessed quarterly earnings from some big names and awaited results from Apple. Dow component Merck fell 1.3 percent to $59.90, while Eli Lilly fell 2.5 percent to $75.59. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, was up 0.12 percent at $117.79. 3M fell 1.9 percent to $167.97 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Procter & Gamble rose 3.9 percent to $87.50 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.1 percent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 120 companies that have reported so far, 78 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. "Investors are looking at earnings which have been okay for the most part," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey. "It's not just the numbers that investors are looking at but also what the companies are saying especially about the big macro picture." Investors will also be keeping an eye on consumer confidence numbers for October which are expected to have fallen slightly. That data is expected at 10 a.m. ET (1400 GMT). At 9:45 a.m. ET (1345 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was down 12.47 points, or 0.07 percent, at 18,210.56, the S&P 500 was down 2.01 points, or 0.09 percent, at 2,149.32 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 1.87 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,307.96. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the consumer discretionary index's 0.78 percent fall leading the decliners. The S&P 500 hit a two-week high on Monday, helped by strong earnings, while a flurry of acquisitions indicated corporate America continues to see untapped value in the market. Global stocks were also higher on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Oil edged up ahead of the release of U.S. crude inventory data, which in recent weeks has provided bullish surprises, but top-level comments from OPEC members regarding chances of an output cut kept a lid on prices. The dollar index was up 0.26 percent at 99.02 against a basket of major currencies, its highest level since early February. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Whirlpool fell 9.8 percent at $153.61 after the home appliances maker's revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. Under Armour fell 14.3 percent to $32.40 after the sportswear maker reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,432 to 1,143. On the Nasdaq, 1,190 issues fell and 1,000 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed nine new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 24 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Market Movers Midday Movers The Final Round Sportsbook Trending Tickers Andy Serwer Brittany Jones-Cooper Daniel Howley Daniel Roberts David Pogue Ethan Wolff-Mann JP Mangalindan Julia La Roche Melody Hahm Nicole Sinclair Rick Newman Sam Ro Contributors Personal Finance Retirement Lifestyle [Video] Currency Converter Tech Market Data Trending Tickers Stocks: Most Actives Stocks: Gainers Stocks: Losers Top ETFs Commodities World Indices Currencies Top Mutual Funds Most Traded Options by Volume US Treasury Bonds Rates Calendars Industry News Energy Financial Healthcare Business Services Telecom & Utilities Computer Hardware & Electronics Computer Software & Services Industrials Manufacturing & Materials Consumer Products & Media Diversified Business Retailing & Hospitality NEWMy Screeners My Portfolio Sign In U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,180.39 16.19 (0.75%) Dow 30 18,923.06 54.37 (0.29%) Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results By Rodrigo Campos ReutersOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple <AAPL.O>, the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures <ESc1> to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool <WHR.N>, down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' <SHW.N> outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot <HD.N>, which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos <LOW.N> fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble <PG.N> rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour <UA.N> fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices <CLc1> <LCOc1> after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M <MMM.N> fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar <CAT.N> lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors <GM.N> fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year The Verge LeBron James slams Phil Jackson for using term 'posse' Associated Press 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room, teen detained Associated Press Amazon is taking counterfeit sellers to court for the first time CNBC.com Trump-bashed Ford CEO: We are keeping our international plans despite Trump tariff plan CNBC It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters Singapore's Fintech Push Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Google found a way to preserve your photos before they fade forever Yahoo Finance Amazon promises to change its 'Hunger Games' employee review process Business Insider There's one member of the Trump family who has charmed China CNBC 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Rex Shares' King: Be Cautious in Emerging Markets Bloomberg Video Obama: Where the Democrats went wrong Donnie: Boy is this guy delusional or what??? List for Dems to help win elections 1. Don't blame NRA for terror attacks 2. Don't start a war on Police 3. Don't sue Arizona for trying to protect its US citizens 4. Don't use the IRS to attack your opponents 5. Don't attack the laws of the constitution 6. Don't trade deserters for terrorist 7. Don't fill your cabinets with Columbia attorneys instead of field experts 8. Don't apologize to the free worlds enemies 9. Don't give US weapons to cartels 10. Don't have an energy policy that's starts with a windmill 11. Don't shrink the Navy to dingy and a tug boat 12. Don't fan the flames of a race war 13. Don't call enemies JV team while letting them pillage the free world Another words don't ever elect someone like Barack again!!!!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 668 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance A bunch of celebrities are backing an organic grocery service for middle class moms Yahoo Finance McDonald's is testing a new Big Mac recipe for the first time in history Business Insider Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider ConocoPhillips Was Right to Split Bloomberg Turmoil in Trump Tower Amid Transition Shakeup Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Obama: Where the Democrats went wrong CNBC Here's how much your Medicare premiums will rise in 2017 CNBC PepsiCo CEO: Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's election Business Insider Who’s Going to Pay for Trump’s Huge Infrastructure Plans? The Fiscal Times Is Interest in the Shenzhen Link Fizzling? Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Top GOP senator: Trump 'doesn't know anything about' foreign policy Business Insider The simple reason why Snapchat is going public Yahoo Finance Inflation, manufacturing, and Snapchat — What you need to know Wednesday in markets Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St opens flat as investors assess earnings By Reuters Published: 10:00 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 10:00 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street opened little changed on Tuesday as investors assessed quarterly earnings from some big names and awaited results from Apple. Dow component Merck fell 1.3 percent to $59.90, while Eli Lilly fell 2.5 percent to $75.59. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, was up 0.12 percent at $117.79. 3M fell 1.9 percent to $167.97 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Procter & Gamble rose 3.9 percent to $87.50 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.1 percent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 120 companies that have reported so far, 78 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. "Investors are looking at earnings which have been okay for the most part," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey. "It's not just the numbers that investors are looking at but also what the companies are saying especially about the big macro picture." Investors will also be keeping an eye on consumer confidence numbers for October which are expected to have fallen slightly. That data is expected at 10 a.m. ET (1400 GMT). At 9:45 a.m. ET (1345 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was down 12.47 points, or 0.07 percent, at 18,210.56, the S&P 500 was down 2.01 points, or 0.09 percent, at 2,149.32 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 1.87 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,307.96. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the consumer discretionary index's 0.78 percent fall leading the decliners. The S&P 500 hit a two-week high on Monday, helped by strong earnings, while a flurry of acquisitions indicated corporate America continues to see untapped value in the market. Global stocks were also higher on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Oil edged up ahead of the release of U.S. crude inventory data, which in recent weeks has provided bullish surprises, but top-level comments from OPEC members regarding chances of an output cut kept a lid on prices. The dollar index was up 0.26 percent at 99.02 against a basket of major currencies, its highest level since early February. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Whirlpool fell 9.8 percent at $153.61 after the home appliances maker's revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. Under Armour fell 14.3 percent to $32.40 after the sportswear maker reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,432 to 1,143. On the Nasdaq, 1,190 issues fell and 1,000 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed nine new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 24 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Business Day|As Some Big Names Disappoint, Market Dips Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2eB1mRf Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Business Day As Some Big Names Disappoint, Market Dips By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSOCT. 25, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo The New York Stock Exchange. Investors closely followed third-quarter results on Tuesday. Credit Lucas Jackson/Reuters Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like the appliance maker Whirlpool and the athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market, and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers would spend less on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But shares of companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares and also bid up the price of gold. Consumer spending is critical to the economy, and poor results for consumer-focused companies could be a sign of trouble. But Doug Roman, managing director of equities for PNC Capital Advisors, said it was too soon to know if shoppers were closing their wallets. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “The market might be extrapolating bigger stories into broader themes, which might not be the case,” he said. Corporate earnings have been falling for more than a year, and despite the results on Tuesday, investors are growing hopeful that streak is ending. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index lost 8.17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite fell 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. The Dow Minute by Minute Position of the Dow Jones industrial average at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. 18,250 18,225 Previous close 18,223.03 18,200 18,175 18,150 10 a.m. Noon 2 p.m. 4 p.m. Source: Reuters OCT. 25, 2016 By The New York Times Sherwin-Williams, the maker of paints and coatings, posted a disappointing profit and cut its annual guidance because of slower sales growth combined with spending on new stores. Whirlpool’s results fell far short of analyst projections. Sherwin-Williams had its worst day in seven years as it lost $30.27, or 10.9 percent, to $247.61. Whirlpool, which owns Maytag and KitchenAid, sank $18.37, or 10.8 percent, to $152.09, its largest loss in five years. Under Armour reported its slowest sales growth in six years and said its future sales would not be as strong as it expected a year ago. Its stock tumbled $5.01, or 13.2 percent, to $32.89, its biggest drop in almost eight years. Its rival Nike also slipped. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, had its best day in more than a year after it reported better results than investors expected. The consumer products giant has been selling some businesses to cut costs, and it posted stronger sales of personal care products like toothbrushes and deodorants. Its stock rose $2.87, or 3.4 percent, to $86.97. The aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin surpassed investor forecasts and raised its projections for the year. Its stock gained $17.00, or 7.3 percent, to $249.26, its biggest leap in seven years. Earnings releases continued to stream in after the market closed. Apple reported lower quarterly sales and sold fewer iPhones, sending its stock down about 2 percent in late trading. The company did give a better-than-expected forecast for the holiday season. 2-Year Treasury Notes High yield in percent. 1.2 % 1.0 0.855% 0.8 0.6 ’15 ’16 OCT. 25, 2016 By The New York Times Also on Tuesday, Baker Hughes, an oil and gas drilling services company, disclosed a smaller loss than expected. Investors were also pleased that the company was preparing to cut more costs. Baker Hughes said it planned to eliminate $650 million in spending this year, up from the $500 million it had planned to cut. Its stock climbed $2.24, or 4.3 percent, to $54.39. Advertisement Continue reading the main story The drugmaker Merck raised its forecasts after it reported a bigger profit thanks to greater sales of vaccines and cancer treatments. The company has also been trying to keep its spending in check. The stock rose $1.21, or 2 percent, to $61.95. The 3M Company, which makes Post-it Notes, industrial coatings and ceramics, forecast weaker sales growth and a smaller profit for the year. The stock declined $5.04, or 2.9 percent, to $166.23. Nielsen, the media and marketing information company, took its biggest loss ever after it reported shaky results and cut its guidance. Nielsen stock tumbled $9.28, or 16.9 percent, to $45.65. Benchmark crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.76 percent from 1.77 percent. Investors bought shares of utility companies and sought out precious metals amid uncertainty. The price of gold futures for October delivery rose $9.90 to $1,271.90 an ounce on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The dollar slipped to 104.19 yen from 104.21 yen. The euro rose to $1.0888 from $1.0872. A version of this article appears in print on October 26, 2016, on page B5 of the New York edition with the headline: As Some Big Names Disappoint, Market Dips. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Stocks close in the red on mixed earnings Wall Street reacts to an avalanche of profit reports; Apple reports after the closing bell Post to Facebook Stocks close in the red on mixed earnings Wall Street reacts to an avalanche of profit reports; Apple reports after the closing bell  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fbZaQI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Stocks close in the red on mixed earnings Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EDT October 25, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Stocks returned to the red after a choppy morning as a sales warning from Under Armour dragged on other apparel stocks. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook Trader Patrick McKeon, center, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Oct. 24, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (Photo: Richard Drew, AP) U.S. stocks fell Tuesday as investors digest an avalanche of corporate earnings that were mixed, with blue chip consumer-products maker Procter & Gamble faring well but others like heavy equipment maker Caterpillar disappointing Wall Street. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 54 points, or 0.3%, to close at 18,169. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index fell 0.4% to 2143 and the Nasdaq composite was 0.5% lower to 5283. Wall Street got a large slate of earnings reports from Dow components, including well-received reports from P&G (PG), which reported organic growth of 3%, as well as United Technologies (UTX), and drug maker Merck (MRK), which topped forecast with the help of strong sales of its cancer drug Keytruda. But the good news was offset by weaker-than-expected results from companies like 3M (MMM) and Caterpillar (CAT), which cut its earnings view for the remainder of 2016, citing sluggish sales of its heavy equipment. P&G shares rose 3.4%. Merck's stock rose  2%. And United Technologies shares jumped 1.9%. Caterpillar fell 1.8% and 3M fell 3%. Shares of Dow component and chemical giant DuPont (DD) fell 0.7% despite topping profit and sales forecast and boosting its full-year 2016 earnings outlook. 3M shares fell 3% and Caterpillar's stock was unchanged. Caterpillar's outgoing CEO Doug Oberhelman, who is retiring later this year, painted a gloomy picture of the global economy, noting that "economic weakness throughout much of the world persists," in a press release containing the company's earnings results. USA TODAY History suggests S&P set up for future gains With the presidential election now two weeks away, investors are also bracing for the homestretch of the campaign and gearing up for any potential surprises. Stocks have held up nicely in recent sessions as the third-quarter earnings season has gotten off to a better-than-expected start. Earnings growth for the July-thru-September quarter is above 1% currently, which has raised hopes that the quarterly streak of contracting earnings growth will end at four. In economic news, consumer confidence fell more than expected in October, according to the Conference Board. But data on the U.S. housing market remained solid. The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U.S. home price index rose 0.2% in August and another index that tracks purchase prices saw an uptick of 0.7% in August, according to FHFA. iPhone maker Apple reports its quarterly profit results after today's closing bell. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fbZaQI
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Posted 25 Oct 2016 19:30 Updated 26 Oct 2016 05:25 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple , the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool , down 10.8 percent to US$152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to US$247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at US$123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to US$68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to US$86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to US$32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to US$166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open flat as investors assess earnings By Reuters Published: 09:01 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 09:01 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set to open little changed on Tuesday as investors assess a host of quarterly earnings from big names and await results from Apple. Dow component Merck rose 2.2 percent to $62.10 in premarket trading, while Procter & Gamble was up 2.6 percent at $86.34 after reporting earnings above expectations. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, was up 0.37 percent at $118.08. Annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.1 percent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 120 companies that have reported so far, 78 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. "Investors are looking at earnings which have been okay for the most part," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey. "It's not just the numbers that investors are looking at but also what the companies are saying especially about the big macro picture." Investors will also be keeping an eye on consumer confidence numbers for October which are expected to have fallen slightly. That data is expected at 10 a.m. ET (1400 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.5 points, or 0.12 percent, with 94,687 contracts traded at 8:34 a.m. ET (1234 GMT). Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 9.5 points, or 0.19 percent, on volume of 18,618 contracts. Dow e-minis were up 16 points, or 0.09 percent, with 17,963 contracts changing hands. The S&P 500 hit a two-week high on Monday, helped by strong earnings, while a flurry of acquisitions indicated corporate America continues to see untapped value in the market. Global stocks were also higher on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Oil edged up ahead of the release of U.S. crude inventory data, which in recent weeks has provided bullish surprises, but top-level comments from OPEC members regarding chances of an output cut kept a lid on prices. The dollar index was little changed at 98.83 against a basket of major currencies, after touching its highest level since early February, last week. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. Whirlpool fell 6 percent at $163.23 after the home appliances maker's revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. 3M fell 2.2 percent to $167.50 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar slipped 1.7 percent to $84.55 after reporting a sharply lower quarterly profit. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Procter & Gamble Q1 Results Beat View; Affirms FY17 Outlook Procter & Gamble Q1 Results Beat View; Affirms FY17 Outlook Tuesday, 25 October 2016 (3 weeks ago) Consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble Co. on Tuesday reported a 4 percent increase in profit for the first quarter from last year on a slight decline in sales. However, both revenue and core earnings per share for the quarter beat analysts' estimates. In addition, the company affirmed its financial outlook for fiscal 2017. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat RETAIL Sales Data - U.S. Commentary US RETAIL SALES see strong growth Retail, WPI INFLATION cools; raises hope of RBI rate cut Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK GOVERNMENT input Inflation, Taylor Wimpey, BREXIT: Business news in brief Tuesday 15 November GOOGLE's plans to build huge new London HQ for 7,000 employees hailed as 'major vote of confidence' for Brexit Britain Newsonomics: Fake-news fury forces Google and FACEBOOK to change policy ​Google, Facebook, TWITTER, others have 30-item wish list for Trump Eurozone Q3 growth solid despite Brexit vote, Trump ELECTION overshadows outlook VODAFONE beats expectations as it continues to monitor Brexit implications Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gwen Ifill Barack Obama Mike Pence Nicolas Sarkozy Current Topics Oklahoma City Paul Ryan Sexiest Man Man Alive Students Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Stocks, commodities climb as economic confidence rises By Reuters Published: 08:27 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 08:27 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Marc Jones LONDON, Oct 25 (Reuters) - World markets had a swagger about them on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Wall Street was set to tick higher with consumer confidence figures due and analysts already tucking into healthy-looking earnings from Procter & Gamble, General Motors and drugs giant Merck, but also a profit downgrade from Caterpillar. Europe had been cheered as Germany's Dax hit its highest level of the year after the closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. The region's mining firms were the standout performers though. They hit a 14-month top as zinc surged to a five-year peak and iron ore reached its highest since mid-2014, all of which should pick up the pulse of inflation globally. "We are seeing a pick-up of economic activity against the backdrop of only one central bank - the Fed - that is likely to tighten policy and that is supporting asset markets," said CMC Markets senior analyst Michael Hewson. In foreign exchange markets, the dollar took a breather having reached its highest since early February against other top currencies as traders continued to add to the bets on a December U.S. interest rate rise <_0FF:_>. China's yuan went the other way, hitting its lowest since "offshore" trading was introduced in 2010 as Beijing nudged down official rates again. It traded as soft as 6.7882 yuan per dollar. The currency's fall of more than 1.5 percent since the end of September has stirred renewed suspicion of a possible extended slide in the yuan, even though officials have reiterated their expectations for a stable currency. But the weakness has revived memories of a shock yuan devaluation last August and another rapid depreciation early this year - falls that triggered a bout of global market turmoil. Analysts pointed out, however, that during this round of yuan weakness, global risk sentiment was holding up. "That highlights the extent to which dollar gains are unlikely to be as extended as they were (in the past)," said BNP Paribas currency strategist Sam Lynton-Brown, in London. GOLDEN MINERS The cheer around the mining sector was increased further as a production update thrust London-listed giant Anglo American's shares up over 3 percent to take their gains this year to almost 270 percent. The staggering rise has made Anglo the top performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent to close at a six-month high as a softening yen burnished the outlook for the country's exporters. Australian stocks added 0.6 percent and Taiwan 0.7 percent. Wall Street was taking encouragement from upbeat corporate results. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings later this week, including heavyweights Apple , Alphabet, Amazon and Boeing. Merger and acquisition activity added extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. Safe-haven bonds were feeling the strain of the bullish mood elsewhere with U.S. Treasury yields up to almost 1.78 percent again and European yields creeping higher. In commodities, oil prices briefly dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 5 cents at $51.41 a barrel, while U.S. crude hovered at $50.50. But going the other way were metals with zinc, nickel, copper and tin all shining and Chinese iron ore futures reaching their highest since August 2014. Coal prices also reached new peaks after weeks of gains, a prop for the Australian dollar as the two commodities are the country's biggest export earners. Another mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3333 from a peak at C$1.3398. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Mark Heinrich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral U.S. stocks slip on earnings, dollar off highs By Hilary Russ25 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Hilary Russ NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on disappointing earnings reports on Tuesday, while the U.S. dollar slipped from multi-month highs after Chancellor Governor Mark Carney cast doubt on expectations for more monetary stimulus. Oil prices fell more than 1 percent, with U.S. crude breaking below $50 per barrel for a second straight day, ahead of weekly data that could show a build in inventories. On Wall Street, nine of the eleven sectors in the benchmark S&P 500 stock index closed lower, with housing and consumer products companies among those failing to live up to forecasts on third-quarter earnings. Shares of some big names, including Whirlpool, General Motors Co, Caterpillar Inc and 3M, all lost ground. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois. He called the day's earnings report a "mixed bag" for stocks. Another third of the S&P 500 is scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple, Alphabet, Amazon and Boeing. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. The dollar was a hair lower against a basket of major currencies after touching an eight-month high. Growing expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve would raise interest rates in December had boosted the dollar to its highest level in more than seven months against the euro and about three months against the yen. When BoE policymakers meet next week to consider whether to cut interest rates, they will "undoubtedly" take sterling's weakness into account, BoE Governor Mark Carney told lawmakers on Tuesday. "Carney's comments cast doubt on easing from Europe," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York. Sterling slumped to its lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash" but recovered some of its losses on Carney's remarks. The pound was last down 0.47 percent. In European stocks, mining companies rose 3.2 percent, lifted in part by Anglo American, up 4.55 percent after its production update. Anglo is the top-performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index extended gains, closing up 0.45 percent. Germany's DAX turned slightly lower, ending down 0.04 percent, after hitting its highest level of the year. The closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations, a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. Metal prices surged, with zinc up 2.37 percent at $2,366.85, but off an earlier three-week high of $2,376. It is up nearly 60 percent from January lows on worries about shortages. Other commodity prices slipped, though, as many are priced in U.S. dollars. U.S. crude oil futures settled 56 cents lower at $49.96 per barrel, down 1.11 percent. (Additional reporting by Sam Forgione and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Bank of England boss warns of rising inflation on Brexit-hit pound AFP ECB talking to London-based banks over EU access post-Brexit Reuters UK inflation unexpectedly falls to 0.9% after warning of sharp rise SNAPPA News Banks could move from UK 18 months before a 'hard Brexit' - Carney Reuters CARNEY: Politicians attacking central banks are engaged in a 'massive blame deflection exercise' Business Insider UK Did MH370 really disappear due to heroic pilot 'steering plane away from populated areas'? Yahoo News UK Twins born during Daylight Saving creates amusing age riddle Yahoo Canada Style Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK Ousting Dennis risks deals worth £160m, McLaren bosses warn Sky News Japan fixes massive sinkhole just days after it appeared Press Association video Rare Supermoon: Stunning photos from across the globe capture lunar phenomenon Shocking Mugshot Shows Former Football Star's Fall From Grace After Drugs Arrest Inside Edition Val Kilmer struggles to speak in first public appearance since denying Michael Douglas cancer claim SNAPPA Celebrity Dad who copies his daughter's Instagram selfies now has twice as many followers as her Yahoo News UK U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State Reuters First Lady Michelle Obama urged to 'run for president' Press Association video The incredible winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography awards Why you should never go to bed with wet hair (it's not because you'll catch a cold) Yahoo Style UK England throw away two-goal lead at Wembley Yahoo Sport UK The picture that shows just how shocking Vardy's horror tackle was on Azpilcueta Sporting News Britain's Johnson: may have to leave EU customs union but can maintain free trade Reuters America's Richest Presidents Yahoo UK Originals These are the world's best airlines, based on safety and comfort Football: Punter wins more than £200k on 25p bet 90Min White Man Tries To Explain Racism To Nigerian Novelist - It Doesn't Go Very Well Huffington Post Jessica Biel backflipped in a bathing suit to celebrate an Insta milestone, and, dang! Hello Giggles Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government Reuters Boy, 4, slips over while bowling, you won't believe what happens next... Newsflare In pictures: Killer 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocks New Zealand H&M's October sales rose roughly as expected Reuters 5 scientific signs climate change is already happening Yahoo UK Originals These are the best countries for freedom of speech Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Get the News Digest app Mail Yahoo Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Search Search web Home Currency Converter Video From The Newsroom Financial Glossary Investing Market Movers Indices Currency Investor Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Sign in to access your portfolios Personal Finance Loans Credit Cards Insurance Savings Mortgages Pensions Bank Accounts Money Guides Compare Products Household Property Photos Small Business Earnings All Topics Small Caps Economy Market Movers Upgrades & Downgrades Newspaper Tips Ireland RSS Feeds UK Budget 2016 Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 00:51 GMT - UK Markets open in 7 hrs 9 mins GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks, commodities climb as economic confidence risesReuters - UK Focus – Tue, Oct 25, 2016 13:20 BST Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Companies: Merck KGaA BNP Paribas SA Anglo American plc RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change 0O14.L 88.095 -1.720 BNP.PA 55.49 -0.17 AAL.L 1,096.50 -78.50 6549.TWO 23.20 +1.10 AAPL.SW 104.90 -2.10 * Europe pushes higher as DAX hits year to date high * US dollar supported after solid manufacturing survey * Wall St expected to tick higher on upbeat earnings, M&A frenzy * Oil drifts lower but steel, industrial commodities on the rise By Marc Jones LONDON, Oct (Shenzhen: 000069.SZ - news) 25 (Reuters) - World markets (Xetra: 4WM.DE - news) had a swagger about them on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Wall Street was set to tick higher with consumer confidence figures due and analysts already tucking into healthy-looking earnings from Procter & Gamble, General Motors (NYSE: GM - news) and drugs giant Merck (LSE: 0O14.L - news) , but also a profit downgrade from Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT - news) . Europe had been cheered as Germany's Dax hit its highest level of the year after the closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. The region's mining firms were the standout performers though. They hit a 14-month top as zinc surged to a five-year peak and iron ore reached its highest since mid-2014, all of which should pick up the pulse of inflation globally. "We are seeing a pick-up of economic activity against the backdrop of only one central bank - the Fed - that is likely to tighten policy and that is supporting asset markets," said CMC (Shanghai: 600327.SS - news) Markets senior analyst Michael Hewson. In foreign exchange markets, the dollar took a breather having reached its highest since early February against other top currencies as traders continued to add to the bets on a December U.S. interest rate rise . China's yuan went the other way, hitting its lowest since "offshore" trading was introduced in 2010 as Beijing nudged down official rates again. It traded as soft as 6.7882 yuan per dollar. The currency's fall of more than 1.5 percent since the end of September has stirred renewed suspicion of a possible extended slide in the yuan, even though officials have reiterated their expectations for a stable currency. But the weakness has revived memories of a shock yuan devaluation last August and another rapid depreciation early this year - falls that triggered a bout of global market turmoil. Analysts pointed out, however, that during this round of yuan weakness, global risk sentiment was holding up. "That highlights the extent to which dollar gains are unlikely to be as extended as they were (in the past)," said BNP (Paris: FR0000131104 - news) Paribas currency strategist Sam Lynton-Brown, in London. GOLDEN MINERS The cheer around the mining sector was increased further as a production update thrust London-listed giant Anglo American (LSE: AAL.L - news) 's shares up over 3 percent to take their gains this year to almost 270 percent. The staggering rise has made Anglo the top performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent to close at a six-month high as a softening yen burnished the outlook for the country's exporters. Australian stocks added 0.6 percent and Taiwan (Taiwan OTC: 6549.TWO - news) 0.7 percent. Wall Street was taking encouragement from upbeat corporate results. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings later this week, including heavyweights Apple (Swiss: AAPL.SW - news) , Alphabet (Xetra: ABEA.DE - news) , Amazon and Boeing (NYSE: BA - news) . Merger and acquisition activity added extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc (Sao Paolo: ATTB34F.SA - news) 's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc (Xetra: AOL1.DE - news) , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. Safe-haven bonds were feeling the strain of the bullish mood elsewhere with U.S. Treasury yields up to almost 1.78 percent again and European yields creeping higher. In commodities, oil prices briefly dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 5 cents at $51.41 a barrel, while U.S. crude hovered at $50.50. But going the other way were metals with zinc, nickel, copper and tin all shining and Chinese iron ore futures reaching their highest since August 2014. Coal prices also reached new peaks after weeks of gains, a prop for the Australian dollar as the two commodities are the country's biggest export earners. Another mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3333 from a peak at C$1.3398. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Mark Heinrich) Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print 7,000 cities around the world are way ahead of targets to cut carbon emissions Quartz - 4 hours ago Cities are home to over half the world’s population and produce around 75% of its carbon emissions, but they’re leading the way in the global fight against climate change. The 2015 Paris Climate Agreement demanded that by 2020 cities reduce their … More » - Sponsored  President LePen? France could be the next shock upset in the global spread of far-right populism Quartz - 5 hours ago Never one to miss a bandwagon when it passes, Marine Le Pen, leader of France’s far-right Front National, was one of the first European politicians to congratulate Donald Trump on his election victory. For the demagogic populist Le Pen, Trump’s win, … More » Twitter’s new solution for hate speech is to avoid it, instead of actually removing it Quartz - 5 hours ago Twitter is still shying away from tackling abuse head on. During the company’s October earnings calls, Twitter promised to unveil stricter measures against harassment come November. Today, Twitter announced it will be making it easier for users to … More » Inflation in surprise slip to 0.9% in October but rise looms Sky News - 5 hours ago The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the surprise slip in the headline consumer measure, from 1% in September, was down to lower rates of cost growth in clothing and tuition fees compared with a year earlier. Costs for raw materials and … More » - Sponsored  Oil is soaring Business Insider UK Finance - 8 hours ago Oil prices surged more than 4% on Tuesday, after a Reuters story raised expectations that the OPEC nations will agree production cuts. … More » Vodafone Sales Hurt by Falling Pound Morningstar UK - 8 hours ago Vodafone (VOD) reported fiscal first-half results that continue to be hurt by negative currency moves. The firm’s reported revenue fell 3.9% year over year, versus our full-year projection of a 4.4% gain. However, group service revenue grew 2.3% on … More » The top 10 postcodes for buy-to-let investments revealed - and Luton leads the way Yahoo Finance UK - 8 hours ago It might not be the first place on everyone’s list of property hot spots but Luton is top the pile for the getting the best returns on buy-to-let investments. … More » - Sponsored  Are European Banking Stocks Cheap Enough to Buy? Morningstar UK - 8 hours ago This is especially true for European bank holders who are still down 67% since the peak of the financial crisis. As advocates of value investing, the key question is whether bank stocks are a value opportunity or a value trap. If bank stocks have … More » What's the story in Balamory today? There's a property for sale for £395,000 Yahoo Finance UK - 9 hours ago The former bank building sits in the middle of Main Street in Tobermory, Isle of Mull, which was the setting for the show starring the likes of Miss Hoolie, Josie Jump and Archie the Inventor. Balamory enchanted young viewers in the mid-2000s with … More » More than $7 trillion of global government debt isn’t as safe as it once seemed, Moody’s warns Quartz - 9 hours ago Governments have spent 2016 grappling with an upheaval in politics as populist movements sweep across Europe and the US. But it’s also been a problematic year for governments around the world in another way: their credit ratings. Moody’s Investors … More » - Sponsored  A Princeton historian on how textbooks of the future will explain the madness of the 2016 US election Quartz - 10 hours ago The 2016 US election was a transformative moment in US history. There is much uncertainty about what president-elect Donald Trump’s term will bring. But future history books are likely to argue that his victory reflects several key developments in … More » The pound dived after Britain's shock inflation numbers Business Insider UK Finance - 10 hours ago The pound took a dive in mid-morning trading on Tuesday after the latest inflation data from the Office for National Statistics missed the forecasts of economists. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was … More » People are getting sick of working in the “sharing” economy Quartz - 10 hours ago We may have already reached peak “sharing” economy. Average monthly earnings on “labor” platforms such as Uber, which use technology to match workers (like drivers) to people who need a service (like riders), peaked in June 2014, according to new … More » - Sponsored  Thousands of Tube staff vote for strike action in separate disputes Sky News - 11 hours ago London Underground staff have voted to strike in separate disputes over staffing, safety and industrial relations. The Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) said 85% of station and platform staff who have voted backed walkouts over staffing and … More » The world is awash in affordable, pointless VR devices Quartz - 11 hours ago Last week, Google’s new Daydream View VR headset was released. It’s been getting mixed reviews. Some people love that it’s affordable, not made of cardboard, and comes with a handy little remote, while others are less convinced about having to strap … More » Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK - 12 hours ago A teenage tycoon has reportedly become a millionaire aged just 14 after a property deal netted him a fortune. … More » - Sponsored  11.6 million Britons are still paying for last Christmas with average debt more than £500 Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago More than 11.6 million Britons are still paying off last Christmas even as this year’s festive shopping season begins to get into top gear. Of those who borrowed money last Christmas and still haven’t cleared it, one in five say they still owe more … More » Donald Trump tried to sweet-talk Theresa May by telling her she’ll be Thatcher and he’ll be Reagan Quartz - 13 hours ago Before the UK voted for Brexit, US president Barack Obama warned that doing so would put the country in the “back of the queue” for trade talks with the US. Britons ignored him and voted to leave the European Union anyway. Britain had hoped to fare … More » Anatomy of an online consumer: 6 ways bricks and clicks are transforming shoppers and shopping Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago It has identified six ways online shoppers are influencing what retailers are doing. Some 90% of all UK retail sales ‘‘touched’’ a physical sale store last year through “click and collect” services or online purchases resulting from browsing … More » - Sponsored  Donald Trump may push African countries away from America and closer to China Quartz - 14 hours ago A Donald Trump presidency might push Africa in the direction of China. While China is a newer partner to Africa than the United States, it plays a powerful role as a counterexample. Many African governments see China as an model of a country that … More » Inflation in the UK saw a shock fall Business Insider UK Finance - 15 hours ago Inflation in the UK witnessed a shock fall in October, according to the latest data released by the Office for National Statistics on Tuesday. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was down to 0.9% … More » Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements Telegraph - 16 hours ago Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements … More » 10 things you need to know in markets today Business Insider UK Finance - 17 hours ago The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at an all-time high overnight, extending its post-election rally but losing grip of early gains. Global bonds sold off again, sending Treasury yields to their highest levels of this year as investors continued … More » Prime Minister urges companies to help those 'left behind' Sky News - 18 hours ago Theresa May has urged companies to work with the Government to help those "left behind" by globalisation. As the UK gets ready for Brexit, and Donald Trump prepares to be inaugurated as United States president, Mrs May noted that "a change is in … More » Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow Telegraph - 18 hours ago Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow … More » - Sponsored  Show More Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg GBP to USD 1.2455 +0.0007 +0.06% GBP/USD GBP to EUR 1.1605 -0.0001 -0.01% GBP/EUR GBP to JPY 135.7630 +0.101 +0.07% GBP/JPY More Currencies » Commodities Commodities Name Price Change % Chg BrentCrude 46.88 -0.07 -0.15% Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financ Gold 1,228.10 +3.60 +0.29% Gold Dec 16 Silver 17.10 +0.06 +0.36% Silver Dec 16 Copper 2.51 0.00 +0.08% Copper Dec 16 More Commodities » TOP TRADING PROVIDER Trade now Create account for free with the No.1 spread betting and CFD provider. Losses can exceed deposits. More » Featured Content Enlarge Photo Our imaginary hedge fund of “Trump trades” is making an absolute killing Quartz - 20 hours ago This is the worst year for IPOs of US companies since the Great Recession Quartz - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:01 GMT Sponsored  Ask James: How can I start up a business again from scratch with a small income? Yahoo Finance UK - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:13 GMT Here's a sneak peek of Leonardo DiCaprio’s eco-resort in Belize Yahoo Finance Canada - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 17:26 GMT View Photos These are the best countries for freedom of speech Fri, Nov 11, 2016 13:42 GMT Are you buying into the 'Trump dividend?' asks - Zak Mir feed_manager_auto_publish_494--autopubtest_WPTUMBLR_485 - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 13:24 GMT Sponsored  View Photos Checking in: Unique Airbnb picks of the week Tue, Nov 8, 2016 19:08 GMT 'You'd think after 53 years in the City, I would have experienced everything, not so'- says David Buik Yahoo Finance UK - Fri, Nov 11, 2016 11:57 GMT 16 giant infrastructure projects that could reshape the world Business Insider - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 16:23 GMT View Photos The top 12 cities with the best reputations in the world Mon, Nov 7, 2016 12:58 GMT Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Home Investing Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Personal Finance Property Small Business Also on Yahoo Answers Cars Games Lifestyle Movies News Celebrity Sport TV Travel All Yahoo Services » Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - News Network

Continue to NJ Spotlight Follow Us: Sign Up / Sign In / Update Profile Sign Out / Update Profile NJ Spotlight Newsletters Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion MORE▼ Videos Webinars Roundtables Water Immigration Elections 2016 Sponsored Donate! Who We Are Politics Article Comments Your Email Recipient's Email Message (Optional) Send Cancel Frelinghuysen Challenged by Underfinanced Democrat in 11th Joe Tyrrell | October 25, 2016 Lawyer Joe Wenzel says he was inspired to run by Sandy Hook Elementary School killings in 2012 Rodney Frelinghuysen, 11-term Republican incumbent in 11th District Stretching from the misty Ramapo Mountains to lush Morris County estates, from Ogdensburg to West Orange, the 11th Congressional District offers a layer of polish over a bit of grit. Yes, garden parties are frequent, but the 11th also showcases military might at Picatinny Arsenal and throbbing commerce in regional malls and long-established downtowns. People who live here tend to be better educated and better off than the average New Jerseyan, though some of that has changed through redistricting. While the district was almost 87 percent white in the 2000 Census, the figure is now closer to 73 percent with more towns in Passaic County added to the Morris County core. The 11th still covers a bit of Essex County, its base for much of the 20th century, and a few towns in Sussex County. That multi-county conglomeration brings together towns with different populations and priorities, but in the aggregate its voters are faithfully Republican. No one captures the old-time, old-money GOP vibe better than 11-term incumbent Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, 70, scion of one of New Jersey's oldest political dynasties and largest fortunes. His mother was a Procter & Gamble heir, while his father served 22 years in the House of Representatives, a record Frelinghuysen stands poised to surpass. Joe Wenzel, Democratic challenger for Congress in District 11 Joe Wenzel, the Democratic candidate, is a West Orange lawyer who previously served a stint on the school board in Clifton. Wenzel said he was energized to run by Congress's failure to address gun violence after the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut. Libertarian Jeff Hetrick and Thomas DePasquale, running under the tag of the “Financial Independence Party,” widen the options for voters dissatisfied with the status quo. But Frelinghuysen and Wenzel, who had the backing of three of the district's four Democratic county organizations, both easily won contested primaries. Frelinghuysen has more tangible support. In this election cycle. His campaign has reported more than $1.8 million in contributions and had $658,953 on hand at the end of September, according to the Federal Elections Commission. His political action committee, Liberty & Prosperity, reported $270,449 in receipts. None of the other candidates reported any fundraising. Well positioned as a member of the House Appropriations Committee and chair of its defense appropriations subcommittee, Frelinghuysen draws significant contributions from the aerospace and pharmaceutical industries. Jeff Hetrick, Libertarian candidate for Congressional seat in District 11 Hetrick, 38, of Chatham Township, has made two unsuccessful runs for state Assembly. He works in quality assurance, which he says has brought him into contact with businesses in a range of major industries. He promises to vote against "any legislation that I believe would increase the size and scope of government." As "a strong advocate of term limits," Hetrick said it is time for Frelinghuysen to retire. Neither major party candidate attended a recent debate, DePasquale said, because "the Democrat knows he can't win and the Republican knows he's a shoo-in." Districts have been drawn to protect incumbents, meaning "voters don't have a real choice," said DePasquale, 57, of Wayne. Thomas DePasquale is running for Congress in the 11th District on the Financial Independence Party ticket. The owner of a tax preparation business, DePasquale wants to curb the federal deficit and stop job-killing trade deals. He acknowledged third-party candidates face long odds. "I'm trying to bring awareness to what's wrong with the system," he said. To Wenzel, it is time for new leadership in Washington. The Sandy Hook slaughter of school children seemed to demand mature discussion but produced "resounding silence" in the Congress, he said — "Not one bill was passed, not one committee hearing called, no one thing changed." Gun control does not strike Frelinghuysen as a pressing matter.  He has said civilians probably do not need assault weapons but added many of his colleagues are uncomfortable with stricter gun laws. In 2002, the National Rifle Association gave Frelinghuysen's positions the lowest score among New Jersey congressional Republicans, 23 percent favorable. But in recent years he has received a solid "B" rating from the group. The Vietnam veteran is worried about the effects of "America's retreat from the world stage" under President Barack Obama. For a member of Congress "there is no greater responsibility" than providing a strong national defense and homeland security, Frelinghuysen said. At the district level, that has meant continued funding for Picatinny Arsenal, the headquarters of the U.S. Army's armament research, development, and engineering. Wenzel said Congress has ignored the threat posed to the world, the country, and New Jersey by rising sea levels and the other effects of climate change caused by overuse of fossil fuels and man-made chemicals. He recalled learning about the problems as a student at Rutgers University more than two decades ago. But he argued there is still an opportunity to start fixing the problem. Trade agreements with fast developing countries like India and China could include steps to limit hazardous emissions, according to Wenzel. Wenzel and Frelinghuysen agree that securing a better economic future should be a major priority. Wenzel argues that embracing technological change is part of the solution. He points to the many successful entrepreneurs in the tech sector as models for other businesses. If elected, he would propose funding for small-business incubators across the country, as well as small loans and grants to help startups get off the ground. Frelinghuysen said Congress and the administration should work together toward “economic freedom." Higher taxes and regulations and the "threat of increased government mandates" hamper growth, he said. He called for reversing President Obama's "policies that drive up gas prices." Frelinghuysen favors "unlocking American energy production" to provide jobs and reduce dependence of foreign oil. Frelinghuysen also contends the Obamacare health insurance system is damaging the economy and should be reworked. He supports retaining the provisions that prevent insurers from citing "pre-existing conditions" to deny coverage but would also limit lawsuits. Wenzel would move toward a single-payer health insurance system, such as Canada's comprehensive Medicare or Taiwan's national health insurance. Some American proponents describe it as "Medicare for all," with a national program that would pay for coverage while private professionals would continue to provide care. Click here for reuse options! See Comments Read more in Politics, Elections 2016 Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks In the Shadow of Liberty Sponsors Corporate Supporters All Rights Reserved ©2016 NJSpotlight Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion Who We Are Donate! Media Kit ×To add this web app to the home screen, tap and then Add to Home Screen. Most Popular Stories « »
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos ALL News Home » Business » India Business Mukesh Ambani to telcos: You cannot break the law beyond few weeks Sensex climbs 180 points on GST hopes Flipkart-owned Myntra acquires Jabong Sensex rallies 464 pts Sensex bounces 99 points, Nifty above 7,800 Sensex soars 326 points, Nifty reclaims 7,800-mark in early trade Mistry to move Bombay HC Book Ola, travel in a BMW! Customised Diwali gifts Singh brothers to sell Religare Finvest 'Banks should enforce right and recover dues' Rs 2,500 flight for aam aadmi Companies like Snapdeal are gifting exciting experiences to employeesRica Bhattcharyya This festive season on an average Giftxoxo is getting 10-12 leads from corporates a day compared to 10-12 a month a year ago, Khandelwal said. | ET Bureau | Oct 25, 2016, 09:46 IST Corporate gifting is going beyond cash award, gift vouchers, conventional certificates, medals and trophies MUMBAI: If your employer hands over the regular box of chocolates of gift vouchers as gift this festive season you've reasons to feel disappointed. That's because many companies including Snapdeal and SLK Global Solutions, among others, are gifting exciting experiences to their employees, be it a romantic yacht ride with one's partner, recording one's own song in a studio, or flying a microlight. Corporate gifting is going beyond cash award, gift vouchers, conventional certificates, medals and trophies as an increasing representation of millennials in the workforce is prompting companies to think of experiences as gifts. Giftxoxo, a tech-enabled marketplace for experiences and activities, has a host of leading corporates such as BCG, Flipkart, Procter & Gamble, and BlueJeans Network India using its platform to gift experiences to their people. BCG and Flipkart did not respond to emails with queries about their gifting plans as of press time on Monday while P&G refused to participate in this story. "Gifting has evolved in recent times. Even a couple of years back acceptance of this was tough," said Sumit Khandelwal, cofounder at Giftxoxo. "But we have really seen a pickup in the last 6-12 months," he said. This festive season on an average Giftxoxo is getting 10-12 leads from corporates a day compared to 10-12 a month a year ago, Khandelwal said. Ecommerce major Snapdeal gifts experiences to its employees with to make recognition social, its HR director Abhishek Budhraja said. "Giving cash takes away the entire feeling of recognition and we wanted to move away from that," he said. "Instead of giving a voucher we thought we would engage with a portal that has option for every employee," Budhraja said. Some of the experiences popular among Snapdeal employees include parasailing, hot air balloon, Royal Enfield ride around Delhi, and fine dining experience at a five star hotel, he said. The HR head of a global cloud service provider, said, "The entire idea is to move away from cash related things as we wanted to cater to our younger set of employees. We want them to really remember the recognition given to them and feel a sense of pride." The average age group of employees in the company is 28 and for somebody like that the experiences that the company brings to the table are exciting. The company uses experience gifting for peer-to-peer recognition, referral bonus, and quarterly awards. One of India's biggest information technology companies has been running experience gifting as a pilot for the last eight months for its long service awards (10-15-20-25 years). Some of the gifts it has given include a romantic dinner on top of the world at a helipad in Bengaluru and exotic spa experience. "This is a novel concept and the company is running it as a pilot as it wants to give these experience to employees to celebrate the milestones," said an employee. Process outsourcing company SLK Global Solutions wanted to gift its employees experiences that they keep dreaming of and make them feel special and wanted for their contribution and achievement at work. "Experience gifting has gone down very well with the employees. The new generation welcomes it and it allows us to connect closely with them," said Taruna Lohmror, programme director for HR at SLK Global Solutions. Some of the popular experiences being gifted by corporates in the country include a romantic private gourmet session on a helipad, pizza making session at a fivestar hotel, playing RJ or DJ for a day, private island dining with a spa, horse riding session followed by stable management ending with an exotic Italian dinner at the stable, and romantic yacht ride with one's partner in the Arabian Sea. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia ViewcommentsPost a comment Comments+ Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. + All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Cyrus Mistry removed as Tata Sons chairman, Ratan Tata returns as interim chief We have stood by India in its 'darkest hours', says top Russian defence official She never spoke of it to her husband. Then she heard the Trump tape Embraer to pay $205 mn to settle graft charges in India Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer has agreed to pay over $ 205 million to resolve charges of corruption and making bribe payments to officials in foreign nations, including $ 5.76 million allegedly paid to an agent in India in connection with the sale of three military aircraft for Indian Air Force. Group Executive Council of Tata Sons dismantled The brain trust of Cyrus Mistry has been unceremoniously sacked, barring 2 people – Harish Bhat and Mukund Rajan . According to sources, they will get alternative roles. The Group Executive Council (GEC) of Tata Sons, an advisory team, set up by Mistry may be dismantled, with the exit of the chairman. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreSnapDealSLK Global SolutionsProcter & GambleFlipkartAir India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Harvard Business School to launch short courses for business leaders Group Executive Council of Tata Sons dismantled, Mukund Rajan and Harish Bhat get alternative roles Indra Nooyi, N Chandrasekaran among top contenders for Tata Sons Chairmanship Cyrus Mistry's ouster: Ratan Tata follows Narayana Murthy Pan Bahar to continue featuring Pierce Brosnan in its advertisements Consumers may loosen purse strings in second half of the year, feel FMCG Companies Behind the scenes: What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster Govt wins $1 billion price dispute with Reliance Industries Ltd, British Gas Cyrus Mistry likely to challenge sacking in Bombay HC 1Companies like Snapdeal are gifting exciting experiences to employees 2Harvard Business School to launch short courses for business leaders 3Group Executive Council of Tata Sons dismantled, Mukund Rajan and Harish Bhat get alternative roles 4Indra Nooyi, N Chandrasekaran among top contenders for Tata Sons Chairmanship 5Cyrus Mistry's ouster: Ratan Tata follows Narayana Murthy 6Pan Bahar to continue featuring Pierce Brosnan in its advertisements 7Consumers may loosen purse strings in second half of the year, feel FMCG Companies 8Behind the scenes: What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster 9Govt wins $1 billion price dispute with Reliance Industries Ltd, British Gas 10Cyrus Mistry likely to challenge sacking in Bombay HC About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 Cauvery Water Dispute Modi Rally Surgical Strike US Elections 2016 Live Cricket Score Google Pixel XL Diwali 2016 Asian Men's Hockey Champions Trophy 2016 Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Tongal, Mattel Enter Into Multi-Year Partnership Advertisement NEXT:Duncan Channon Rebrands, Offers Advice to Anonymous Trolls PREVIOUS:W+K Portland, LeBron James 'Come Out of Nowhere' for New Nike Campaign Brands Tongal, Mattel Enter Into Multi-Year Partnership By Erik Oster on Oct. 26, 2016 - 2:07 PMComment Mattel Creations, Mattel’s centralized content division, has entered into a multi-year strategic partnership with “crowdsourced studio” Tongal. Tongal will be responsible for digital content strategy as well as content creation, including “the development and production of an amplified slate of content based on Mattel’s library of iconic brands.” “Mattel Creations is dedicated to discovering new ways to share creative, captivating stories across all platforms. Our partnership with Tongal and its robust network of creators will enable us to build out an innovative, scalable offering of content for all channels and markets around the world,” Mattel chief content officer Catherine Balsam-Schwaber said in a statement. “Tongal is re-defining the content model and we look forward to working closely with their team to further our brand strategies and build our storytelling platform.” Under the agreement, Tongal will utilize its creative network to create content across broadcast, digital and social media channels, enhancing Mattel Creation’s content capabilities and digital offerings. The agreement does not impact Mattel’s relationship with primary creative agency BBDO or affect BBDO’s responsibilities for the brand. In fact, sources tell us Mattel has actually expanded its relationship with the agency. That said, Tongal head of strategy and client development Vaughan Emsley, who joined Tongal in the newly-created position this August after serving as both global CEO on the P&G business and strategic advisor to global chairman Kevin Roberts with Saatchi & Saatchi recently told Adweek, “Any company with an open source approach like ours is seen by agencies as a competitor.” BBDO, of course, recently launched its own crowdsourced content offering via AMV BBDO’s Flare Studio. “Mattel has long been a champion for innovation in storytelling, including being one of the earliest adopters of Tongal over six years ago,” said Tongal CEO Rob Salvatore. “This multi-year deal is an exciting next step in our partnership and reinforces their commitment to creativity. We’re honored to be helping them develop new ways to connect with audiences around the world.” The first work to emerge from the partnership will be a behind-the-scenes feature designed to complement the Amazon Original special An American Girl Story—Melody 1963: Love Has to Win and will premiere some time next month. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Raise the Hammer About Principles Authors Comments Submissions Register Forget Password? Special Report: Light Rail Our Right to a Healthy Environment Includes Light Rail We have the right to breathe clean air, and City Council has sworn to protect this right. By Chris Parkinson Published October 26, 2016 The following is the text of my delegation to the October 25, 2016 General Issues Committee meeting on Hamilton's Light Rail Transit (LRT) project. On February 18, 2015, every single member of our current council, except one, in a standing vote, unanimously passed a motion declaring every Hamiltonian's Right to a Healthy Environment. A proud moment for our city, we were the first in the province to make this declaration. This was your promise to us, and future generations that we had turned a page. No longer would the moniker 'Gritty City' apply. We had the right to breathe clean air, and you had sworn to protect this right. Yet in a Spectator article from four days ago, we found out that downtown Hamilton has the worst air pollution in Ontario. The worst. In the substance of the declaration of our Right to a Healthy Environment, you pledged to support infrastructure projects that protect the environment, including air quality. You vowed to prioritize efficient public transit, cycling, and walking. And you have done that. You've substantially increased the number of bike lanes, you've invested in more walkable streets like Concession, brought in traffic calming measures, and for the past decade you've been planning and approving the development of the BLAST network. Very forward thinking councilors. We commend you and thank you. You responsibly fought to have this first stage of this LRT system paid for in full by the province, protecting against raising our property taxes. Waterloo had to subsidize their LRT with $285 million by raising their taxes 1.2 percent. They understood it was a good investment and were willing to pay. You understood LRT is a good investment, and you even had it paid for. We congratulate you. Eventually, the city's population will move quickly and cleanly through your planned BLAST grid of inter-connected LRTs, fed from outer areas by electric buses. This is visionary and the way we must proceed for our future growth, the quality of our air, and the health of our children. Hamilton was once called the 'Electric City'. Nicola Telsa brought AC current in to our city, the first in Canada, sparking the growth of industry and attracting companies such as Westinghouse, Proctor and Gamble, and International Harvester. We now need to attract the industry, innovation, and entrepreneurs that will fuel the greatest economic opportunity in the history of the human race - the conversion of fossil fuels to renewable electric. Electric. Hamilton was ahead of its time. And now we're getting back on track. Your progressive BLAST network vision sends a signal to the businesses and industry that we want to attract, that Hamilton understands the future. That the future is electric. That efficient, clean mass transportation is important to moving the people our growth will bring. There is a reason every major city in the world has some form of LRT along its main corridors. You've understood this, planned for this, and have taken very responsible steps to have this first leg of our LRT plan realized. We at Hamilton Blue Dot commend you. We thank you for honouring your commitment to protecting our Right to a Healthy Environment. Please keep up this good work. Hamilton's future is indeed, Electric. 0 Comments View Comments: Nested | Flat Post a Comment You must be logged in to comment. Fringe Reviews Hamilton Light Rail Events Calendar Lakeshore Birding: Van Wagner's Beach to Fifty Point CA - November 19, 2016, at Lake Ontario Shoreline, Hutch’s on the Beach, Hamilton 15 Upcoming Events... Recent Articles Cycle Hamilton's Update on the Cycle Safe Sydenham Campaignby Erin Kennedy, published November 08, 2016 in Special Report: Cycling (0 comments) Hamilton's Vision Zero Survey that Only Drivers can Completeby Kevin Love, published November 08, 2016 in Special Report: Walkable Streets (4 comments) Movies and Books that Explore and Illustrate Woman Abuseby Doreen Nicoll, published November 08, 2016 in Healing Gaia (0 comments) Cycling Advocacy Week for a Healthy, Safe, and Sustainable Cycling Cultureby Dave Heidebrecht, published November 07, 2016 in Special Report: Cycling (0 comments) That Non-Story About Catenary Poles in LRT Renderingsby Ryan McGreal, published November 07, 2016 in Special Report: Light Rail (5 comments) Hamilton: A City Dividedby Mark Robbins, published November 04, 2016 in Commentary (27 comments) Victim-Blaming Rampant on Deadly Toronto Streetsby Ben Bull, published November 04, 2016 in Accidental Activist (2 comments) Aboriginal Women and Woman Abuse Prevention Monthby Doreen Nicoll, published November 04, 2016 in Healing Gaia (0 comments) Where to Draw the Line: Censorship and Self-Censorship in Canadian Newspaper Editorial Cartooningby Paul Weinberg, published October 31, 2016 in Media (0 comments) Woman Abuse Prevention Month 2016by Doreen Nicoll, published October 31, 2016 in Healing Gaia (0 comments) Hamilton is Already Committed to Completing Light Railby Nicholas Kevlahan, published October 27, 2016 in Special Report: Light Rail (17 comments) Hamilton is Somewhere, and its Citizens Are Worthy of Light Railby Mary Louise Pigott, published October 27, 2016 in Special Report: Light Rail (10 comments) Article Archives By Month By Section Blog Archives By Month By Section Site Tools Latest Comments Contact City Council Hamilton Light Rail RTH Election Site Feeds Articles Blogs Articles & Blogs Upcoming Events @raisethehammer Raise The Hammer | Website © 2004, 2009 | Article © by the author | Contact Us
null

Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Face Oils Market to Grow 5.66% by 2020 - Social Media is a Key Trend Among the Key Brands in the Market - Research and Markets 26.10.2016 | 14:11 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global Face Oils Market to Grow 5.66% by 2020 - Social Media is a Key Trend Among the Key Brands in the Market - Research and Markets DUBLIN, October 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Face Oils Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecasts the global face oils market to grow at a CAGR of 5.66% during the period 2016-2020. The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Social media is a key trend among the key brands in the face oils market. In 2015, L'Oréal spent 25.5% of its media spending on digital and social media, compared to 15.7% digital media spending in 2014. The global fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies had more than $137.5 billion digital advertising expenditure by the end of 2015. Approximately 25% of Internet users aged 16-24 years discovered new brands through celebrity endorsements. For the age group 25-34 years, it was 22%, and for the 35-44 age group, it was 14%. According to the report, one of the key drivers for market growth will be demand for products specific to different skin types and age group. Skin type, tone, and structure vary from one person to another. Thus different concerns are observed for different types of skin. Manufacturers of face oils broadly the skin care products offer products targeted to different skin types such as combination, dry, normal, oily, and sensitive skins. Further, the report states that effects of synthetic ingredients will be a challenge for the market. Key vendors: Beiersdorf Estée Lauder L'Oréal Procter & Gamble Shiseido Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Market summary PART 03: Scope of the report PART 04: Market research methodology PART 05: Introduction PART 06: Market landscape PART 07: Market segmentation by product category PART 08: Segmentation by retail format PART 09: Geographical segmentation PART 10: Key leading countries PART 11: Market drivers PART 12: Impact of drivers PART 13: Market challenges PART 14: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 15: Market trends PART 16: Vendor landscape PART 17: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vqdntw/global_face_oils Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, November 15, 2016, 6:51 p.m. Home / Business / Earnings report By Source: The Associated Press This article was published October 26, 2016 at 2:04 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Companies reporting quarterly earnings Tuesday included: This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Earnings report Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Sales of high-profit models propel GM to best... Apple dips on iPhone prices, lower margins Consumer stocks prove a drag Business news in brief Earnings report News in brief China firm defiant over cyberattack role Judge approves Volkswagen emissions settlemen... Suit: Grain buyer cost Turner $14M More Business stories > Comments on: Earnings report To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Atmospheric effects (31 comments) China's election takeaway (1 comment) PHILIP MARTIN: In need of matches (4 comments) Trump aides say gay man, woman on list (13 comments) Sheriff's office: Man arrested after traveling to Arkansas to have sex with child (2 comments) Torres sentenced to death for murder of 6-year-old son (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Spotlight on five of the 30 teams taking part in DFA 26 October, 2016 Paul Smith, Head of Program, Dubai Future Accelerators: · Dubai is set to play a pivotal role in shaping the future of strategic economic sectors all over the world. The emirate is not simply adopting the latest advancements; it is actively creating them. Maha Al Mezaina, Project Manager, Dubai Future Foundation: · The program aims to tap into any and all sectors that affect people's lives now - as well as any novel sectors that may affect them in the future - and play an active role in identifying the challenges and opportunities that may arise. 26 October 2016 Dubai – The Dubai Future Accelerators program carries on with its first round, having succeeded in attracting 2,274 applications from 73 countries in less than a month – out of which, the 30 most innovative entries were shortlisted. The number of applications that the Dubai Future Accelerators program has attracted in record time makes it one of the fastest-growing business acceleration programs in the world. This cements Dubai’s global status and role as a major player in the development of next-generation technologies and business models. Paul Smith, Head of Program at Dubai Future Accelerators, said: “The global reach that the Dubai Future Accelerators program has achieved serves not only to place Dubai firmly on the global innovation and technology map, bringing the world’s top innovators to the emirate, but also enables Dubai to play a pivotal role in shaping the future of strategic economic sectors all over the world. The emirate is not simply adopting the latest advancements; it is actively creating them.” One example of the successful entries is Comae Technology, a UAE-based Cyber Security start up specialized on memory forensics for both digital forensics and incident response to cyber incidents purposes. According to US tech giant and cybersecurity specialists Symantec, the number of zero-day vulnerabilities (a hole in software that is unknown to the vendor) discovered in 2015 more than doubled to 54 – a 125 percent increase from 2014. This makes start-ups such as Comae not only relevant but necessary for cities and governments in the 21st century. Advertisement Meanwhile, Mistbox, another finalist, presents a connected device that promises to render AC units up to 30 percent more efficient, all the while tracking savings through a mobile app. Relying on evaporative cooling, Mistbox offers a new way to not only save money, but also substantially reduce carbon emissions – the company claims, in fact, that, if implemented on a global scale, the net effect would be equivalent to taking 1.4 billion cars off the road. Carrying on with the spirit of reinventing economic sectors, Loyyal aims to reinvent how loyalty is created and rewarded. Using blockchain and smart contract technology, Loyyal has built an interoperable loyalty and rewards platform to address a highly fragmented industry. It offers multiple industries an innovative way to incentivize customer behavior. With a more regionally focused approach, finalist Pixelbug is working through DFA to create a more engaging way for children to learn Arabic. The Dubai-based award-winning augmented and virtual reality company was recently named one of the UAE's most promising start-ups by Forbes Middle East. Its products are used by leading multinationals such as P&G, Nestlé, Lego, and Sony. Another notable entry in round one of the program is Vinaya, which specializes in designing wearable devices – among other technologies – that aim to improve people’s mindfulness in a fast-paced modern lifestyle. Their products include ALTRUIS, a range of designer Bluetooth-enabled rings, bracelets, and necklaces, that use cutting-edge technology to enhance mindfulness and digital balance; and Zenta, which is the first biometric smart band that uses sensory technology and learning algorithms to collect data, build a profile of the wearer, and give personalized insights in 5 key areas: Physical Activity, Sleep, Positive Habits, Happiness, and Stress. Mindfulness is fast becoming an area of interest in many economic sectors: a 2010 study published in Consciousness and Cognition Journal, showed that brief mindfulness training significantly improved visuo-spatial processing, working memory, and executive functioning. Maha Al Mezaina, Project Manager at Dubai Future Foundation, said: “As evidenced by the projects presented by the finalists in Dubai Future Accelerators, the program aims to tap into any and all sectors that affect people’s lives now – as well as any novel sectors that may affect them in the future – and play an active role in facing the challenges that may arise and flag the opportunities ripe to capitalize on.” The full list of finalists chosen to take part in the first round of the program includes a selection of the most innovative companies in the world that are currently developing and testing creative ideas and advanced technologies with a future outlook, which offer solutions to the challenges facing key sectors including health, education, energy and water, transport, infrastructure, security and safety, and technology. For 12 weeks, these 30 companies will work with the eight government authorities participating in Dubai Future Accelerators to develop and test products and solutions for the challenges that face key economic and strategic sectors in the cities of the 21st century in the UAE, and that can also be applied to countries in the region and around the world. -Ends- For media inquiries, contact: Nedal Al Asaad Nedal.AlAsaad@bm.com Emad Dwekat Emad.dwekat@bm.com ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller 044507600 © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report Shemaroo Entertainment standalone net profit rises 45.14% in the September 2016 quarter Business Standard US stocks end in the red Capital Market  October 26, 2016 Last Updated at 11:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIW2JV Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red Lackluster spate of earnings and weak economic data affect momentum U.S. stocks finished lower on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 giving back some of the previous day's advance as worries about a lackluster spate of earnings and a slip in a reading of consumer confidence weighed on market sentiment. A drop in the price of oil below $50 a barrel, lingering uncertainty about the U.S. presidential election and growing expectations of a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, also contributed to the downbeat mood. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 53.76 points, or 0.3%, at 18,169.27, as shares of Home Depot weighed on blue-chips with a 3.2% decline. Earlier, the average had been down as many as 71 points. The Nasdaq Composite Index gave up 26.45 points, or 0.5%, to wrap at 5,283.40. The S&P 500 declined by 8.17 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.16. Nine of the 11 main sectors ended in the red. The consumer-discretionary closed off 1.2%, while materials lost 1%. Shares of Dow component 3M fell 2.9% after reporting earnings that beat Wall Street expectations, but the company posted sales that were flat relative to the prior year and reduced the top end of its yearly earnings forecast. Market participants have been wrestling with third-quarter earnings that have outperformed lowered expectations, but a number of companies have cut their annual outlooks, which has raised questions about future earnings. Investors were eager to find out the results from two of the tech giants this week, with Apple reporting after the closing bell on Tuesday. Traders continued to eye economic data for hints on the prospects for a Federal Reserve interest-rate increase before the end of the year. Higher rates tend to send investors away from precious metals into investments that carry a yield. A reading on consumer confidence Tuesday showed a decline to 98.6 in October, a three-month low, from 103.5 in September. The FHFA Housing Price Index for August rose 0.7%, which followed an increase of 0.5% in July. Separately, the Case-Shiller 20-city Home Price Index for August rose 5.1%, which fell in-line with the consensus. This followed the previous month's unrevised reading of 5.0%. Shares in Whirlpool dropped 11% after the appliance maker reported third-quarter profit and sales that missed expectations, and issued a downbeat outlook. Merck & Co. rose 2% after the drugmaker's third-quarter earnings and sales came in above expectations. Chemicals maker DuPont& Co. shares fell 0.7% despite the company raising its yearly profit forecast and better-than-expected quarterly earnings. The company is working on its merger with Dow Chemical. Procter & Gamble gained 3.4% after the consumer goods company reported earnings ahead of forecasts. Lockheed Martin shares jumped 7.4% after the aerospace company posted higher-than-expected revenue and hiked its dividend. Baker Hughes shares rallied 4.3% after the oil-field services company reported a narrower-than-expected loss. General Motors shares ended down 4.2% even as auto giant's quarterly profit doubled. GM also posted higher revenue on strong U.S. truck sales. But it signaled continued weakness in Europe because of the fallout from the U.K.'s pending exit from the European Union, or Brexit. Crude futures fell on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 with prices in New York settling below $50 a barrel for the first time in just over a week, pressured by the possibility that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' plan to curb output will fail after Iraq signaled unwillingness to take part in the proposed deal. December West Texas Intermediate crude fell by 56 cents, or 1.1%, to settle at $49.96 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. That was the lowest settlement and first finish below $50 since 17 October 2016. OPEC members in late September reached a preliminary agreement to limit the group's daily production to between 32.5 million to 33 million barrels a day. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Tuesday, 25 october 2016. Gold futures settled Tuesday at their highest level in about three weeks, rebounding from the previous day's decline as uncertainty ahead of the U.S. presidential election, some weakness in the U.S. dollar and a fall in domestic equities boosted the metal's appeal. December gold rose $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,273.60 an ounce. Prices settled at their highest level since 3 October 2016. Prices are still down about 3.1% so far this month. December silver gained 17.6 cents, or 1%, to $17.78 an ounce. Treasuries finished on a mixed note with the short end of the curve underperforming. The yield on the 2-yr note rose two basis points to 0.86% while the yield on the benchmark 10-yr note ended down one basis point at 1.76%. Today's trading volume was below the average of 853 million as 819 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Tomorrow's economic data will include the weekly MBA Mortgage Index and International Trade in Goods for September, which will be released at 7:00 ET and 8:30 ET, respectively. The day's data will be capped off with the 10:00 ET release of New Home Sales for September (consensus 610k). Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Us Stocks End In The Red | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online US stocks end in the red Lackluster spate of earnings and weak economic data affect momentum Lackluster spate of earnings and weak economic data affect momentum U.S. stocks finished lower on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 giving back some of the previous day's advance as worries about a lackluster spate of earnings and a slip in a reading of consumer confidence weighed on market sentiment. A drop in the price of oil below $50 a barrel, lingering uncertainty about the U.S. presidential election and growing expectations of a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, also contributed to the downbeat mood. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 53.76 points, or 0.3%, at 18,169.27, as shares of Home Depot weighed on blue-chips with a 3.2% decline. Earlier, the average had been down as many as 71 points. The Nasdaq Composite Index gave up 26.45 points, or 0.5%, to wrap at 5,283.40. The S&P 500 declined by 8.17 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.16. Nine of the 11 main sectors ended in the red. The consumer-discretionary closed off 1.2%, while materials lost 1%. Shares of Dow component 3M fell 2.9% after reporting earnings that beat Wall Street expectations, but the company posted sales that were flat relative to the prior year and reduced the top end of its yearly earnings forecast. Market participants have been wrestling with third-quarter earnings that have outperformed lowered expectations, but a number of companies have cut their annual outlooks, which has raised questions about future earnings. Investors were eager to find out the results from two of the tech giants this week, with Apple reporting after the closing bell on Tuesday. Traders continued to eye economic data for hints on the prospects for a Federal Reserve interest-rate increase before the end of the year. Higher rates tend to send investors away from precious metals into investments that carry a yield. A reading on consumer confidence Tuesday showed a decline to 98.6 in October, a three-month low, from 103.5 in September. The FHFA Housing Price Index for August rose 0.7%, which followed an increase of 0.5% in July. Separately, the Case-Shiller 20-city Home Price Index for August rose 5.1%, which fell in-line with the consensus. This followed the previous month's unrevised reading of 5.0%. Shares in Whirlpool dropped 11% after the appliance maker reported third-quarter profit and sales that missed expectations, and issued a downbeat outlook. Merck & Co. rose 2% after the drugmaker's third-quarter earnings and sales came in above expectations. Chemicals maker DuPont& Co. shares fell 0.7% despite the company raising its yearly profit forecast and better-than-expected quarterly earnings. The company is working on its merger with Dow Chemical. Procter & Gamble gained 3.4% after the consumer goods company reported earnings ahead of forecasts. Lockheed Martin shares jumped 7.4% after the aerospace company posted higher-than-expected revenue and hiked its dividend. Baker Hughes shares rallied 4.3% after the oil-field services company reported a narrower-than-expected loss. General Motors shares ended down 4.2% even as auto giant's quarterly profit doubled. GM also posted higher revenue on strong U.S. truck sales. But it signaled continued weakness in Europe because of the fallout from the U.K.'s pending exit from the European Union, or Brexit. Crude futures fell on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 with prices in New York settling below $50 a barrel for the first time in just over a week, pressured by the possibility that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' plan to curb output will fail after Iraq signaled unwillingness to take part in the proposed deal. December West Texas Intermediate crude fell by 56 cents, or 1.1%, to settle at $49.96 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. That was the lowest settlement and first finish below $50 since 17 October 2016. OPEC members in late September reached a preliminary agreement to limit the group's daily production to between 32.5 million to 33 million barrels a day. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Tuesday, 25 october 2016. Gold futures settled Tuesday at their highest level in about three weeks, rebounding from the previous day's decline as uncertainty ahead of the U.S. presidential election, some weakness in the U.S. dollar and a fall in domestic equities boosted the metal's appeal. December gold rose $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,273.60 an ounce. Prices settled at their highest level since 3 October 2016. Prices are still down about 3.1% so far this month. December silver gained 17.6 cents, or 1%, to $17.78 an ounce. Treasuries finished on a mixed note with the short end of the curve underperforming. The yield on the 2-yr note rose two basis points to 0.86% while the yield on the benchmark 10-yr note ended down one basis point at 1.76%. Today's trading volume was below the average of 853 million as 819 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Tomorrow's economic data will include the weekly MBA Mortgage Index and International Trade in Goods for September, which will be released at 7:00 ET and 8:30 ET, respectively. The day's data will be capped off with the 10:00 ET release of New Home Sales for September (consensus 610k). Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US stocks end in the red Lackluster spate of earnings and weak economic data affect momentum U.S. stocks finished lower on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 giving back some of the previous day's advance as worries about a lackluster spate of earnings and a slip in a reading of consumer confidence weighed on market sentiment. A drop in the price of oil below $50 a barrel, lingering uncertainty about the U.S. presidential election and growing expectations of a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, also contributed to the downbeat mood. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 53.76 points, or 0.3%, at 18,169.27, as shares of Home Depot weighed on blue-chips with a 3.2% decline. Earlier, the average had been down as many as 71 points. The Nasdaq Composite Index gave up 26.45 points, or 0.5%, to wrap at 5,283.40. The S&P 500 declined by 8.17 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.16. Nine of the 11 main sectors ended in the red. The consumer-discretionary closed off 1.2%, while materials lost 1%. Shares of Dow component 3M fell 2.9% after reporting earnings that beat Wall Street expectations, but the company posted sales that were flat relative to the prior year and reduced the top end of its yearly earnings forecast. Market participants have been wrestling with third-quarter earnings that have outperformed lowered expectations, but a number of companies have cut their annual outlooks, which has raised questions about future earnings. Investors were eager to find out the results from two of the tech giants this week, with Apple reporting after the closing bell on Tuesday. Traders continued to eye economic data for hints on the prospects for a Federal Reserve interest-rate increase before the end of the year. Higher rates tend to send investors away from precious metals into investments that carry a yield. A reading on consumer confidence Tuesday showed a decline to 98.6 in October, a three-month low, from 103.5 in September. The FHFA Housing Price Index for August rose 0.7%, which followed an increase of 0.5% in July. Separately, the Case-Shiller 20-city Home Price Index for August rose 5.1%, which fell in-line with the consensus. This followed the previous month's unrevised reading of 5.0%. Shares in Whirlpool dropped 11% after the appliance maker reported third-quarter profit and sales that missed expectations, and issued a downbeat outlook. Merck & Co. rose 2% after the drugmaker's third-quarter earnings and sales came in above expectations. Chemicals maker DuPont& Co. shares fell 0.7% despite the company raising its yearly profit forecast and better-than-expected quarterly earnings. The company is working on its merger with Dow Chemical. Procter & Gamble gained 3.4% after the consumer goods company reported earnings ahead of forecasts. Lockheed Martin shares jumped 7.4% after the aerospace company posted higher-than-expected revenue and hiked its dividend. Baker Hughes shares rallied 4.3% after the oil-field services company reported a narrower-than-expected loss. General Motors shares ended down 4.2% even as auto giant's quarterly profit doubled. GM also posted higher revenue on strong U.S. truck sales. But it signaled continued weakness in Europe because of the fallout from the U.K.'s pending exit from the European Union, or Brexit. Crude futures fell on Tuesday, 25 October 2016 with prices in New York settling below $50 a barrel for the first time in just over a week, pressured by the possibility that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' plan to curb output will fail after Iraq signaled unwillingness to take part in the proposed deal. December West Texas Intermediate crude fell by 56 cents, or 1.1%, to settle at $49.96 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. That was the lowest settlement and first finish below $50 since 17 October 2016. OPEC members in late September reached a preliminary agreement to limit the group's daily production to between 32.5 million to 33 million barrels a day. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Tuesday, 25 october 2016. Gold futures settled Tuesday at their highest level in about three weeks, rebounding from the previous day's decline as uncertainty ahead of the U.S. presidential election, some weakness in the U.S. dollar and a fall in domestic equities boosted the metal's appeal. December gold rose $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,273.60 an ounce. Prices settled at their highest level since 3 October 2016. Prices are still down about 3.1% so far this month. December silver gained 17.6 cents, or 1%, to $17.78 an ounce. Treasuries finished on a mixed note with the short end of the curve underperforming. The yield on the 2-yr note rose two basis points to 0.86% while the yield on the benchmark 10-yr note ended down one basis point at 1.76%. Today's trading volume was below the average of 853 million as 819 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Tomorrow's economic data will include the weekly MBA Mortgage Index and International Trade in Goods for September, which will be released at 7:00 ET and 8:30 ET, respectively. The day's data will be capped off with the 10:00 ET release of New Home Sales for September (consensus 610k). Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Malaysia Stock Market May Open Under Pressure 10/25/2016 7:30 PM ET The Malaysia stock market gave up less than a point on Tuesday - but that was enough to end the modest two-day winning streak in which it had gathered more than 10 points or 0.6 percent. The Kuala Lumpur Composite Index remains just above the 1,675-point plateau, and the market is looking at another soft start on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The KLCI finished barely lower on Tuesday as losses from the plantation stocks and industrial issues were mitigated by support from the financial shares. For the day, the index eased 0.33 points or 0.02 percent to finish at 1,677.43 after trading between 1,673.18 and 1,677.44. Volume was 1.43 billion shares worth 1.8 billion ringgit. There were 421 decliners and 334 gainers, with 408 stocks finishing unchanged. Among the actives, MISC, Public Bank, Maxis and BAT all finished lower, while IHH Healthcare was unchanged and Sime Darby, Tenaga Nasional, Hong Leong Bank and Maybank all ended higher. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Lower Open Expected For Indonesia Stock Market 10/25/2016 10:00 PM ET The Indonesia stock market on Tuesday ended the modest two-day winning streak in which it had gathered almost 20 points or 0.4 percent. The Jakarta Composite Index now rests just beneath the 5,400-point plateau, and the market may extend its losses on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The JCI finished modestly lower on Tuesday following weakness from the telecoms and mixed performances from the financial shares and resource stocks. For the day, the index sank 23.18 points or 0.43 percent to finish at the daily low of 5,397.82 after peaking at 5,436.21. There were 161 decliners and 154 gainers, with 98 stocks finishing unchanged. Among the actives, Astra Agro Lestari climbed 1.79 percent, while Aneka Tambang shed 0.60 percent, Vale Indonesia added 0.37 percent, Bank Negara Indonesia collected 0.46 percent, Bank Danamon Indonesia plummeted 2.76 percent, XL Axiata skidded 2.42 percent, Indocement picked up 0.30 percent and Indofood jumped 1.05 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Continued Selling Pressure Tipped For KOSPI 10/25/2016 7:00 PM ET The South Korea stock market turned lower again on Tuesday, one session after it had halted the two-day slide in which it had fallen almost 8 points or 0.4 percent. The KOSPI settled just above the 2,035-point plateau, and the market may take further damage on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The KOSPI finished modestly lower on Tuesday as losses from the technology stocks and cosmetics companies were tempered by support from the financial shares and the automobile producers. For the day, the index shed 10.57 points or 0.52 percent to finish at 2,037.17 after trading between 2,031.25 and 2,042.65. Volume was 294 million shares worth 4.82 trillion won. There were 583 decliners and 232 gainers. Among the actives, Samsung Electronics lost 0.68 percent, while LG Electronics skidded 2.34 percent, Korea Electric Power shed 0.68 percent, AmorePacific plummeted 7.12 percent, SK hynix spiked 2.24 percent, Hyundai Motor advanced 2.6 percent, Kia Motors added 0.73 percent, Shinhan Financial collected 0.46 percent, Lotte Chemical climbed 1.64 percent and Hanjin Shipping tumbled 5.97 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Aims At Higher Opening Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 European Shares Cling To Gains After Data Deluge FTSE 100 Breaches 6800 As Pound Extends Slide CAC 40 Extends Gains As Oil Rallies DAX Gives Up Early Gains <<Previous        50 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Taiwan Bourse Due For Consolidation 10/25/2016 8:30 PM ET The Taiwan stock market has tracked higher in back-to-back sessions, advancing almost 80 points or 0.9 percent along the way. The Taiwan Stock Exchange now rests just above the 9,385-point plateau, although the market is ripe for profit taking on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The TSE finished modestly higher on Tuesday following gains from the technology stocks and the financial shares. For the day, the index gained 63.15 points or 0.68 percent to finish at 9,385.65 after trading between 9,334.80 and 9,399.97 on turnover of 64.30 billion Taiwan dollars. Among the actives, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company climbed 1.05 percent, while AU Optronics perked 1.56 percent, Largan Precision tumbled 1.46 percent, Hon Hai Precision advanced 1.78 percent, Pegatron jumped 1.92 percent, MediaTek spiked 2.10 percent, Formosa Petrochemical surged 3.40 percent, Fubon Financial collected 1.00 percent and Cathay Financial added 0.37 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Tata’s Shock Coup Follows Simmering Rift at India’s Biggest Firm Siddharth Vikram Philip sidyoutwit P R Sanjai talktosanjai George Smith Alexander October 26, 2016 — 12:56 AM EDT Updated on October 26, 2016 — 7:30 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Tata Heads Kept in the Dark Over Mistry's Departure Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Group faces $18 billion in writedowns, Mistry tells directors Ratan Tata met group company chiefs to reassure employees Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The agenda for Monday’s extraordinary board meeting at India’s largest conglomerate contained little hint of what was to come. Tata Sons Ltd. directors were summoned to the group’s fabled Bombay House headquarters to discuss the sale of assets, its moribund U.K. steel business and the group’s legal wrangles with Japan’s NTT Docomo Inc., according to a person with knowledge of the events. But once the meeting started in the wood-paneled boardroom on the fourth floor, it took a different turn. Under a portrait of the formidable J R D Tata, the board wrested back chairmanship of the steel-to-software business empire for 78-year-old Ratan Tata, ousting his protege Cyrus Mistry, 48, in a coup that stunned India’s business community. Mistry said he was shocked at the nature of his dismissal and described the board meeting as illegal and invalid, according to an e-mail he sent to Tata directors. Ratan Tata had met Mistry earlier on Monday to present him with options, according to three people with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the meeting was private. "I have to say that the Board of Directors has not covered itself with glory," Mistry said in the letter, a copy of which was seen by Bloomberg News. "To ‘replace’ your Chairman without so much as a word of explanation and without affording him an opportunity to defending himself in a summary manner must be unique in the annals of corporate history." In the e-mail, Mistry also warned that the tea-to-software giant may face 1.18 trillion rupees ($18 billion) in writedowns because of five unprofitable businesses he inherited. The rift had been brewing for months, said people who work with senior Tata executives and asked not to be named because the matter is private. It was a clash of styles, a feeling that Mistry, handpicked by Tata, wasn’t adhering to the traditional values of a company that had previously been led by a person related to the Tata family. Key to the showdown was a $1.17 billion legal battle with former partner Docomo over an Indian telecom venture. Docomo is trying to enforce a London Court of International Arbitration decision ordering Tata Sons to pay the sum for failing to uphold a contract. That venture was created during Ratan Tata’s 21-year period at the helm, and Mistry’s handling of the matter was seen by some as an erosion of the Tata Sons ethic of honoring commitments, according to the people. “The biggest challenge for an organization is planning for succession, especially following the tenure of a very successful CEO,” said Vijay Govindarajan, a professor at Dartmouth University’s Tuck School of Business. “The current leadership crisis is an unwanted distraction.” Mistry’s handling of troubles at other group businesses were also causing concern, according to the people, including the break-up of Tata Steel’s European empire, which Ratan Tata helped acquire. Spokesmen for Ratan Tata and Mistry declined to comment. For a QuickTake Q&A on Tata Group, click here. Yet if Mistry’s way of doing things was rankling the old guard, he also had successes in an increasingly difficult business climate. Ratan Tata had swelled group revenues more than 60-fold to $100 billion with a campaign of expansion abroad that included the troubled European steelmaker Corus Group Plc and marquee brands such as Land Rover, Jaguar, Tetley tea and New York’s Pierre hotel. With the slowdown in China dragging on global trade and Brexit concerns further damping European operations, Mistry was trying to unwind some of that growth and pay back part of the debt Tata had built up to pay for the acquisitions. And while the steel and power businesses were losing money, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., the group’s largest unit, has pushed into cloud computing and digital services to weather lackluster global IT spending, beating analysts’ estimates in the process. "I am stunned,” said S. Manikutty, a former professor at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, who closely tracks Indian conglomerates and family businesses. “It was completely unexpected because Mr. Mistry was trying to remove important cobwebs from the Tata stable.” That didn’t save him. The day after his ouster, the corridors of Bombay House, Tata Group’s austere headquarters for 92 years in downtown Mumbai, were quiet, with most staff still in shock at the news. Traffic jammed the street outside, while reporters, TV crews and onlookers thronged the building. Media Speculation As rumors flew and media speculation mounted, Ratan Tata called together the chief executives of the group’s businesses to calm the ship. There would be continuity in all branches of the business without any issues, he told them in a 25-minute gathering, according to an executive who was present. Tata said he was keen to honor decisions made by Mistry, the person said. To read a Gadfly column on the Tata ouster, click here Ratan Tata is the latest in a long line of so-called boomerang CEOs who retook control after stepping down or being ousted. The late Steve Jobs revived Apple Inc. after more than a decade in the wilderness, A. G. Lafley made a two-year return performance at Procter & Gamble Co., Howard Schultz came back to give Starbucks Corp. another shot, and Narayana Murthy made a brief return as executive chairman at Tata’s IT rival Infosys Ltd. Now Ratan Tata’s search for a successor is back where it started. After grooming Mistry for a year before he took over, Tata and four other prominent leaders -- Venu Srinivasan, Amit Chandra, Ronen Sen and Kumar Bhattacharyya -- are part of the panel formed to find a new chairman within four months. For a story on Ratan Tata’s investment after stepping down in 2012, click here “This will mean another period of uncertainty to Tata stakeholders,” said Morgen Witzel, author of “Tata: The Evolution of a Corporate Brand.” He called the pledge to find a new leader within four months, “a heroic undertaking, given how long it took them to choose Mr. Mistry in the first place.” Tata himself has said that it’s not easy to spot a true leader. At a meeting with young entrepreneurs in Singapore in late March, he was asked about the qualities that make a chief. He responded that it wasn’t easy to tell how someone would respond until they were in the job. “The final test is crisis that one faces,” he answered at the time, speaking generally. “Someone who deals with that crisis with his sleeves rolled up, as against those who hold on, is finally the mark of a real leader.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Ratan Naval Tata Cyrus Pallonji Mistry India Tata Sons Ltd Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Earnings, consumer confidence weigh on markets 25 Oct 2016 Stocks were unable to hold onto early gains as investors reacted to lackluster earnings news and a pullback in consumer sentiment measured by the Conference Board. Jeanne Yurman reports. Video Transcript Apple reported a third straight quarterly decline in iPhone sales, its top selling product after the bell Tuesday, sending revenue slightly below Wall Street targets. Lackluster earnings news and a disappointing read on consumer confidence sent U.S. stocks lower on the day. Companies from 3M to General Motors gave cautious guidance - a potential weight on stocks says Keith Bliss of Cuttone an Company. (SOUNDBITE) KEITH BLISS, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CUTTONE AND COMPANY (ENGLISH) SAYING: So if they give us unfavorable reports number one and then poor guidance number two, we're going to continue to see this overhang on the market. General Motors quarterly results beat Street estimates but shares closed lower amid fears that slowing U.S. vehicle sales will undercut future profits. Consumer products giant Procter & Gamble's bottom line came in better than expected helped in part by cost-cutting. While Under Armour shares posted steep losses after the company said its growth rate will be slower than expected going forward. A federal judge approved the biggest auto scandal settlement in history. Volkswagen will pay nearly $15 billion for using software that cheated emissions tests. U.S. home prices continued to climb in August. An index from S&P CoreLogic Case Shiller showed more than five percent increase from the same time last year. In Europe, a mixed finish as investors weighed earnings news on both sides of the Atlantic. more from markets   Multimedia gallery The U.S.-Mexico border now gallery Supermoon of the century AUDIO Measuring HR effectiveness in the region AUDIO Brandy Scott's TED talk on happiness AUDIO How e-commerce will succeed in the Middle East AUDIO Why success is so closely tied to happiness Advertisement Most Popular Videos 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers 1 day ago - Reuters Videos Samsung buys Harman in $8 bln smart car push 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Goldman Sachs considers Frankfurt move 11 Nov 2016 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Rally May Stall For Thai Stock Market 10/25/2016 11:00 PM ET The Thai stock market has finished higher now in five straight sessions, advancing more than 30 points or 2 percent in that span. The Stock Exchange of Thailand settled just above the 1,505-point plateau, although investors may lock in gains on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The SET finished modestly higher as gains from the cement stocks and energy producers were capped by weakness from the financial sector. For the day, the index climbed 6.10 points or 0.41 percent to finish at 1,506.47 after trading between 1,496.66 and 1,508.89. Volume was 9.545 billion shares worth 47.446 billion baht. There were 573 gainers and 567 decliners, with 353 stocks finishing unchanged. Among the actives, Advanced Info was unchanged, while coal miner Banpu shed 2.08 percent, Bangkok bank lost 0.92 percent, Kasikornbank fell 0.85 percent, energy giant PTT added 0.57 percent, PTT Exploration and Production skidded 1.46 percent, PTT Global Chemical gained 0.42 percent, Siam Commercial bank dipped 0.34 percent and Siam Concrete advanced 0.39 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Aims At Higher Opening Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 European Shares Cling To Gains After Data Deluge FTSE 100 Breaches 6800 As Pound Extends Slide CAC 40 Extends Gains As Oil Rallies DAX Gives Up Early Gains <<Previous        50 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap

▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Singapore Bourse May Extend Tuesday's Losses 10/25/2016 8:00 PM ET The Singapore stock market headed south again on Tuesday, one session after it had ended the two-day losing streak in which it had surrendered almost 15 points or 0.5 percent. The Straits Times Index slipped just beneath the 2,855-point plateau, and the losses figure to accelerate on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The STI finished slightly lower on Tuesday following weakness from the properties, gains from the plantations and mixed performances from the financials and industrials. For the day, the index dipped 2.63 points or 0.09 percent to finish at 2,854.05 after trading between 2,851.26 and 2,860.74 on turnover of 713.9 million Singapore dollars. Among the actives, Golden Agri-Resources surged 5.26 percent, while CapitaLand Commercial Trust dropped 1.24 percent, SembCorp Marine tumbled 1.13 percent, Hutchison Port Holdings skidded 1.11 percent, Yangzijiang Shipbuilding gained 0.67 percent, Thai Beverage perked 0.52 percent, CapitaLand slid 0.32 percent, DBS Group fell 0.40 percent and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation collected 0.58 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. Closer to home, Singapore will provide September data for industrial production later today; in August, output was flat on month and up 0.1 percent on year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Hong Kong Market May Take Further Damage On Wednesday 10/25/2016 9:15 PM ET The Hong Kong stock market on Tuesday wrote a finish to the two-day winning streak in which it had surged nearly 600 points or 2.7 percent. The Hang Seng Index settled just above the 23,565-point plateau, and the losses may accelerate on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The Hang Seng finished slightly lower on Tuesday as losses from the financials and oil companies were tempered by support from the casinos. For the day, the index lost 38.97 points or 0.17 percent to finish at 23,565.11 after trading between 23,506.64 and 23,631.34. Among the actives, Belle International Holdings plummeted 9.14 percent, while Galaxy Entertainment surged 2.78 percent, Sands China spiked 1.59 percent, CITIC skidded 1.04 percent, Bank of China shed 0.89 percent, Industrial and Commercial bank of China retreated 0.42 percent, HSBC eased 0.25 percent, China Resources Land advanced 0.90 percent, Ping An picked up 0.85 percent and China Petroleum and Chemical (Sinopec) skidded 0.67 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Asian Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Win Streak May End For China Stock Market 10/25/2016 9:00 PM ET The China stock market has moved higher in three straight trading days, gathering more than 45 points or 1.5 percent along the way. The Shanghai Composite Index now rests just above the 3,130-point plateau, although investors figure to cash in on Wednesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets suggests mild consolidation thanks to weak earnings news and economic data, plus a decline in the price of crude oil. The European and U.S. markets were down and the Asian bourses figure to follow suit. The SCI finished slightly higher on Tuesday following gains from the financial shares and resource stocks. For the day, the index added 3.69 points or 0.12 percent to finish at 3,131.94 after trading between 3,121.05 and 3,132.50. The Shenzhen Component Index gained 0.27 percent to end at 10,871.50. Among the actives, Agricultural Bank of China collected 0.32 percent, while Bank of China gained 0.29 percent, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China picked up 0.45 percent, China Life shed 0.50 percent, China Shenhua advanced 0.40 percent, Baoshan Iron spiked 2.15 percent, China Coal Energy soared 7 percent and China Unicom slipped 1.13 percent. The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks moved lower on Tuesday, although the downside was fairly limited. The S&P 500 fell 8.17 points or 0.38 percent to 2,143.15, while the NASDAQ slid 26.43 points or 0.50 percent to 5,283.40 and the Dow lost 53.76 points or 0.30 percent to 18,169.27. The weakness came as traders reacted to the latest earnings news, with Sonic (SONC) reporting better than expected fiscal Q4 earnings but providing disappointing guidance. Also, Under Amour (UA) said its growth rate was slowing, while Procter & Gamble (PG) reported results that beat estimates. In economic news, the Conference Board noted a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in October. Falling crude oil prices also weighed as Dec. WTI oil fell 56 cents or 1.1 percent to $49.96/bbl. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Asian Market News Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Sensex Plunges 514 Points On Capital Outflow Worries; Nifty Nears 8,200 Asian Shares Mixed In Cautious Trade Sensex Slumps 385 Points In Early Trade, Nifty Slips Below 8,200 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Higher Despite Mixed Global Cues More Pain Predicted For Thai Stock Market Have Indonesia Stocks Found Their Floor? Oversold Hong Kong Shares Nonetheless Called Lower Rally May Stall For China Stock Market Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Soft Start Seen For Singapore Shares <<Previous        68 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print Markets Live: Wesfarmers falls most since GFC Patrick Commins, Jens Meyer facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The ASX 200 hit a five-week low with Wesfarmers a low-light amid a broad sell-off, while the Aussie jumped on firmer inflation data. Q3 inflation rises to 0.7%, but economists remain worried about soft core inflation Battle for market share is hurting Coles, where sales growth has slowed again Ardent Leisure shares plunge further following tragic Dreamworld accident No respite for Bega Cheese as shares extend slide following gloomy JV outlook Will NAB cut its dividend tomorrow? Goldman and Citi reckon it will happen Iron ore price jumps more than 4% above $US60, but this time it's not speculation Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:47pm on 26 Oct 2016 That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments. See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:34pm on 26 Oct 2016 Shares plunged at the open and then showed no signs of a recovery as investors sniffed the air and decided it was time to sell. The ASX 200 index shed 83 points or 1.5 per cent to 5360, with only one in 10 constituents managing to finish in the green. The Aussie dollar maintained its post-CPI gains at 76.9 US cents after starting the session at more like 76.5 US cents. A poor lead from Wall St and a falling oil price set a sour mood early before an underwhelming sales update from supermarket giant Wesfarmers confirmed that this was not going to be a good day on the boards. The owner of Coles dropped a hefty 5.7 per cent - its worst day since the GFC! The big four banks all fell more or less in lockstep, adding to the sense of indiscriminate selling. In the end they were all lower by between 0.9 per cent and 1.4 per cent. NAB fell 1.2 per cent ahead of its annual profit result tomorrow. Ardent Leisure plunged 15 per cent a day after news broke of fatalities at its Dreamworld park on the Gold Coast. Bega Cheese also extended its losses following yesterday's trading update, dropping 3 per cent. Investors rushed to sell associated names: Bellamy's dropped 5.7 per cent and Blackmores 6.3 per cent. But a stock that has come under pressure of late, Ramsay Health Care, managed to climb 1.5 per cent for a second session. Some dividend darlings also got whacked: Transurban by 2.4 per cent and Sydney Airport 3 per cent. Falling oil prices put the energy sector under pressure, dropping 2.5 per cent as a group. BHP lost 1.5 per cent. But iron ore, coal and gold miners were feeling the love and were rare bright spots. Rio climbed 1.7 per cent and Fortescue 0.9 per cent after the price of the bulk commodity jumped 4.5 per cent on Tuesday night and as analysts suggested the rally looked based on fundamentals. 3:55pm on 26 Oct 2016 ASX aspirant Autosports Group's' initial public offering is on track to price at $2.40 a share, equating to a multiple of 17.2 times forecast net profit, The AFR's Street Talk column has revealed. It's understood the book was well-covered to price at $2.40, however, the final decision is in the hands of the Tom Pockett-chaired company. If the deal is priced at $2.40, it means the company has raised $160.1 million for a $482.4 million market capitalisation.  Sponsor brokers Macquarie Capital and UBS started allocations to fund managers this afternoon.  Autosports had been seeking to raise up to $160.1 million at $2.10 to $2.40 a share. The price range was set at 15-times to 17.2-times forecast profit after tax and amortisation. Car dealership owner Autosports Group makes about 40 per cent of its revenue from Audi cars.  Photo: Samuel Hall 3:50pm on 26 Oct 2016 Movements in sharemarkets are fuelled by information and ideas. Often it's the information and ideas of broker analysts, who feed their clients with stock recommendations, earnings forecasts and trading strategies, that move the market the most. For decades, they have sat at the nerve centre of investment banks. But the "sell-side" research model is being attacked from all sides. As brokerage trading profits slide, well-resourced research teams are being trimmed back rapidly to manage costs. Meanwhile, active fund managers are also under pressure over fees, as they compete with low-cost passive funds that charge much smaller fees – and have no use for any research. Larger institutions are also reviewing their trading arrangements to ensure the cost of brokerage means they're not overpaying for research when they reward brokers via trading commissions. But an even bigger threat is emerging. New rules to be introduced in Europe, as part of the MiFId II reforms, will force buy-side funds to formally "unbundle" the price they pay to execute trades, and the price they pay for research. That could be devastating. Fund managers, traders, analysts and banking heads are asking whether this reform will spread to the rest of the world. Those fears may be well founded. AFR Street Talk reported on Wednesday that Colonial First State's Stewart Investors will now start paying for equity research out of its own pocket. Here's more at the AFR ($) Sell-side research faces new threats. Photo: Christopher Pearce 3:49pm on 26 Oct 2016 After a long awaited $361 million takeover offer from South African-based discounter Steinhoff, shareholders in furniture retailer Fantastic Holdings were ready to crack open the champagne at the company's annual meeting today. However, major shareholder and chairman Julian Tertini put a dampener on the party mood, telling shareholders there were risks to Steinhoff's $3.50 a share offer and the company intended to press on with its strategy in case the scheme of arrangement did not proceed. "Your board is unanimously in favour of the proposal but we recognise there is a long process to work through still and there are risks to it proceeding," said Mr Tertini. ​"Accordingly, we are continuing to run the business in the ordinary and usual manner," he said. In the first four months of 2017, total sales from continuing businesses rose 6 per cent, despite supply chain disruptions following the collapse of a major supplier. Mr Tertini also dismissed the likelihood of a rival bid, even though the company and key institutional shareholders were approached by private equity investors earlier this year. "I confirm that there are no other offers or discussions happening with other parties," he said. Shareholders are also understood to have lobbied for Mr Tertini to stand down as chairman in favour of RCG Corp chairman Ivan Hammerschlag, who bought shares in Fantastic earlier this year at around $1.90. However, sources said Mr Tertini was reluctant to stand aside for Mr Hammerschlag, who succeeded him as boss of Freedom Furniture in the 1990s. Mr Tertini incurred a protest vote at the AGM, with 29 per cent of shares voted against his re-election as a non-executive director because he is not seen as independent. Shareholders said Mr Tertini's comments were surprising, but believe he was trying to encourage minority investors to vote in favour of the Steinhoff proposal amid talk that the shares were worth closer to $4 if franking credits were taken into account. The shares last fetched $3.45. "There are some rumblings out there and one or two shareholders are agitating for a bit more  -  if this board was not so complex we'd be pushing for a higher price," one fund manager said. Fantastic chairman and major shareholder Julian Tertini has warned shareholders there are risks to Steinhoff's $361 million takeover offer but no rival bidders. Photo: Rob Homer Back to top 3:33pm on 26 Oct 2016 Perth housing is showing signs of recovery and first-time buyers are returning to Brisbane, diversified property group Stockland says in its first 2017 quarter update.  While Stockland's residential division kicked off the year strongly, it was its retail division that shone.  "Our focus on growing asset returns, broadening our customer base and taking advantage of supportive market conditions has resulted in a strong September quarter," chief executive Mark Steinert said.  In residential, the group achieved a record number of deposits for its residential lots and townhouses - it collected 2301 net deposits up from 1,557 at the same time last year.  "We see continued high demand in the Sydney and Melbourne markets and an encouraging return of first home buyers in south east Queensland, who are taking advantage of the Queensland First Home Owners' Grant, which was recently increased to $20,000," residential chief executive Andrew Whitson said. "We remain on track to achieve more than 6000 residential settlements for the full year and see constructive signs for an elongated property cycle." Sydney and Melbourne remained its strongest markets with the medium density sector performing well. The medium density market continues to be in short supply but a move to expedite the medium density development by the NSW government should improve conditions.  Overall, Stockland expects a more moderate "sales run rate" for the rest of the year and extended settlement periods for both Sydney and Melbourne. Importantly it is starting to see "early signs of a stabilisation in the WA market".  Stockland's retail business was the biggest contributor to group earnings and the strongest retail categories were communications technology, food catering and casual dining and retail services. Sales for the quarter lifted by 2.4 per cent, with comparable specialty sales up 1.1 per cent versus last year. Stockland is seeking approval to build 530 new apartments in three buildings in Brisbane's inner west suburb of Toowong.  3:19pm on 26 Oct 2016 Stockbrokers are slashing their estimates of fair value for Bega Cheese shares. We've already heard from analysts at Bell Potter (see post at 10:40am), and Morgans number crunchers have also raised the fact that the cheese maker's infant formula venture with Blackmores has been discounting product "heavily in what is an already overcrowded category". Bell Potter has slashed to $5.19 from $6.32 its 12-month price target for the company's shares as Morgans cut its target to $4.90 from $6.20 before Bega Cheese's annual general meeting Tuesday where the processor warned of problems with the entry into the infant milk formula market. The stock last fetched $5.20. Both of the analysts were also cautious over milk production volumes across south east Australia down 11 per cent so far this year. "The loss of the Coles private label contract from January 2017 to Murray Goulburn will impact FY17, despite the win of the much smaller Woolworths contract," Morgans told its clients. Morningstar's Chris Kallos expects it may take time for the venture to gain traction in the infant milk formula market. "While [Blackmores] is well established in the Australian vitamin and supplement market given its long history, Blackmores is a relative newcomer to the infant formula space," Morningstar's Kallos told clients this morning. "Notwithstanding the general competitive and regulatory risks associated with building a business in China, we remain positive on the commercial opportunity." And at least one analyst reckons the recent share price pain could be a good opportunity to take a punt on. The market has "overreacted", Saxo Capital Markets strategist Kay Van-Petersen said. "Bega Cheese is in a class of one in the Australian market and one of the few pure plays on the Asia protein trade; that is, feeding the emerging middle classes of the Asian economies," he said, pointing to technical trading indicators that suggests "we are in oversold territory". Van-Petersen said he was long at $5.17 per share, with a stop-loss trigger at $4.60, or 11 per cent below. He added that the "trade horizon" looks like three to six months. 2:58pm on 26 Oct 2016 We mentioned earlier that the ASX is the region's underperformer. What's going on? Sentiment around the region has been hit by a mix of falling oil prices and worries about US earnings after Apple and a few others underwhelmed. And then it only took some disappointing updates from Wesfarmers and Ainsworth to exacerbate the local gloom.  "Today the market looks like it just wanted to lie down, it looks fatigued," says Frank Villante, chief investment officer at Celeste Investment Management, citing poor AGM updates as well as political uncertainties around the US election as contributing to the selloff. "It looks like a culmination of worries that have just manifest at one point. But I don't think there's one thing in particular that's sending the market down today," he said.  "The main trend that's coming out of AGM season is that it's really tough out there, it's a real grind," he said. "Most people think the US election will go a particular way, but everyone's a bit nervous in a post-Brexit context. What people thought would be obvious, often is not." The main trend coming out of AGM updates is that it's still a grind out there for companies, Frank Villante says.  Photo: Christopher Pearce 2:42pm on 26 Oct 2016 It's going to be a "tough" earnings season for Australia's biggest banks, analysts say. Full-year results due from three of the lenders -- starting with NAB tomorrow -- are poised to show that a record-breaking run of profits is coming to an end amid higher funding costs, lower interest margins and rising bad-debt charges. ANZ may report its lowest cash profit in four years, while Westpac's may be little changed, analyst surveys by Bloomberg indicate. The lenders all reported weaker-than-expected cash profit in the first half, the first time in at least a decade that three of the nation's largest lenders missed estimates at the same time, according to Bloomberg. "Its likely to be a tough half," Goldman Sachs analysts Andrew Lyons and Ashley Dalziell wrote in an Oct. 14 note to clients. "We expect margin contraction to feature." The following are the average full-year cash profit forecasts for each bank, according to a Bloomberg poll of 14 analysts: ANZ: $6.25b, down from $7.22b in fiscal 2015 Westpac: $7.83b, little changed from A$7.82b NAB: $6.51b, up from $5.84b; boosted by sale of life-insurance business CBA, the nation's largest lender, has a June fiscal year, rather than the September-end of its competitors. It's due to give a first-quarter trading update on Nov. 8. The banks' net interest margins, a key measure of lending profitability, are already at an eight-year low and analysts expect these to remain under pressure amid a rise in wholesale funding costs and intense political pressure on lenders to pass on record-low interest rates to mortgage holders. The median margin of the four banks is 2 per cent, compared to 3.1 per cent for large US banks, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Mortgages account for about two-thirds of the big four banks' loan books, on average. The nation's fixed-income investors now cite property-market exposure as the greatest risk to bank credit quality over the next year, Fitch Ratings said in an October survey. That augurs poorly for bad-loan charges. Having stayed low for years, those costs have started to drag on earnings as the end of the mining boom and New Zealand's milk crisis pressures loan repayments from the resources and dairy industries. In the first half of the year, collective impairment charges for the four big banks hit $2.5 billion, the highest level since the first half of 2010. Given the pressures faced by the banks, one focus this earnings season will be whether they can maintain high dividend-payout ratios without compromising the capital reserves demanded by regulators. ANZ cut its payout to shareholders in May for the first time since 2009. NAB and Westpac currently have payout ratios of at least 80 per cent. The six biggest lenders in Canada, which has the most profitable banks in the developed world, have an average payout ratio of 43 per cent, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Citigroup analyst Craig Williams reckons the two Australian banks will reduce dividends when they report their results, according to an Oct. 14 note. Goldman Sachs is also expecting NAB to cut. Lower dividends "would be a pragmatic step given payout ratios are now at unsustainably high levels," said Omkar Joshi, analyst at Watermark Funds Management. 2:21pm on 26 Oct 2016 Here are economist reactions to the surprise rise in headline inflation, but mostly on the still sluggish core numbers and the implications for the RBA Michael Blythe, CBA: Our view before today's numbers was that an underlying CPI rise of 0.3 per cent or less in Q3 would leave inflation trapped at the very low rates that contributed to the May and August rate cuts. As such we continue to expect the RBA to cut the cash rate to 1.25 per cent at the November Board meeting. Although we hold this view without great conviction. There is no "smoking gun" on which to hang a rate cut decision. Josh Williamson, Citi: It's important to note that the drivers of the higher-than-expected Q3 result were mostly negative supply shocks rather than representing the start of cyclical reflation. For example, the 20 per cent fruits and vegetables price rise was the result of flooding in major growing areas and the 5.4 per cent electricity price rise was from major supply outages. These events are temporary boosts to the level of inflation but shouldn't have lasting influences on the CPI or inflationary expectations. There remains a good case for further easing by the RBA, but other macro developments including higher commodity prices could reduce the urgency for a near-term rate cut.  Ivan Colhoun, NAB: The RBA is likely to leave rates unchanged in the next few months at least as it continues to monitor developments in the labour market and the flow through of previous interest rate cuts. Recent rises in commodity prices should provide some boost to sentiment in mining and WA, Queensland and the Northern Territory. Our focus in the short term is more with a possible slowing in momentum in the NSW economy than the low quarterly CPI core measures. Medium term, we remain worried that economic growth in 2018 may require further stimulus to be applied in the second half of 2017. Su-Lin Ong, RBC: The latest Q3 inflation report confirmed a subdued inflation environment across a number of measures with core inflation firmly entrenched sub target. In line with the RBA's forecasts and coupled with a mixed activity picture, this is likely to keep the RBA on the sidelines for some time although its longer-term inflation forecasts, which will remain unchanged in next week's quarterly statement on monetary policy, remain consistent with an implicit, albeit mild, easing bias. Jo Masters, ANZ: The RBA would likely be disquieted by the soft tone for underlying inflation. On this data, it is too early to conclude that disinflationary pressures are abating or even stabilising. Today's data are likely to see the RBA downgrade its inflation profile slightly in next week's SoMP. That said, we doubt the RBA would mechanically respond by cutting rates but rather would wait and closely monitor developments in inflation and wages as well as housing and the labour market over the coming months. Annette Beacher, TD Securities: The Q3 (core inflation) outcome was literally between TD's slight downward bias at 1.5 per cent and the market's 1.6 per cent, but bang on the RBA's 1.5 per cent projection as per its August Statement on Monetary Policy. There is no smoking gun for a cut next week. We see no need for the Bank to change its inflation outlook for next week's November SoMP and hence doesn't provide a discernible trigger to ease in the near term. Rahul Bajoria, Barclays: We think higher headline inflation is driven by temporary factors (adverse weather conditions), which pushed up fresh food prices. Underlying inflation pressures remain low. That said, given that Australia's economic outlook appears resilient to external shocks, and unless there is significant AUD appreciation, we think the RBA sees no urgency to ease further. The OIS market also currently prices in very low probability of RBA easing by December (8 per cent). We continue to expect the RBA to stay on hold through 2016.  Tom Kennedy, JPMorgan: We believe that the decline in inflation in recent quarters is too large for the RBA to ignore, with additional easing expected to be forthcoming in 1H17. Indeed, both headline and core inflation continue to track materially below the mid-point of the RBA's target band, with today's deceleration in the core measure a particular concern. While Australia's activity indicators remain decent, the weak inflation backdrop means the central bank is increasingly sensitive to any future wobbles in the data. As such, we retain our forecast that the RBA will lower the cash rate by a cumulative 50bp in the first half of 2017. Paul Bloxham, HSBC: This rate of underlying inflation would typically be low enough to see the RBA cut the cash rate further in response to the result. However, there are a number of differences this time around: 1.The RBA has already cut its cash rate by 50bp since May, in response to the downside surprise it got to its inflation forecasts back in April. 2. Today's numbers were not a downside surprise to the RBA's current set of published forecasts which see underlying inflation at 1.5% in Q4 2016. 3. The RBA has recently increasingly emphasised the 'flexible' nature of its inflation target, noting that inflation is often outside of the target band but it is the average over time that matters. 4. Growth is currently running at an above trend pace, which should help to lift inflation over time. 5. Commodity prices have lifted, with a particularly sharp rise in coal prices in recent months, which should also support a lift in local incomes, corporate profits, wages growth and thus inflation, over time. Back to top 1:54pm on 26 Oct 2016 Sticking with pokies, Ainsworth shares have dived more than 20 per cent after the company's poker machine sales have slumped by almost 30 per cent, and the company warned its half year pre-tax profit will more than halve. Ainsworth said competition in Australia and a reduced level of purchasing by gaming operators and casinos had resulted in sales since July 1 dropping about 30 per cent compared to a year ago. "The trends affecting the company's sales in domestic markets in the second half of 2016 have continued into the new financial year," the company said. Pre-tax profit in the six months to December 31, excluding foreign exchange movements, is expected to be about $15 million, down from $35 million in the prior corresponding period. Ainsworth said its half year financial results would also reflect greater spending in research and development to build a pipeline of new products to boost future performance. Shares are down 11 per cent at $1.80, after earlier dropping to $1.60, the lowest in more than four years. 1:39pm on 26 Oct 2016 Casino operator Crown Resorts and slot machine maker Aristocrat Leisure are being sued, over claims a pokie machine provided misleading information to customers about their chances of winning. The lawsuit, filed in the Federal Court, "will focus on the design of machines contributing to players being deliberately deceived on their prospects of winning," Maurice Blackburn said in a statement. The case is being brought by Shonica Guy, who allegedly suffered significant losses over 14 years of playing on pokies. Guy is not seeking damages but court-ordered declarations that the companies engaged in misleading conduct and an injunction banning them from continuing to provide the machine in its current configuration, the court filing said. The lawsuit comes at a time when Crown is grappling with a crisis in China after 18 company employees were detained for suspected "gambling crimes". The filing said a slot machine called Dolphin Treasure at Crown's flagship casino in Melbourne suggested its five "reels" had the same number of characters but one column had substantially more, lowering the chances a gambler would win. "If successful, the litigation will have ramifications for the design of all poker machines in the industry," Maurice Blackburn said. Crown said in a statement it will "vigorously defend any claim." While Aristocrat didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, the company said in a statement last month it "emphatically rejects any suggestion that its games are designed to encourage problem gambling." Shares in Crown and Aristocrat are both down more than 2 per cent, with shares in the former hitting a one-year low. Misleading design? Photo: Erin Jonasson 1:28pm on 26 Oct 2016 Sharemarkets around the region are in the red after Apple's earnings disappointed and as oil prices slip further - but the ASX is the clear underperformer. Japan's Nikkei is down 0.15 per cent, the Hang Seng in Hong Kong has lost 0.6 per cent, the Shanghai Composite is off 0.2 per cent and Korea's Kospi has fallen 1.3 per cent.  "Apple's forward expectations aren't great and it's susceptible to more of a pullback," said James Audiss, senior wealth manager at Shaw and Partners. "Now plenty of countries want an exemption to the OPEC output cuts and that's putting pressure on oil." Brent oil is down another 1 per cent to $US50.27, pulled down by a report of surging US crude inventories, rising output in Nigeria and squabbling among producers about a planned output cut, which together re-ignited concerns over a global supply glut. 1:14pm on 26 Oct 2016 Photo: World Bank New Zealand has overtaken Singapore as the best country in the the world to do business, according to the World Bank. Singapore slipped to second in the bank's 2017 "Doing Business" report after topping the ranking for a decade. Finland dropped out of the top 10, falling to 13th. Macedonia, which placed 92nd a decade ago, improved two spots from a year earlier to No. 10. The report ranks countries based on 11 sets of indicators such as the ease of starting a business, dealing with construction permits, accessing electricity and obtaining credit. For the first time, the Washington-based development lender took gender factors into consideration in assessing how easy it is to start a business, register property and enforce contracts. New Zealand, which has one of the fastest-growing economies in the developed world, leads the rankings with the fewest number of procedures to start a business and the shortest time to fulfil them, along with strong legal rights, the bank said. Brunei Darussalam, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Belarus and Indonesia made the biggest strides in business-friendly reforms. The US dropped to eighth spot from seventh, while Japan retained its 34th place and China rose to 78th from 84th. India's ranking was unchanged at 130th. The methods used to create the rankings have faced criticism. An independent panel appointed by World Bank President Jim Yong Kim found it used a narrow source of information and had the potential to be misinterpreted, according to a 2013 report. The rankings shouldn't be used to apply a one-size-fits-all template for development, the panel found. 12:50pm on 26 Oct 2016 Time for a midday wrap, and it's a sea of red on the bourse, led by a hefty 5 per cent drop in heavyweight Wesfarmers following its underwhelming sales update. The ASX 200 index is off 82 points or 1.5 per cent to 5361, hitting a month low. The Aussie dollar has pulled back a little from this morning's post-CPI jump, but is still 0.4 US cents higher for the day and last fetched 76.9 US cents. Winners are few and far between, with only 10 of the top 200 in the green, so the selling looks indiscriminate for the most part. The aforementioned tumble in Wesfarmers shares is the biggest drag, while Woolies is down a much more moderate 0.2 per cent and on a day like this that looks like a win. Among the winners are iron ore  and coal miners, which are still enjoying support from a climbing commodity price. Rio is up 1 per cent and Fortescue is ahead 1.4 per cent. Whitehaven Coal is up 1.9 per cent. Gold miners are ahead as well, but energy stocks are well off, down 2.7 per cent as a group as the oil price continues to fall: brent crude is off 1 per cent today at $US50.28/barrel. That has presumably contributed to the 0.9 per cent drop in BHP. The big banks are off by between 1.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent, ahead of NAB's profit result tomorrow that kicks of the bank reporting season. NAB spin-off CYBG is down 5 per cent on reports the British bank had made a bid to buy a consumer lending unit owned by RBS. And investors have continued to dump Bega Cheese after yesterday's trading update, pushing it down another 4.6 per cent, while Ardent Leisure has tumbled a further 12 per cent following yesterday afternoon's tragic accident at Dreamworld. Both stocks are now off 20 per cent in the two sessions. Winners and losers at lunch. Photo: Bloomberg Back to top 12:07pm on 26 Oct 2016 A few reactions on Twitter to the inflation numbers. Overall sense is they're nothing to get too excited about but strong enough for punters not to have to worry about what the RBA could be up to next Tuesday: Size of AUD bounce on CPI suggests market caught a bit short. Maybe now free to follow commodities higher? RBA rate cut <10% chance by Dec— Sean Callow (@seandcallow) October 26, 2016 Market seem to be ignoring core measures today.— Jacob Greber (@jacobgreber) October 26, 2016 RBA date OIS pricing being removed sharply post CPI, breakevens up, AUD firmer. Market asking if the 'Lowe' is in for CPI.. @katie_hill2— Martin Whetton (@martin_whetton) October 26, 2016 Economists, traders, market enthusiasts etc free to enjoy Melb Cup Day #NoRateCut— Brooke Corte (@brookecorte) October 26, 2016 CPI data pumps the Aussie Dollar up, but is a curb on further cuts enough to drive $AUDUSD through wedge resistance? pic.twitter.com/MuLlrWdwpH— John Kicklighter (@JohnKicklighter) October 26, 2016 The herd. Looking forward to all the PHD's living on upper levels commenting on Aussie inflation over the next 48 hours.— Peter Morgan (@psimpsonmorgan) October 26, 2016 RBA only looks at core measures.— Justin Fabo (@justinfabo) October 26, 2016 11:51am on 26 Oct 2016 The reason for the jump in the dollar back above US77¢ is that market pricing is now pretty much ruling out another RBA cut this year following the stronger than expected headline (and largely in line core) inflation numbers. Bets on a Melbourne Cup rate cut next Tuesday have dropped to just 4 per cent, from 16 per cent this morning, while chances of further easing in the first half of next year have fallen to just over 30 per cent, from 44 per cent, according to Citi. The inflation data has culled any chance of another rate cut this year, says ThinkMarkets senior market analyst Matt Simpson. "The RBA will see today's pick-up in quarterly inflation as a net positive from record low rates of 1.5 per cent, so this pushes any concerns of further easing well back into 2017." 11:35am on 26 Oct 2016 The inflation data is in, and it's a little stronger than economists had been expecting, and the Aussie dollar is climbing as a result. Headline CPI grew by 0.7 per cent over the quarter, against 0.4 per cent over the June period, bringing the annual rate to 1.3 per cent from 1 per cent. Core inflation has weakened ever-so-slightly over the September, with the trimmed mean CPI rising 0.4 per cent against the prior 0.5 per cent, leaving the annual rate unchanged at 1.7 per cent. The weighted median on a quarterly basis has similarly eased to 0.3 per cent from 0.4 per cent, ad the annual rate is steady at 1.3 per cent. The Aussie has climbed half a penny to US77 cents, the day's high. 11:24am on 26 Oct 2016 Jim Rogers, one-time hedge fund partner of George Soros, expects Donald Trump could still win the US election tipping global markets into turmoil and sending investors into agriculture and US dollars for safety. Speaking at a private event in Sydney, Rogers, who founded the Quantum Fund in the '70s with Soros, said he would not buy any bonds anywhere in the world and that he was concerned about global debt levels – even in Australia where he said politicians were not doing enough. "I suspect [the winner] will be Trump but whoever it will be it's not going to be good," Rogers said. "I hope you are all prepared because there is going to be some very serious problems in the world. Trade wars always lead to bankruptcies. "I still own a lot of US dollars because there is a lot of turmoil coming, but then I think even the dollar will get overpriced and possibly turn into a bubble." Rogers, who has held a bearish outlook for some time and whose investment performance is largely private, suggested a number of issues including the separatist political movements in Europe, struggling pension funds in the US, the failure of quantitative easing and high debt levels would all snowball into serious market turmoil. He could not be specific about timing but said the shorters always seemed to get squeezed before the market tanked. Here's more at afr.com ($) Jim Rogers says that investors should be prepared for turmoil in global markets.  Photo: Ben Rushton 11:13am on 26 Oct 2016 So where's the inflation red line for the RBA, below which it might be prompted to cut rates again? Most analysts reckon that if core inflation were to fall below 0.3 per cent over the quarter, or 1.25 per cent annually, the central bank will strongly lean towards more easing. TD Securities chief macro strategist Annette Beacher has put together four scenarios and their likely impact on the market. 1. 'NEUTRAL' (35% probability): a "consensus" quarterly core CPI increase of +0.4%/qtr and 1.55%/yr is 'as expected' cements the case for another cash rate pause at 1.5% at next Tuesday's RBA Board meeting. 'As expected', however, could still briefly lift the AUD and short bond yields as the risk of a cut next week shrinks even further to near-zero.  2. Slightly DOVISH (55%): A quarterly core CPI print closer to our +0.3%/qtr forecast may be "below consensus" but with the annual rate still printing at 1.5%/yr, does not provide a trigger for the RBA to cut next week.  However, a 'below market' print could see (market pricing) increase the risk of another cut (currently barely 50/50 by mid-2017) and puts modest downward pressure on the AUD, towards $US0.76. 3. Very DOVISH (5%): A flat or slightly negative core print provides the biggest headache for the markets and the RBA. It was the significant 0.5 percentage point downside miss earlier this year that prompted the "shock" May RBA cut, and a similar downside miss will test the RBA under Lowe. Will the Bank cut again next week on such a significant downside miss or is 1 per cent (core inflation) within Dr Lowe's tolerance? We can see markets pricing the risk of a November 1 cut jumping well past 50 per cent on this outcome, and trading closer to 100 per cent for the February 2017 RBA board meeting. Short bond yields in this case can easily retest sub-cash levels while the AUD could plunge to $US0.74 (risking the May lows of $US0.72). 4. HAWKISH (5%): An average quarterly print of +0.6 per cent/qtr or higher means a minimum 1.75 per cent over the year, and hence offers modest upside compared with the RBA projection of 1.5 per cent/yr. This hawkish outcome not only cements the case for pausing next week, the OIS curve could steepen dramatically. Why? When the RBA eventually hints at a diluted easing bias, the markets tend to swiftly shift to pricing "the next move is up" for the cash rate.  On this scenario, 3yr bond yields jump past 1.80% towards 1.90%, and the AUD could easily retest April's $US0.78 cyclical high. Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement Advertisement 205 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Sydney, You Have A Problem And I Think ... Contains: External link Proven By Science: Nice Guys Don't ... Contains: External link Most Popular Defence bosses lying on pay and conditions, say public servants Sex clubs, racial insults: Inside ANZ's New York office Big W chief executive Sally Macdonald resigns Men out-earn women by $27,000, male CEOs get $100k more Woolies' landlords revolt over Masters deal Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Defence bosses lying on pay and conditions, say public servants Australian charged over $233 million insurance fraud RBA grapples with uncertain job market, accelerating housing Trump victory tipped to push up fixed-rate loans Sex clubs, racial insults: Inside ANZ's New York office Canberra Times Trump's choice of Stephen Bannon for strategist elicits howls of outrage Defence bosses lying on pay and conditions, say public servants Coalition faces industrial relations revolt from its own staffers Australian charged over $233 million insurance fraud End of the road for sexist slogans on Wicked Campers The Sydney Morning Herald Woman burnt by iPhone 7 as she slept After a horror week, Baird just made things worse for himself Trump's choice of Stephen Bannon for strategist elicits howls of outrage Lowest point in years: Australia collapse again to surrender series Big win looms for Parramatta CBD The Age Trump's choice of Stephen Bannon for strategist elicits howls of outrage Forty teenage juvenile prisoners to be sent to adult jail Woman burnt by iPhone 7 as she slept End of the road for sexist slogans on Wicked Campers Another supermarket fruit supplier caught allegedly underpaying migrants Brisbane Times 97.3FM breakfast host Robin Bailey 'blindsided' by sacking Banker dies after crashing and setting fire to former lover's house Media conference hijacked Schoolies warned of social media risks Lowest point in years: Australia collapse again to surrender series House set on fire after occupants hid in bathroom from ex-lover: police WA Today Perth cops receive noise complaint...then join in backyard wedding Kmart's light bulb jar 'looks like a meth-smoking device' Perth diver nabs a 'stonka' three kilo plus crayfish Car breakdown ruse scams drivers between Albany and Perth Geraldton couple gets married with an Emu Export wedding cake Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Mushy Apple and other earnings could steer stocks Wednesday Patti Domm | @pattidomm Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 6:58 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Analyst on Apple: Growth as far as services</p> <p>David Garrity, GVA Research CEO, shares his reaction to Apple&#039;s fourth-quarter earnings, fresh off the earnings conference call.</p> Analyst on Apple: Growth as far as services    Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 5:08 PM ET | 01:46 Apple's mushy post-earnings performance, a flood of other earnings news and weaker oil prices could be catalysts for stocks Wednesday. Boeing, Coca-Cola and dozens of others report earnings ahead of the opening bell. Apple, which reported after the bell Tuesday, was a negative factor for stock futures in late trading. The stock was down around 3 percent after it reported a decline in profits and revenues. Apple, the biggest U.S. company, can easily impact sentiment. "I think it's psychologically very important," said Don Townswick, director of equities at Conning. "Apple earnings are almost more important for the overall market than they are for Apple." Apple net income slid nearly 20 percent to $9 billion, but earnings per share beat forecasts by a penny at $1.67. The market focused on revenues of $46.9 billion, just below consensus of $46.94 billion. Sales of the company's iPhone were 45.5 million, more than the 44.8 million expected but shipments of Mac computers were below consensus. There is also oil inventory data Wednesday morning at 10:30 a.m. EDT, and if American Petroleum Institute's late Tuesday report is a guide, there could be a bigger-than-expected build in inventories, a bearish trend. The API data showed a 4.8 million barrel increase in crude supply in the U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude sank closer to $49, after earlier closing down 1.1 percent at $49.96 per barrel, below $50 for the first time since Oct. 17. "I was expecting 2.4 million. It looks like imports rebounded by a good amount," said John Kilduff of Again Capital. Oil was lower earlier Tuesday on increasing doubt that OPEC and other oil producers will be able to make a deal to curb production and stabilize oil prices. "At some point you had to expect the market to call them out on what they're doing or not doing. Their deeds again just don't match their words, almost to a member. At some point, the rhetoric game gets played out," said Kilduff. He noted there were reports that an unnamed Russian official said that country would not cut production. There is also a $34 billion five-year note auction Wednesday, and it's being watched carefully after a soft two-year auction Tuesday. Strategists said some of the weakness — and rise in rates — had to do with anticipation about the Fed's November meeting next week. "How much do they emphasize a December rate hike? I think it's pretty much priced in and barring a disaster, they're looking for that one rate hike in 2016," said Cantor Fitzgerald rate strategist Justin Lederer. The market expects the Fed to stay on hold at the November meeting but to hike for the second time in 10 years in December, if the economy remains on track. "I don't think you're really going to see rates spike higher on this. It's not like it was a year ago when you had December hike, and the Fed was looking for four this year," he said. "Here we are and the trajectory is very shallow. Before an election, I don't think they want to see anything crazy going on, before the election." Next week's Fed meeting is six days before the presidential election, and that's one reason economists expect the Fed to wait until December. "I think the Fed being where they are now has hurt economic activity. They've sapped confidence," said Townswick. "I hope they start to raise and after the election, they don't have to be accused of politicking or either being accused of causing a recession or causing a candidate to lose." Meanwhile, earnings have been a mixed catalyst with Procter & Gamble, for instance, jumping on its report Tuesday, but fellow Dow stock 3M fell sharply on its earnings. Besides Boeing and P&G, earnings expected Wednesday morning include CNBC parent Comcast, Norfolk Southern, Northrop Grumman, GlaxoSmithKline, Ingersoll-Rand, Nasdaq, State Street, Southwest Air, Nintendo, WR Grace, Bayer and Boston Scientific. Texas Instruments, Tesla, F5 Networks, VMWare, Shutterfly, Rent-A-Center, Ocwen, Raymond James, Buffalo Wild Wings, Groupon, Samsung and dozens of others report after the closing bell. Earnings are expected to grow by 1.7 percent for the third quarter, based on results of S&P 500 companies so far and estimates, according to Thomson Reuters. Revenue growth is expected at 2.7 percent. Of the 150 S&P companies reporting as of Tuesday morning, 75 percent beat earnings estimates and 59 percent have beaten revenue estimates. There is also international trade at 8:30 a.m. EDT, Services PMI at 9:45 a.m. and new home sales at 10 a.m. Patti DommCNBC Executive News Editor SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks drop after mixed earnings results 'Picture is incredibly muddy and this is dragging the price of oil lower' Published: 10/25/2016 at 4:06 PM (CNBC) — U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday as one of the busiest days of the earnings season got under way, while oil prices slipped. “Some of the earnings that have come out have been disappointing and you have oil [lower],” said Craig Sterling, head of U.S. equity research at Pioneer Investments. “The market is kind of aimless here today.” The Dow Jones industrial average traded about 57 points lower, with 3M contributing the most losses to the tune of 33 points, offsetting a gain of 20 points from Procter & Gamble. The S&P 500 dropped around 0.4 percent, with consumer discretionary falling 1.2 percent to lead decliners. The Nasdaq composite underperformed, falling about 0.6 percent. Earlier, the three major indexes traded slightly higher. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. stocks close lower as earnings, data weigh By Ryan Vlastelica Published: Oct 25, 2016 4:02 p.m. ET Share By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday, pressured as the latest corporate results raised new concerns about whether the market's levels were justified given the pace of economic activity. Both 3M Co. [S: MMM] and Whirlpool Corp. [S: WHR] gave bearish outlooks, sending the stocks down sharply. 3M, a Dow component, fell 3%, offsetting positive results from fellow components Merck & Co. [S: MRK] and Procter & Gamble Co. [S: PG]. Sentiment was also pressured by the latest read on consumer confidence, which dropped to a three-month low in October. The Dow Jones Industrial Average [S: DJIA] fell 52.87 points, or 0.3%, to 18,170.16, while the S&P 500 [S: SPX] lost 8.1 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.22. The Nasdaq Composite Index [S: COMP] shed 26.43 points, or 0.5%, to 5,283.4. Read the full story: Stock market ends lower after lackluster earnings, drop in consumer confidence MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Wall St. slips on earnings; Apple falls late after results By Rodrigo Campos25 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos A woman passes by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) during the morning commute in New York City, U.S., October 21, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and forecasts from companies in sectors including housing and consumer products failed to live up to expectations. Apple , the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, posted after the bell better-than-expected iPhone sales that however continued a declining trend and shares fell about 2 percent, briefly dragging S&P 500 futures to session lows. During the regular session, Whirlpool , down 10.8 percent to $152.09, cited soft demand as it posted lower-than-expected earnings and gave an underwhelming forecast. Sherwin Williams' outlook also disappointed Wall Street and shares fell 10.9 percent to $247.61. Both were an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.5 percent at $123.34 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. Lowes Cos fell 3.5 percent to $68.47. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.4 percent to $86.97 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.2 percent to $32.89 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. “We had a rally (Monday) and haven’t been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, calling the day’s earnings a "mixed bag." Overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. Futures were also pressured after the bell by a late decline in oil prices after data showed a bigger-than-expected build in U.S. crude inventories. 3M fell 2.9 percent to $166.23 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. Caterpillar lost 1.8 percent after a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.53-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and nine new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 67 new highs and 73 new lows. About 6.39 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, in line with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times U.K. inflation unexpectedly eases in October moneycontrol.com All-Party meet: PM Modi asks Opposition to peacefully discuss all issues Ani Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema Bank manager fraudulently withdraws Rs 1.5 crore, absconding English Pradesh18 Vodafone loss doubles to $5.5 billion due to India write-down Deccan Herald Kejriwal accuses Modi of receiving bribe as Gujarat CM IANS India Private Limited Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Vishal Dadlani Slams PM Modi’s Demonetisation Initiative, Invites The Wrath Of Twitterati Business of Cinema Gold Imports Jump Over 2-Fold To $3.5 Billion In October profit.ndtv.com Indelible ink to prevent multiple cash withdrawals IANS India Private Limited Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance Kishwer Merchant's Bachelorette Party Is A Dream Come True For Every Bride Bollywoodshaadis.com Amitabh Bachchan FINALLY Speaks Up On Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s Role In Ae Dil Hai Mushkil! Business of Cinema 'RUMOURS' with 'Tube light' helped Kabir Khan ! IANS India Private Limited How to Reduce Hair Loss: 25 Easy Ways! Practo Help Privacy Suggestions Terms

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slips on earnings; Procter jumps By Reuters Published: 15:40 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 15:40 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, Oct 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped from two-week highs on Tuesday as results and outlooks from companies in various sectors, including housing and consumer products, failed to live up to expectations. Whirlpool cited soft demand as it posted lower-than- expected earnings and gave an underwhelming guidance, while Sherwin Williams' outlook was also a disappointment for Wall Street, an indication to some analysts that the housing sector may be cooling. "Lackluster results from Whirlpool and Sherwin Williams may indicate a slowing in the housing cycle," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. She said those results could be weighing on Home Depot , which was down 3.3 percent at $123.60 as the largest points decliner on the S&P 500. 3M fell 3 percent to $166.14 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. But overall, annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, effectively putting an end to an earnings recession, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average was off 45.71 points, or 0.25 percent, to 18,177.32, the S&P 500 lost 7.49 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,143.84 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 28.13 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,281.70. Caterpillar slipped 1.7 percent after giving a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.3 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Consumer products company Procter & Gamble rose 3.9 percent to $87.35 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit, while sportswear maker Under Armour fell 13.1 percent to $32.94 after it reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.51-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.16-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 57 new highs and 71 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St lower as earnings from some big names disappoint By Reuters Published: 12:55 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 12:55 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Oct 25 (Reuters) - Disappointing corporate results from several heavyweights dragged down Wall Street as investors looked for clues regarding the timing of the next interest rate hike ahead of a Fed meeting next week. 3M fell 3 percent to $165.03 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. The stock was the biggest drag on the Dow. Whirlpool fell 10.5 percent to $152.60 after the home appliances maker's revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. The dollar index was little changed at 98.69 against a basket of major currencies, after hitting its highest level since early February. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. "We've had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed meeting next week," said Jeff Zipper, managing director for investments at Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank in Palm Beach, Florida. Annualized third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 percent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 percent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 percent. "There is certainly some uncertainty around the election and the Fed and Brexit too," said Zipper. While investors aren't expecting the Fed to raise rates when it meets next week, they will be looking for clues regarding the trajectory of future hikes. Traders are pricing in a 74 percent chance for a December hike, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. At 12:44 p.m. ET (1644 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was down 48.21 points, or 0.26 percent, at 18,174.82, the S&P 500 was down 7.94 points, or 0.37 percent, at 2,143.39 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 28.71 points, or 0.54 percent, at 5,281.12. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the materials index falling 0.98 percent. Sherwin-Williams fell 10 percent and weighed the most on the index. The consumer discretionary sector also fell 1.09 percent as poor results from Sherwin-Williams weighed on Home Depot. Home Depot weighed the most on the S&P. Caterpillar slipped 1.6 percent after giving a downbeat forecast, while General Motors fell 4.2 percent amid fears regarding future profits. Procter & Gamble rose 3.8 percent to $87.32 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, slipped 0.15 percent to $117.47. Under Armour fell 13.9 percent to $32.58 after the sportswear maker reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Oil prices fell 1 percent, with U.S. crude breaking below $50 per barrel for a second straight day ahead of weekly data that could show a build in domestic inventories. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,828 to 1,039. On the Nasdaq, 1,894 issues fell and 789 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 10 new 52-week highs and eight new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 50 new highs and 55 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:42 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall St falls as earnings from some big names disappoint Tuesday October 25, 2016 11:44 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Experts: Trump govt needs US$1b effort to fight extremism Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The dollar rises to its highest level since early February, weighing on the earnings of multinationals. — Reuters file picNEW YORK, Oct 25 — Disappointing corporate results from several heavyweights dragged Wall Street as investors looked for clues regarding the timing of the next interest rate hike ahead of a Fed meeting next week. 3M fell 3.2 per cent to US$165.83 after the maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes trimmed its full-year revenue and earnings forecasts for the second time. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P and Dow. Whirlpool fell 11.2 per cent to US$151.37 after the home appliances maker’s revenue took a hit from a strong dollar. The dollar index was up 0.26 per cent at 99.02 against a basket of major currencies, its highest level since early February. A strong dollar could dent the earnings of large multinationals. “We’ve had some mixed earnings today and the market right now is digesting earnings and positioning itself ahead of the Fed meeting next week,” said Jeff Zipper, managing director for investments at Private Client Reserve at US Bank in Palm Beach, Florida. Annualised third-quarter earnings from S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 1.7 per cent, following four quarters of contraction, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Of the 150 companies that have reported so far, 75.3 per cent have beaten analyst expectations, above the long-term average of 63.5 per cent. “There is certainly some uncertainty around the election and the Fed and Brexit too,” said Zipper. While investors aren’t expecting the Fed to raise rates when it meets next week, they will be looking for clues regarding the trajectory of future hikes. Traders are pricing in a 74 per cent chance for a December hike, according to CME Group’s FedWatch tool. At 11:05am ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 32.12 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 18,190.91, the S&P 500 was down 6.02 points, or 0.28 per cent, at 2,145.31 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 17.97 points, or 0.34 per cent, at 5,291.86. Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the materials index’s 1.03 per cent fall leading the decliners. Sherwin-Williams fell 10 per cent and weighed the most on the index. The consumer discretionary sector also fell 0.94 per cent as poor results from Sherwin-Williams weighed on Home Depot and Lowe’s. Apple, which is scheduled to report results after the close of the bell, slipped 0.12 per cent to US$117.49. Procter & Gamble rose 4.5 per cent to US$87.89 after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Oil prices nudged down, retreating from positive territory as traders digested comments from Opec states about the prospects of an output cut and ahead of US crude inventory data. Under Armour fell 13.9 per cent to US$32.58 after the sportswear maker reported its slowest quarterly sales growth in six years. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,841 to 955. On the Nasdaq, 1,762 issues fell and 750 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 10 new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 48 new highs and 36 new lows. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nepal PM phones India’s Modi over rupee chaos Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to ‘fake’ news sites European equities drift higher United to delay taking Boeing jets in US$4.8b savings push Macau sets US$25b gaming target for 2017 below estimates Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Reuters Video: Supermoon dazzles in Havana Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal (VIDEO) Analysts say Trump stocks rally could persist All bullish in the end as US stocks post best week since 2014 US stocks halt rally spurred by election as Trump win assessed Dow hits record high as markets ride on Trump win Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market ends lower after lackluster earnings, drop in consumer confidence By Wallace Witkowski and Anora Mahmudova Published: Oct 25, 2016 4:37 p.m. ET Share Whirlpool tanks after earnings miss Wall Street’s estimates Getty Images GM signals continued weakness in Europe By WallaceWitkowski Reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter U.S. stocks finished lower on Tuesday, giving back some of the previous day’s advance as worries about a lackluster spate of earnings and a slip in a reading of consumer confidence weighed on market sentiment. A drop in the price of oil below $50 a barrel, lingering uncertainty about the U.S. presidential election and growing expectations of a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, also contributed to the downbeat mood. The confidence of Americans in the U.S. economy fell in October to a three-month low just ahead of the Election Day showdown on Nov. 8 between Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and GOP nominee Donald Trump, with more consumers saying jobs are harder to find. See: Corporate insiders have lost appetite for their own stocks The S&P 500 SPX, +0.75%  declined by 8.17 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.16, after being down nearly 10 points earlier. Nine of the 11 main sectors ended in the red. The consumer-discretionary closed off 1.2%, while materials lost 1%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  declined 53.76 points, or 0.3%, at 18,169.27, as shares of Home Depot Inc. HD, -2.56%  weighed on blue-chips with a 3.2% decline. Earlier, the average had been down as many as 71 points. Shares of Dow component 3M Co. MMM, +0.77% fell 2.9% after reporting earnings that beat Wall Street expectations, but the St. Paul, Minn.-based company posted sales that were flat relative to the prior year and reduced the top end of its yearly earnings forecast. The share decline in Home Depot and 3M Co. wiped a combined 64 points from Dow industrials. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.10%  gave up 26.45 points, or 0.5%, to wrap at 5,283.40. Tuesday’s retreat in equities was to be expected as Monday’s gains were primarily the result of merger enthusiasm, said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Financial. “Deals tend to boost investor confidence especially after a dry spell,” Cavanaugh said. “So, we were just setting ourselves up for a bit of a letdown.” Market participants have been wrestling with third-quarter earnings that have outperformed lowered expectations, but a number of companies have cut their annual outlooks, which has raised questions about future earnings. Cavanaugh said the market is still focused on earnings and with about 30% of the S&P 500 having reported, chances are good that third-quarter earnings could end more than a year of quarterly earnings declines. Investors are eager to find out the results from two of the tech giants this week, with Apple reporting after the closing bell on Tuesday. Analysts expect to see Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.32%  report earnings at the high-end of its fourth-quarter forecast, aided by the iPhone 7 launch and new customers switching from Android after Samsung Electronics’ exploding Note 7 troubles. However, analysts are also projecting the third-straight quarterly decline in iPhone unit sales. Economic data: Consumer confidence dropped to 98.6 this month from 103.5 in September, the privately run Conference Board said Tuesday. The decline was well below Wall Street expectations. Separately, U.S. home prices rose in August, and were up 5.1% year-over-year as tight inventories continued to drive prices higher, according to the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-City index. Corporates: Shares in Whirlpool WHR, +1.44% dropped 11% after the appliance maker reported third-quarter profit and sales that missed expectations, and issued a downbeat outlook. Merck & Co. shares MRK, +0.19%  rose 2% after the drugmaker’s third-quarter earnings and sales came in above expectations. Chemicals maker DuPont& Co. DD, -0.62%  shares fell 0.7% despite the company raising its yearly profit forecast and better-than-expected quarterly earnings. The company is working on its merger with Dow Chemical Co. DOW, -0.54% Watch: Do lawsuits drive innovation in chemical industry? Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.75%  gained 3.4% after the consumer goods company reported earnings ahead of forecasts. Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.49%  shares jumped 7.4% after the aerospace company posted higher-than-expected revenue and hiked its dividend. Baker Hughes Inc. BHI, +3.44%  shares rallied 4.3% after the oil-field services company reported a narrower-than-expected loss. General Motors Co. GM, +0.45% shares ended down 4.2% even as auto giant’s quarterly profit doubled. GM also posted higher revenue on strong U.S. truck sales. But it signaled continued weakness in Europe because of the fallout from the U.K.’s pending exit from the European Union, or Brexit. Freeport-McMoRan Inc. FCX, +0.50%  rallied 3.6% despite reporting profit and revenue that missed analysts’ expectations on Tuesday. Under Armour Inc.’s class A shares UA, +2.47% shares plunged 13.2% after the company issued a profit warning. ItThe decline came even as the athletic gear maker reported a 28% rise in third-quarter profit and an expansion of its market share, but those results were overshadowed by its warning. Nielsen Holdings PLC NLSN, +1.18%  shares dropped nearly 17% after the media-ratings company reported a slip in profit because of higher restructuring charges. Other markets: Oil futures CLZ6, -0.24%  settled down 1.1% at $49.96 a barrel while gold futures GCZ6, +0.31% settled up 0.8% at $1,273.60 an ounce. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.05%  tilted lower after an earlier gain. European stocks SXXP, +0.27%  pared earlier gains and were mostly lower and Asian shares were mixed following data that pointed to a slowdown for South Korea’s economy. —Carla Mozee in London contributed to this article. Microsoft CEO on smart acquisitions(2:32) Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gives his advice on how to make smart acquisitions, at the 2016 WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, Calif. More from MarketWatch How President-Elect Donald Trump Could Impact the Economy Election 2016: Colleges Counseling Grieving Students What Donald Trump's Presidency Could Mean for Taxes Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) Volume 684.0M Open 2,168 High 2,181 Low 2,166 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $124.40 -3.27 (-2.56%) Volume 13.3M Open $127.07 High $127.67 Low $122.92 P/E Ratio 21.86 Div Yield 2.22 Market Cap 160.4B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $174.24 +1.33 (+0.77%) Volume 2.1M Open $173.16 High $174.25 Low $171.91 P/E Ratio 21.94 Div Yield 2.55 Market Cap 104.0B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,241 High 5,287 Low 5,236 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $107.11 +1.40 (+1.32%) Volume 31.4M Open $106.57 High $107.68 Low $106.16 P/E Ratio 12.95 Div Yield 2.13 Market Cap 578.2B Whirlpool Corp. U.S.: NYSE: WHR $165.27 +2.34 (+1.44%) Volume 1.1M Open $163.93 High $165.54 Low $162.57 P/E Ratio 14.43 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 12.2B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.65 +0.12 (+0.19%) Volume 7.1M Open $63.68 High $63.73 Low $63.08 P/E Ratio 32.47 Div Yield 2.89 Market Cap 176.3B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $68.64 -0.43 (-0.62%) Volume 2.1M Open $69.13 High $69.17 Low $67.48 P/E Ratio 30.37 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 60.2B Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $53.17 -0.29 (-0.54%) Volume 7.4M Open $53.44 High $53.52 Low $52.32 P/E Ratio 8.4 Div Yield 3.46 Market Cap 60.2B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $83.62 +0.62 (+0.75%) Volume 8.8M Open $84.58 High $84.58 Low $82.88 P/E Ratio 23.26 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 223.7B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $265.93 -1.31 (-0.49%) Volume 1.9M Open $268.79 High $269.74 Low $261.85 P/E Ratio 20.85 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 75.9B Baker Hughes Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BHI $61.02 +2.03 (+3.44%) Volume 4.3M Open $59.56 High $61.36 Low $59.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 24.8B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $33.43 +0.15 (+0.45%) Volume 10.8M Open $33.30 High $33.60 Low $33.10 P/E Ratio 3.83 Div Yield 4.55 Market Cap 51.9B Freeport-McMoRan Inc. U.S.: NYSE: FCX $13.99 +0.07 (+0.50%) Volume 36.4M Open $13.50 High $14.01 Low $13.46 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.0B Under Armour Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: UA $31.94 +0.77 (+2.47%) Volume 5.1M Open $31.23 High $32.19 Low $31.01 P/E Ratio 46.38 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.6B Nielsen Holdings PLC U.S.: NYSE: NLSN $43.58 +0.51 (+1.18%) Volume 3.7M Open $43.07 High $43.58 Low $42.74 P/E Ratio 26.9 Div Yield 2.85 Market Cap 15.8B Crude Oil - Electronic Dec 2016 U.S.: Nymex: CLZ6 $45.70 -0.11 (-0.24%) Volume 4996 Open $45.77 High $45.82 Low $45.62 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Dec 2016 U.S.: Comex: GCZ6 $1,228.30 +3.80 (+0.31%) Volume 5993 Open $1,228 High $1,231 Low $1,226 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 100.09 -0.05 (-0.05%) Volume 0 Open 100.18 High 100.19 Low 100.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 339.16 +0.93 (+0.27%) Volume 0 Open 337.80 High 339.76 Low 337.23 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • World •  Americas U.S. Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > World > Stocks mostly lower as earnings hit consumer companies Stocks mostly lower as earnings hit consumer companies Tuesday, 25 October 2016 (3 weeks ago) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are mostly lower Tuesday morning as company earnings continue to stream in. Consumer companies are falling as athletic apparel maker Under Armour and appliance maker Whirlpool suffer hefty losses. However strong results for household goods maker Procter & Gamble send its stock higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial […] » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: The Street - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Closing Bell: Crude Closes at Six-Week Lows; Facebook Tanks Nasdaq 01:05 U.S. stocks moved lower as an earnings-driven selloff in Facebook and Fitbit shares dragged on the Nasdaq. Crude also declined for its fifth session, settling at six-week lows. 21st Century Fox beat profit and sales estimates in its recent quarter on strength in its film and TV segments. Higher... You Might Like Recent related news Markets Right Now: Stocks mostly lower at midday, except DowMajor U.S. stock indexes are mostly lower at midday, except for the Dow Jones industrial average, which is extending post-election gains into a second day.... SeattlePI.com 5 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Seattle Times •New Zealand Herald Asian stocks lower as dollar gains, markets watch TrumpBEIJING (AP) — Asian stocks were mostly lower Tuesday as expectations of a U.S. rate hike boosted the dollar and investors watched for signs of policy... SeattlePI.com 17 hours ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Seattle Times •Newsday US stocks slightly down in early trading; oil heads lowerEnergy companies led U.S. stocks mostly lower in early trading Friday as the price of crude oil fell and several retailers reported disappointing quarterly... Seattle Times 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •SeattlePI.com Other recent news in World Police raid mosques, flats across Germany as GOVERNMENT bans Islamist group UK government has no overall plan for BREXIT: leaked memo RUSSIA Launches New Offensive, Airstrikes Hit Syria’s Aleppo GERMANY Bans ‘True Religion’ Islamist Group and Raids Mosques Barack Obama touches down in GREECE for his final foreign tour as President Sen. Bob Corker: Russia's ELECTION Interference Intentionally 'Overt' ALEPPO air strikes resume as city's besieged citizens fear 'final push' from Assad and Russia TURKEY's prime minister will meet Russia's Putin in December: prime ministry sources What does LEAKED MEMO suggest about plans for Brexit? HONG KONG pro-independence lawmakers disqualified from office Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Nicolas Sarkozy Michelle Obama Gwen Ifill James R. Winchester Current Topics Oklahoma City Paul Ryan Students Sexiest Man Alive Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+

