mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Groupon Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear A BBC Watchdog probe revealed gold jewellery was nothing but costume jewellery  Share ByRuki Sayid 00:16, 16 NOV 2016 Updated00:16, 16 NOV 2016 Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear (Photo: Getty)  Share Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Popular deals website Groupon is at the centre of a fake goods scandal after an investigation revealed sellers flogging dodgy designer gear and jewellery. A probe by the BBC ’s Watchdog programme found a set of gold sapphire earrings said to be worth £300 but knocked down by a staggering 95% were no more than costume jewellery. For experts from hallmark specialists The London Assay Office found they were worthless as the metal contained no gold and the gems were also fake. Chris Walne from The London Assay Office said: “Groupon are breaking UK law by claiming the stones are sapphires and by using terms like ‘white gold filled’. We could not see any gold at all on those earrings. I wouldn’t buy them for £2 let alone £15 or £300.” Shoppers were also stung by desirable Ralph Lauren shirts slashed by 53% which were found to be counterfeit by Trading Standards officers. And an industrial size box of best selling Ariel washing powder on sale for half price at £21.98 was unmasked as a copycat version following tests by parent company Proctor and Gamble. Jewellery was found to be nothing but costume pieces The hit show to be screened on BBC1 tonight at 8pm revealed Groupon customer Carl Churchman of Hove, Sussex became suspicious when the powder failed to create suds in his washing machine or have the familiar Ariel smell. And when his skin started to itch and he developed a rash after washing bed linen with the powder, he sent a sample to Proctor and Gamble to complain. But tests revealed the washing powder was not Ariel. Watchdog presenter Nikki Fox said: “Groupon is a trusted name online but as our research shows you can’t always trust the deals on their site. Some of the prices look unbelievable and as tonight’s Watchdog reveals - they are.” In a statement Groupon told Watchdog it was investigating the gold earrings scam and said it had axed them from its site. It said: “Any customer who is concerned about a deal they have bought should contact us so we can resolve their query.” And the statement added: “As with any major online retailer, we take counterfeiting seriously and work hard to make sure that no-one ends up being disappointed with their purchase. “We work closely with suppliers to perform checks to ensure counterfeit items do not enter the supply chain. "On the extremely rare occasion where we are made aware that a product we’ve sold may be counterfeit, we immediately conduct an investigation and if necessary, recall the product and provide a full refund.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Groupon BBC money all Most Read Most Recent Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared MoneyCollectors are paying hundreds for new £5 note - but which ones are worth the most? As the new banknotes to come into circulation some with certain serial numbers are attracting sky-high prices BrexitShoppers to face price hikes after Brexit as import costs soar to five year high Figures from the Office for National Statistics revealed the price hike Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Tuesday's top offers include £50 off PS4 console bundle and 50% off Disney toys To get you ready for the huge shopping event, every day until 25 November Amazon will release limited discount offers Black FridayMorrisons Black Friday deals: Supermarket to roll out early deals from TODAY The supermarket chain has transformed it's Black Friday spectacular into a 10-day affair with daily deals launching from today Black FridayMorrisons Black Friday deals: Supermarket to roll out early deals from TODAY The supermarket chain has transformed it's Black Friday spectacular into a 10-day affair with daily deals launching from today Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Wednesday's top offers include Sony Bravia 4K HD TVs, Olay beauty products and more To get you ready for the huge shopping event, every day until 25 November Amazon will release limited discount offers Black FridayOver 50% of Black Friday 'bargains' are cheaper at other times of the year, investigation reveals A study of over 178 deals from Black Friday 2015 has uncovered only 90 were genuine offers - with many items seemingly dropped for clearance purposes GrouponGroupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear A BBC Watchdog probe revealed gold jewellery was nothing but costume jewellery EasyJetEasyJet set to slash ticket prices - despite huge nose-dive in profits The budget airline expects to wipe up to £275million off it's £1.1billion fuel bill - and pass the savings on by cutting prices by up to 9% Most Read Most Recent Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney defends post-Scotland celebrations after unflattering pictures England captain published The Three Lions captain left the England squad over the weekend due to a knee problem with Gareth Southgate's men drawing with Spain in his absence England football teamEric Dier vows revenge on Ander Herrera for 'elbow' when Spurs meet Manchester United The Three Lions midfielder was left fuming after claiming he was elbowed in the face during England's 2-2 draw with Spain World newsLost Vincent van Gogh sketchbook contains 65 drawings from artist's 'most important years' The sketchbook - which is set to be published today - contains drawings from his most significant period while he was living in France Real Life StoriesPorn star reveals secrets of her profession in totally honest Q&A with fans She was completely open about her career and how it's affected her life Laura WhitmoreLaura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice's relationship turns 'toxic' after Strictly Come Dancing elimination The pair reportedly now 'hate' each other Mental healthNaked man who fell to his death from hotel was patient at mental health hospital The 47-year-old fell from the third floor of a hotel in Glasgow had been assessed as “paranoid but no risk to himself” Marks & SpencerOur favourite pieces from Marks & Spencer's new SS17 collection - be prepared for the season ahead The high street giant have already unveiled their spring/summer collection - and we think you're going to like it Marks & SpencerMarks & Spencer keep customers ahead of the trends with their SS17 Accessory Edit - available now From earrings to shoes, you can prep your wardrobe for the new season, thanks to the high street chain - see our picks World Cup qualifiersGabriel Jesus steals the limelight as Brazil edge closer to World Cup 2018 spot with win in Peru The Manchester City-bound forward scored one and made another as the Selecao claimed another win under Tite Nikki ReedJordin Sparks, Nikki Reed, Ian Somerhalder and more attend Unlikely Heroes charity benefit The annual benefit aims to raise money in order provide safe homes and restoration to child victims of sex slavery worldwide Top Stories Michelle ObamaMichelle Obama 'ape in heels' racist Facebook post sparks furious backlash causing mayor to resign West Virginia mayor Beverly Whaling quit her role after commenting that the disgraceful post had 'made her day' Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney defends post-match celebrations after unflattering pictures emerge The Three Lions captain left the England squad over the weekend due to a knee problem with Gareth Southgate's men drawing with Spain in his absence AviationSupersonic Mini-Concorde for the super-rich that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Designers claim the small jet will be able to fly FASTER than Concorde CrimeBrave woman who was raped, stabbed and burned alive shows off the baby that she never thought she'd live to see April Sykes was just 18 years-old when she suffered her horrendous ordeal at the hands of monster Virgil Samuels TripadvisorFurious chef bans 'vile' Tripadvisor reviewer from all all his restaurants after paté row Owner Gary Usher hit back saying: “In fact, you Sir are the reason I was stood in a queue at a petrol station at 10.05pm that night buying eight cans of Stella whilst questioning the human race!” UK NewsHe's SAFE: Schoolboy missing for two months after leaving note for his parents saying he was bored is found Arthur Heeler-Frood told his family he was 'bored of life' - but would return within a year - after vanishing during his bike ride to school on September 6 TerrorismChilling worldwide terror top 10 revealed - and Britain is one of the most dangerous countries The most terrorised countries include Iraq at number one and Afghanistan at number two - with Nigeria and Pakistan at three and four BabiesProud mum posts 3D ultrasound scan on Facebook - friend makes REALLY awkward mistake in comments They'll be wishing they could take this back RapeUK tourist ‘gang-raped by two Brits' in Dubai faces jail accused of ‘extra-marital sex’ The 25-year-old has reportedly had her passport confiscated while her alleged attackers have jetted back to Birmingham BreastfeedingMan brands mum 'disgusting' for breastfeeding in restaurant - then karma strikes and staff throw HIM out Keely McMahon-Perry was discreetly trying to feed her four-month-old when she noticed the man staring at her before he proclaimed: "I'm trying to eat" Real Life StoriesPorn star reveals secrets of her profession in totally honest Q&A with fans She was totally open about her career and how it's affected her life England football teamEric Dier vows revenge on Ander Herrera for 'elbow' when Spurs meet Manchester United The Three Lions midfielder was left fuming after claiming he was elbowed in the face during England's 2-2 draw with Spain News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Top Local Stories 11-month-old Detroit girl found after being taken by mother, prompting Amber Alert News Metro Detroit weather: Cloudy, cooler Wednesday ahead Weather Community makes new push for LGBT protection in Michigan News Man steals Oak Park police car with woman arrested for drunken driving in back seat News Capuchin Soup Kitchen broken into overnight on Detroit's east side; computer equipment stolen News Damaging testimony given in Mateen Cleaves sex assault case News Several businesses evacuated due to gas leak in downtown Plymouth News Michigan names make Trump shortlist Politics Flint mayor urges State of Emergency extensions from county, state, federal officials Flint Water Crisis Troy's boil water advisory canceled; 'water sources tested clean and safe' News Steam ship's anchor raised from Detroit River after 60 years News Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Justice denies Michigan's appeal to halt sex offender ruling News Health Popular heartburn medications linked to higher risk of stroke PPIs widely available over the counter By BEN TINKER , CNN Posted: 4:02 PM, November 15, 2016 Updated: 4:32 PM, November 15, 2016 David Rust/CNN Drug companies say longer periods of exclusivity over research encourages investment in developing cures. But longer terms can also keep cheaper versions off the market. The potential for compromise over this issue was reportedly a final key to a (CNN) - Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. "PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia," said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study's lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. "We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population." Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an "FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI." AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, "Patient safety is an important priority ... and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label." A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, and Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment. "At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects," Sehested said. "This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs." For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. "As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking," Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. "Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have heartburn very rarely -- especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods -- they could take antacids." Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you're pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. "One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it's OK to take those medications." As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication -- prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs "reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that's just not how we're going to get healthier," he said in 2010. "Consumers need to ask their doctors, 'Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?' " Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Features / Popular heartburn medications linked to higher risk of stroke Popular heartburn medications linked to higher risk of stroke Posted on Tuesday, November 15, 2016 by CNN in Features Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. “PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia,” said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study’s lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. “We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population.” Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an “FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI.” AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, “Patient safety is an important priority … and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label.” A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, and Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, did not immediately respond to CNN’s request for comment. “At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects,” Sehested said. “This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs.” For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. “As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking,” Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. “Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have heartburn very rarely — especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods — they could take antacids.” Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you’re pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. “One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it’s OK to take those medications.” As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication — prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs “reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that’s just not how we’re going to get healthier,” he said in 2010. “Consumers need to ask their doctors, ‘Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?’ “ Residue on cell phones used to create 'portraits' of users Columbia University halts wrestling program amid investigation into lewd texts Related Posts Can team sports help women crack the glass ceiling? ‘No kids with special needs?’ Mom fights talent scout who rejected son Eva Carneiro: Chelsea apologizes to doctor as dismissal case settled Michel Platini withdraws name from FIFA presidential race Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Estee Lauder announces purchase of popular makeup brand Too Faced The $1.45 billion purchase will be the cosmetic brand’s biggest-ever acquisition. Too Faced, popular with millennial and Gen Z consumers, will be complementary to Estee Lauder's MAC Cosmetics brand. By Nick Turner Stephanie WongBloomberg Tues., Nov. 15, 2016 Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach younger shoppers and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Article Continued Below Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 per cent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 per cent this year and 60 per cent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, whose customers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 per cent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 8°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs CFL to host LGBTQ party for first time at this year’s Grey Cup in Toronto In partnership with You Can Play, Baker & McKenzie, and Striker Sports Bar, CFL seeks to being a more welcoming and inclusive league. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Editor's Note Polls Greg David Blogs Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts Galleries Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Accenture Digital Transportation Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards Hutchinson Metro Center Advertorials White Papers Wealth Management TV New York Stories 5boros Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Media & Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Retail & Apparel NEWS › Retail & Apparel November 15, 2016 12:28 p.m. Updated 11/15/2016 Estée Lauder to buy makeup brand Too Faced for $1.45 billion Acquisition is the biggest in the cosmetics firm's history By Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News Clinique, an older Estée Lauder brand, is displayed in a New York Bloomingdale's. Estée Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand that’s popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estée Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estée Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estée Lauder reach a younger shopper and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estée Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Other acquisitions Estée Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estée Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11% this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels—Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70% this year and 60% on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. Millennial consumers The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, those costumers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83% of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estée Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. Coty Inc.RevlonTechnologyTravisInternationalNew York Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › Comments Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2016 Book of Lists Privately Held Companies Technology Employers Commercial Property Managers Foundations Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Upper West Side apartment complex to drop... NYC could destroy immigrant ID card data if... Eric Schneiderman lowers boom on NFL ticket... Univision-owned Fusion votes to unionize Beemers for Brooklynites: BMW launches car-... Most Popular Trump team vows to dismantle Wall Street... Trump win is heaven sent for the 1% Cuomo reaches a deal to revive lucrative... Expect four years of gridlock, not in... Upper West Side apartment complex to drop... Related News Retail CEOs breathe sigh of relief as election distraction ends Kenneth Cole to shut down almost all its brick-and-mortar stores Pepsi and Coke to be hit with wave of taxes as cities punish soda Coach shares climb as investors take faith in turnaround News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics All Industries Health Pulse Resources Archives White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Polls Podcasts Videos Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Digital NY Real Estate Daily Video Small Business Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions iPad app Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame Most-Connected New Yorkers Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2016 Crain Communications Inc.
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home Business Business News Top 200 Business Only a handful of firms survive from first list of North East's largest companies Analysis of the first Top 50 published by The Journal in 1978 show that most of the top companies then have closed or been sold  Share  Comments ByGraeme Whitfield 16:24, 15 NOV 2016 Updated16:24, 15 NOV 2016 Business The drinks reception for the Journal's Top 200 Business Awards  Share  Comments Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Only a handful of companies from the first ever list of the region’s top companies have made it into the 2016 list. The Journal first published a Top 50 in 1978, with the table topped by Northern Engineering, a collective of North East engineering companies with an estimated turnover of £400m, most of which are now under different ownership. They were followed in the table by Allied Suppliers and Procter and Gamble, which was a staple in the list until 2000 when it was decided that the American company’s presence in the North East was no longer a decision-making centre. Other companies in the 1978 Top 10 were Sunderland department store chain Binns, which became absorbed into the House of Fraser business, Vaux Breweries, which closed in 2000, and Barratt developments, which moved its headquarters out of the North East in the Noughties. Other well-known names to have disappeared from the history of the Top 200 including shipbuilders Swan Hunter, bakers Carrick’s and supermarket chain Walter Wilson. Read More Nissan takes crown as the North East's largest company in Journal's Top 200 event Some firms have remained in the list of top companies throughout its history, however, with Fenwicks being ranked 15th in 1978 and the company still in 2016’s list, now ranked 23rd. Developers Bellway were ranked 19th in the first table and are now fifth, its turnover rising from £30m in 1978 to £2.2bn in its latest accounts. The first ever Top 50 also lists the top employers in the North East and shows huge changes from an era where nationalised industries dominated the region. Top employer in 1978 was the National Coal Board, with 37,000 employees in the North East, followed by British Shipbuilders and British Steel. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Business newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Top 200 Sunderland business all Most Read Most Recent Newcastle upon TyneFive hotels bought in £75m deal by Newcastle leisure leader Cairn Group Redworth Hall Hotel in Newton Aycliffe is among the luxury hotels snapped up in the biggest deal of its kind in the region this year FawdonNewcastle sweet manufacturers Nestle pledge to create jobs for young people Food giant wants to create at least 3,000 jobs for young people at its sites around the world by 2020 Top 200Only a handful of firms survive from first list of North East's largest companies Analysis of the first Top 50 published by The Journal in 1978 show that most of the top companies then have closed or been sold NissanNissan takes crown as the North East's largest company in Journal's Top 200 event Car manufacturer wins two awards at the annual event unveiling the largest 200 companies in the North East Newcastle upon TyneCost of living set to rise, Bank of England deputy governor warns on visit to Newcastle Ben Broadbent said growth would slow as businesses held back on investment decisions to see what happens over Brexit Virgin TrainsEast Coast mainline passenger numbers speed ahead after Virgin Trains investments Passenger numbers between Newcastle and Edinburgh have jumped 26% since new services were launched in May FawdonNewcastle sweet manufacturers Nestle pledge to create jobs for young people Food giant wants to create at least 3,000 jobs for young people at its sites around the world by 2020 SunderlandSunderland software firm Saggezza to double headcount after contract wins Saggezza opened its first UK base in Sunderland two years ago, and its looking to create at least 15 jobs a year Newcastle upon TyneCost of living set to rise, Bank of England deputy governor warns on visit to Newcastle Ben Broadbent said growth would slow as businesses held back on investment decisions to see what happens over Brexit Top 200Only a handful of firms survive from first list of North East's largest companies Analysis of the first Top 50 published by The Journal in 1978 show that most of the top companies then have closed or been sold Most Read Most Recent Newcastle United FCNewcastle United transfers: Magpies scouting TWO Leeds United players Leeds United host Newcastle United at Elland Road on Sunday - with two of the hosts' players of particular interest for the visitors Newcastle United FCNewcastle United coaches embracing local culture - we reveal their Geordie lingo crib sheet Newcastle United coach Mikel Antia has pinned up a crib sheet of local words next to his desk down at Benton Newcastle City CentreFamily pays tribute to much-loved dad who died after fall in Newcastle club Inquest hears Clayton Davies died in 'tragic accident' in Perdu on visit to the city from Wales Michael CarrickMichael Carrick hints at Manchester United exit - so could Newcastle be his next destination? Newcastle United have been linked with a move for veteran Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick in recent months Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news LIVE: Rafa Benitez preparing for Leeds United; Jonjo Shelvey latest All the latest from the Magpies camp as Rafa Benitez begins the build-up to Leeds United and Newcastle consider Jonjo Shelvey options Papy DjilobodjiSunderland, Papy Djilobodji and the understanding that this is not the end Sunderland summer signing Djilobodji is adapting to life in the Premier League and relishing the challenges it sets Sunderland AFCSunderland's win at Bournemouth has lifted the mood on Wearside - and not before time Papy Djilobodji says Sunderland's long-awaited first win has given the Black Cats confidence ahead of this weekend's crucial game against Hull City Rafa BenitezWhy Rafa Benitez doesn't want to talk about the EFL Cup with Championship business to take care of Newcastle boss only focused on the big clash at Elland Road despite excitement building for trip to Hull in EFL Cup quarter-final Newcastle United FCNewcastle United transfers: Magpies scouting TWO Leeds United players Leeds United host Newcastle United at Elland Road on Sunday - with two of the hosts' players of particular interest for the visitors HebburnBid to protect North East war memorials to mark First World War centenary One of the memorials that will be protected is that in Carr-Elison Park in Hebburn in South Tyneside Top Stories High Speed 2HS2 high speed rail 'will transform' services to Newcastle insists Government Government ministers have insisted HS2 will benefit the North East as it confirms the second phase of the £55bn network HebburnBid to protect North East war memorials to mark First World War centenary One of the memorials that will be protected is that in Carr-Elison Park in Hebburn in South Tyneside Bede AcademyCancer battler Cory Davison had pneumonia scare that leaves him confined to hospital A visit to the doctors for a simple cough turned into a two-week hospital stay for fundraiser Cory South ShieldsRescue operation launched on South Shields cliffs after man falls The coastguard helicopter winched the man to safety after he fell from cliffs at Frenchman's Bay NissanGrowing demands on Government to 'come clean' over Nissan deal Chancellor Philip Hammond must reveal whether Nissan was promised public money, says senior MP Andrew Tyrie County DurhamBowes Museum's celebrated Silver Swan set to swim off to London As Dippy the Diplodocus arrives in Newcastle, the Silver Swan heads off to London's Science Museum Michael CarrickMichael Carrick hints at Manchester United exit - so could Newcastle be his next destination? Newcastle United have been linked with a move for veteran Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick in recent months RoadworksWhat is causing extra delays for drivers on the Coast Road - and how long will it last? Rush-hour commuters have been facing congestion on the westbound carriageway heading from North Tyneside to Newcastle RoadworksFelling Bypass roadworks could now last six weeks and run into Christmas Drivers have been told road disruption could continue for three times longer than was first expected EducationNursery schools in North East face massive funding cuts which could have a 'devastating impact' The Government plans to slash funding in order to make system 'fairer' for other parts of the country North ShieldsNext flagship store opens at Silverlink Point in North Shields More than 100 shoppers had gathered outside of the new store for the opening on Tuesday morning Florian ThauvinNewcastle United winger Florian Thauvin 'strangled' by thieves in robbery attempt Thauvin was attacked by two men who tried to steal his £22,000 watch, according to French newspaper La Provence News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report MOIL slides after poor Q2 financials Business Standard Market turns range bound Capital Market  November 15, 2016 Last Updated at 13:11 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDEZv Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty settle at over 4-week low Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Nifty | Sensex | Bse PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Biz News Rino Scanzoni, Madison Avenue’s Influential Media Buyer, Will Tackle New Task As Advertising Shifts Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Ryan Huddle for Variety November 14, 2016 | 07:31PM PT When TV’s next upfront market kicks off next Spring, the ad-sales chiefs at CBS, NBC, and the rest might breathe a sigh of relief: They won’t have to contend directly with Rino Scanzoni any longer. Scanzoni, a tough negotiator, has for years helped set the tone and pace of a crucial market for the media sector, one in which $8 billion to $9 billion is traded on broadcast primetime TV alone, with more committed to cable, syndicated and Spanish-language television. After serving since 2005 as chief investment officer for the North American operations of GroupM, the large media-buying operation that is part of ad-holding giant WPP, Scanzoni is moving to a new role – and the shift is indicative of a transformation of how Madison Avenue is buying commercial inventory across all media. GroupM, which works for advertisers including Unilever and American Express, on Monday named Lyle Schwartz to the role of president of investment, meaning he will oversee how advertiser dollars are allocated across TV, print, radio, digital, and local media, as well as the burgeoning swell of analytic tools advertisers are tapping to help them determine their allocations. He will report to Brian Lesser, the chief executive of GroupM North America. Schwartz will have a good deal of influence over how some $30 billion worth of advertising is spent across the U.S. and Canada. “This is the first time someone with a research and analytics background has been named trading chief for a major media investment group,” said Lesser, in a prepared statement. “This decision underscores our belief that data and insights are fundamental to the success of the entire business.” Related When Rino Scanzoni Speaks, TV Networks Tend to Listen Advertisers of all stripes are relying more strongly on data about consumer behavior and buying to help them determine where to place their commercials. At a time when media use has become increasingly splintered, big-spending marketers like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola can no longer just follow what was standard practice three decades ago and buy a few ads in national newspapers and major magazines while spraying TV ads across the broadcast networks. Advertising in the digital era means figuring out where the consumers most likely to buy, say, a luxury car or a can of diet root beer are most likely to lie in wait, and then tailoring commercials expressly for those particular environments. Viacom, Comcast’s NBCU and Time Warner’s Turner are among the big companies crafting their own data brews to lure sponsors to their fold. These data products can include everything from set-top box viewer behavior measures to consumer patterns discovered by examining loyalty cards and programs affiliated with drug stores and supermarkets. Some media companies are trying to set up deals based on these data agreements rather than ones based on Nielsen, the gold standard of an era when couch potatoes still stared at a TV screen in their living rooms. Schwartz and Scanzoni have worked together for years, and were pivotal figures in discussions that in 2007 led to the use of so-called “commercial ratings,” or audience measures that looked at how many TV viewers watched commercial breaks, not the TV shows they interrupted, to determine how much media companies ought to be paid. The new system was created in the wake of the rise of digital video recorders, which allowed viewers to fast forward past commercials. Schwartz has more than 30 years of experience at WPP, including roles at the ad agency once known as Young & Rubicam before it was acquired by the holding company in 2000. Related Viacom Bets on Big Data to Boost Its Revenues Scanzoni will supervise both Modi Media, a unit that looks at future TV models in the U.S. and Midas Exchange, a barter division that deals with the trade of tangible assets in exchange for advertising inventory. He will be executive chairman and chief executive of both units. GroupM said Scanzoni would “continue to build and expand new trading products as well as contribute to market strategy for the group.” His role in the media industry played out largely behind the scenes, but he has been instrumental in how advertisers choose to support TV for decades. Top executives and Wall Streeters often sought his counsel on ad-spending patterns and the direction of the economy. Speculation that GroupM might find a successor for him has wafted for the past few years. It’s well known that the executive prefers to focus on strategy, rather than on incessant staff meeting and intense client hand-holding, and he has at times plotted strategy from a house in Utah. Schwartz will work alongside Phil Cowdell,who was named GroupM’s president of platform services in North America. This new unit will deal with emerging ad markets, including programmatic, search marketing, social media, digital operations and digital analytics.  For the past two years, Cowdell served as the North American CEO of MediaCom,a GroupM unit where he has been instrumental in helping the agency win more than $1.5 billion in new business from companies including Anheuser-Busch InBev, Bayer, Sony Playstation and Mars.       i Filed Under: GroupM Rino Scanzoni Tv Advertising Tv Upfront Market Upfront 2016 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Biz 9:28PM PT Tom Hanks Assuages Post-Election Fears: ‘We Will be All Right’ 2 TV 6:49PM PT Chinese Actress Xiaoqing Liu Developing ‘Empress’ as U.S. TV Series (EXCLUSIVE) 3 TV 6:12PM PT Our Staff Picks: TV Shows to Watch the Week of Nov. 14, 2016 4 Biz 5:17PM PT Taylor Swift, One Direction Named Highest-Paid Celebrities Under 30 5 Film 5:04PM PT ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Trailer Sets Record for Most Views in 24 Hours No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Biz News from Variety The Power of Content Roselyn Sánchez siente que conoce a Sebastián Rulli "de toda la… Kristen Wiig, 'SNL' & David S. Pumpkins Skeletons Take Mannequin… Is Finish Line Selling JackRabbit? This Is Us Recap: Brothers, Brownies and Pretty Bad Ideas This is the crazy car 'sport' that you win by pulling crazy… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Estee Lauder to Buy Makeup Brand Too Faced for $1.45 Billion Nick Turner SFNick Stephanie Hoi-Nga Wong stephaniewonghk November 14, 2016 — 5:23 PM EST Updated on November 15, 2016 — 11:36 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Transaction is largest takeover in Estee Lauder’s history Too Faced lets company reach younger cosmetics shoppers Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand that’s popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach a younger shopper and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Other Acquisitions Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 percent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 percent this year and 60 percent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. Millennial Consumers The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, those costumers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 percent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Ready to spare 2-Minutes on a tag? Shares1 Collin Furtado | Wed, 16 Nov 2016-07:50am , DNA Brands are playing on social issues to make consumers feel good about the products they use Recently, Nestle modified the messaging for three of its top products in India—Maggi, Nescafe and Kit-Kat— in a very unique way. It changed the respective products’ tag-lines on their nearly 100 million packages to support education for the girl child. Maggi’s ‘2-Minutes Noodles was changed to ‘2-Minutes for Education’, Kit-Kat’s ‘Have a Break, have a Kit-Kat’ was made ‘No break from Education’ and Nescafe’s ‘It all starts with a Nescafe’ modestly became ‘It all starts with education’. This caught attention of many.Nestle is not the only one which has adopted this method of branding. Coca-Cola, in the Middle East during Ramadan last year, sold its cans saying “Labels are for cans, not for people”. Earlier, the company released the ‘Share a Coke’ campaign that allowed people use social media to dedicate a coke to their friend with their name on it. Both these campaigns which used the packaging at the center were highly successful. Social cause at heart? K V Sridhar, Founder and CCO of Hypercollective, says that it works for brands if its for a social cause and their intent is good. He said that the brand also has to be committed to an issue and the execution has to be perfect. “This works if the intent is right, as people feel that the topic is so important for the brand for it to change its packaging. But it has to be a lifelong commitment and brands should not take a cause as an opportunity as people will smell it quickly,” he said. Manish Porwal, MD of Alchemist Marketing & Talent Solutions, said that the reason for these firms doing so is twofold i.e. for law and for creating a human face for the brand. “As per law 2% of a company’s net profits have to go into corporate social responsibility (CSR). Brands understand the value that social issues play in peoples lives. The reason to put this on the packaging is that they understand that people want to feel good about what they are consuming. Things such as the environment, carbon footprint, etc. are some of what people keep in mind.” Many companies like Hindustan Unilever and P&G have their own campaigns which support social causes. Porwal adds that earlier, packaging too had ‘promotionals’ such as get a certain percent extra or buy 2 get 1 free. Now brands use it for communicating a social message. Right on intent, execution Sridhar says that the cause has to be in the DNA of the brand or else it can backfire. “When Coca-Cola came out with a white can in support of polar bears people did not take it well as they did not like the colour. Though their intent was good people did not like the way it was executed,” he says. However, brands such as Tata Salt have got it right in the past. The brand has been tackling iron deficiency at the heart of it and came out with I-Shakti brand to make it available for lower income people. “In 1993, Louis Philippe to celebrate left-handed people, had the Upper Crest logo on the left sleeve instead of the right. This was during a time when being left-handed was considered wrong or was frowned upon. These changes in the product was widely appreciated and became a huge success,” he said. Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < Survey reveals 50% diabetics have ‘uncontrolled’ sugar level   Comments   Also Read Money Dollar slips off 11-month high; eyes on Trump, US yields Money Rupee gains 19 paise against dollar in early trade Money WhatsApp suspends giving European user data to Facebook Money Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years Money Industry demands rate cut as retail, wholesale inflation cools Money Equities snap losing streak; in green on strong domestic, global cues Next Article > Talent search to prepare students for employment < Previous ArticleNext Article > Survey reveals 50% diabetics have ‘uncontrolled’ sugar level Next node Talent search to prepare students for employment Related Conflicts over land in India stall projects worth billions of dollars: Report Sensex catches consumption chill, drops 514 points Cyrus Mistry removed from Tata Global Beverages, claims ouster illegal Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags India Business Report Nestle Maggi Nescafe Kit-Kat Coca-Cola K V Sridhar Hypercollective Manish Porwal corporate social responsibility (CSR) Hindustan Unilever Ramadan Tata Salt SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Pakistan holds military exercise close to Indian border Winter session: PM says govt is ready to discuss all issues 100 feared dead in Mediterranean after migrant boat capsize Indonesia police pursue blasphemy case against Jakarta's Christian governor as tension simmers Newly elected Indian-Americans lawmakers aim to work together to achieve common goals Sport Jurgen Klopp has given Liverpool winning mentality: Philippe Coutinho ATP Finals: Novak Djokovic digs deep to repel Milos Raonic onslaught #INDvENG: James Anderson's inclusion will definitely make England stronger in Vizag: Anil Kumble Lionel Messi leads Argentina team ban on talking to media Australian decline heading West Indian way? Brian Lara believes so Entertainment Scoop: Irrfan Khan roped in for Salman Khan's next production No bikini for Priyanka Chopra in 'Baywatch'! Another award in Sonam Kapoor's kitty for 'Neerja'! Shocking! Ranbir Kapoor and Ranveer Singh make fun of Katrina Kaif on Koffee with Karan! Kissing scenes in "Befikre" will offend no one, says Ranveer Singh Money CPI inflation may fall below 4% in Nov-Dec: Citigroup Sensex erases initial gains, still up 173 points Chaos, long queues continue at banks; most ATMs out of cash Demonetization: RBI issues guidelines for use of indelible ink Rupee gains 19 paise against dollar in early trade Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.

Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director Advertisement NEXT:Fred & Farid Crams All 21 of Your Favorite Taglines Into One Alibaba Spot PREVIOUS:Former M&C Saatchi Creative Lead Heads to Arnold in Boston Revolving Door Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director By Erik Oster on Nov. 15, 2016 - 2:26 PMComment Edelman Deportivo of Sweden hired Martin Jon Adolfsson as a creative director. Adolfsson joins Edelman from BBH London, where he has served as a senior creative and art director since August of 2015, including work on Samsung’s “Bedtime VR Stories.” Before joining BBH London he spent time as a freelance associate creative director with R/GA, working on Nike, and as a freelance senior creative and art director with Anomaly. Prior to that he spent two years as innovation and interactive creative director at TBWA\London, working with clients including Apple, Adidas, Nissan, Airbnb, Lidl and GSK, following a short stint as associate creative director with Razorfish working on the U.K. digital McDonald’s account. Prior to that he spent over three years at CP+B in Gothenburg, Sweden and London, serving as a senior creative and working with clients including Diesel, Ubisoft, P&G, Burger King, Milka and Pringles. “We are excited to welcome Martin to the family. He has been an outsider in the advertising world, always looking for new ways to interact with audiences rather than interrupt them with forced messages. Simply put, the type of brain we need to help our clients in a world where people more and more avoid traditional advertising,” Edelman Deportivo CCO Stefan Ronge said in a statement. “Already from first sight it clicked,” Adolffson added. “Edelman Deportivo has some of the most amazing thinkers I’ve come across, whom fearlessly mix storytelling with innovation, deeply rooted in culture, creating beautiful earned magic.” In case you weren’t aware, the 20-strong Edelman Deportivo was acquired by the PR giant back in 2014. It makes some truly weird work like this campaign encouraging kids to eat more bread in inevitable, post-apocalyptic future. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:33 A.M. ET Delta Lloyd cost cuts on track; ups savings traget 2:32 A.M. ET Aggreko confident of profit despite oil market 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release Marketing Agency Merger Diversifies Services Portfolio, Adds Depth to Digital Suite By Published: Nov 15, 2016 11:01 a.m. ET Share ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA, Nov 15, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- CREW Marketing Partners acquires GOODSIR Creative Inc. ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Nov 15, 2016) - CREW Marketing Partners, a national marketing leader, has announced it has acquired the business operations of GOODSIR, an award-winning digital agency located in Kelowna, BC. This acquisition combines the strategic marketing focus of CREW with GOODSIR's creative, digital and web development services. The new partnership strengthens CREW's Kelowna operation in the Okanagan while adding considerable depth to their overall digital services. "This new business model brings together the best of two agencies," says Braden Douglas, Principal and Founding Partner of CREW Marketing Partners. "By combining CREW's strength in foundational marketing and brand strategy with GOODSIR's depth in digital web development services, we can bring even more strategic marketing sophistication to our clients." Mergers and acquisitions are not uncommon in the industry however Douglas says they need to be strategic and well defined so that they ultimately add value for clients. "We're committed to the right expansion as we see the demand for our unique agency model increasing across Canada." "I've seen the results CREW's achieved first-hand and their partnership approach to marketing is a great match with our own philosophy," says Brad Marshall, one of GOODSIR's co-founders and now Director of Digital Marketing. "There's a growing technology sector here in Kelowna and, with our deep roots in the community, we're really looking forward to focusing on the development of an unparalleled digital marketing experience for all our clients." CREW Marketing Partners will now have over 50 employees between the Okanagan and Lower Mainland, making it one of the largest agencies in British Columbia. Since 2007, CREW has functioned as a hybrid agency that combines the disciplines of a professional marketing department with the execution of a top tier creative house. Their team of specialists focus on medium-sized businesses throughout Canada and the US who have a small or under-staffed marketing department, with a specific focus on five industry verticals - natural foods & consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. The company's depth of expertise and impressive ROI in the natural foods & consumer packaged goods sector has gained praise from industry watchers and earned respect from clients, including Silver Hills Bakery, Hardbite Potato Chips, and the BC Chicken Marketing Board. Founded in 2003, GOODSIR has helped start-ups, entrepreneurs and enterprises succeed through creative digital thinking. The multi-disciplinary team has worked with an impressive roster of clients that stretches across Canada, the US and even Europe, with a portfolio that includes RE/MAX, End Of The Roll, Juno Awards, KF Aerospace, Wine BC, and Swisscom, a Swiss-based Telecom. "We're very excited about the opportunities for growth and development this offers," says Giuseppe Simpatico, GOODSIR co-founder and now Director of Digital Platforms. "Merging strategy and creative with web, digital and content marketing means we'll have a much wider resource base to work from. It's taking us in a new direction and it's our clients who will benefit the most." CREW MARKETING PARTNERS CREW Marketing Partners is a results-driven marketing agency partnering with entrepreneurs and organizations across Canada and the US. It's one of the fastest growing marketing firms in Canada, with impressive 35 percent growth year-over-year since its inception in 2007. The team of specialized marketing strategists, creative thinkers, designers and doers are located in multiple offices that serve a range of industries, with a specific focus on natural foods and consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. BRADEN DOUGLAS - PRINCIPAL, FOUNDING PARTNER AT CREW Braden Douglas is a renowned marketing strategist who's built a successful career as head of CREW Marketing Partners and as a keynote speaker at international events and seminars. Through his foundational eight-step marketing strategy process, he challenges and works with organizations to successfully use marketing as a competitive advantage that provides real ROI. Braden launched his career in brand management working with major firms like Procter & Gamble and Frito Lay. He's created strategies and campaigns that have driven record revenues for young food start-ups and has pioneered successful public engagement strategies. GOODSIR Founded in 2003 in Kelowna, BC, GOODSIR has helped scrappy start-ups, hard-working entrepreneurs and enterprises solve business problems through creative digital thinking. An award-winning company that was listed as one of the Top 40 Creative Agencies in Canada by Design Excellence Magazine, GOODSIR offers unparalleled digital expertise and industry insight, including platform development and digital promotion. Their client base stretches across multiple industries that include retail and consumer brands, start-ups and technology, media and entertainment, professional sports and financial services. BRAD MARSHALL - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL MARKETING As one of GOODSIR's co-founders, Brad Marshall has lead strategy efforts on projects since the company began in 2003. In that time, he's focused his energy and expertise on helping businesses dream up, design and develop killer creative digital projects. His writing has been published in numerous blogs, newspapers and magazines. He received his training at the Centre for Arts & Technology and the University of Colorado. GIUSEPPE SIMPATICO - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL PLATFORMS GOODSIR co-founder, Giuseppe Simpatico, has been deploying creative interactive campaigns for companies across North America for more than a decade. A true veteran of the digital media industry, he's worked in all aspects of the profession, from programming and design to project and account management. He graduated from the University of British Columbia with a degree in Fine Arts and went on to study digital media. To view the photos associated with this release, please visit the following links: Braden Douglas - http://file.marketwire.com/release/braden.jpg Brad Marshall - http://file.marketwire.com/release/brad.jpg Giuseppe Simpatico - http://file.marketwire.com/release/sep.jpg Sujina Unger Marketing & Business Development Coordinator CREW Marketing Partners sunger@crewmp.com 604.743.1014 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Rs 500 Rs 2000 #Narendra Modi #Donald Trump #Bigg Boss 10 #Cyrus Mistry #IND vs ENG PROPERTY Property in MumbaiProperty in Pune DOWNLOAD APP Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Oh crap! Man tries to evade police by covering himself with his own shit Tired of standing in an ATM queue for a long time, woman strips ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Mumbai rains BMC Cauvery Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Watch video: Messi's majestic free kick helps Argentina thump Colombia KL Rahul ready for Tests after clearing Anil Kumble's 'test' ToPICs Rio 2016 Dipa Karmakar EPL BCCI India vs West Indies Virat Kohli Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai food: Eat like a Nizam; enjoy a six-course Hyderabadi wedding feast Health: A sleep specialist flips her new book to help Mumbaikars with sleep issues ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Twinkle Khanna sets the house on fire at her book launch Where will you be this Friday: Cinema or ATM? ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar A Flying Jatt Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News National News IIM-C post-graduate student gets Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offer By IANS | Posted 15-Nov-2016 Kolkata: A whopping Rs 4.5 lakh monthly stipend has been offered to a first-year student of post-graduate diploma in management at the IIM-Calcutta in the latest summer internship placement, the institute said in a statement on Monday. Consulting firms came up with the highest percentage of offers while BFSI (Banking, Financial services and Insurance) sector proposed the highest stipend for the students at the Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta. Out of over 460 summer internship offers made on the campus, the consulting sector had the highest share of 24 per cent, followed by BFSI at 23 per cent. BFSI also offered the highest stipend for the season at Rs 4.5 lakh per month. Major recruiters in consulting were Mckinsey and Co, Bain & Co., the Boston Consulting Group, A.T. Kearney and Accenture Strategy, the latter being the largest recruiter in the consulting domain. The BFSI sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process, with Goldman Sachs emerging the top recruiter in the category. FMCG and consumer product firms of the likes of HUL, P&G, ITC and L'Oreal hired in large numbers. Food and Beverages companies like PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Mondelez and Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in sales and marketing roles as the summer placements for the class of 2018 successfully concluded last week. "A total of 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates like Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group stayed on top as the largest and most consistent recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers," the IIM said in a statement. Tags: Whopping Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offered first-year student post-graduate diploma management IIM-Calcutta internship placement Related Stories Twitter user accuses Ram Gopal Varma of copying poster from playstation ad Bollywood News | 08-Nov-2016 Souza sells for nearly Rs 13-cr at Sotheby's London sale International News | 20-Oct-2016 China ups India, to give Dhaka whopping USD 24 billion International News | 15-Oct-2016 'Kabali' mints USD 3.5 million in North America Regional News | 25-Jul-2016 'Sarrainodu' clocks 50 days, mints Rs 125 crore Regional News | 10-Jun-2016 Jennifer Lopez buys USD 28 million home Hollywood News | 30-May-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Flashback in pics: A look at Sachin Tendulkar's illustrious Test career Spotted: Amrita Arora Ladak in Bandra Happy Birthday Aaradhya Bachchan! Meet the stylish star kids of Bollywood Glam girl! Alia Bhatt poses in a sizzling black dress Photos: Karishma Tanna, Pooja Bedi, other celebs at a bash Bollynews Fatafat: Shah Rukh and Deepika party hard Does Deepika copy other actresses? What makes men go head over heels for Pammi Aunty? 'Bigg Boss 10' Day 30: Manu threatens to remove Swami's clothes You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Rishi Kapoor attacks Arvind Kejriwal for demanding apology from PM Modi Bollywood News|15-Nov-2016 Mumbai Crime: Woman lands at T2 with Rs 12 cr cocaine on her body Crime News|15-Nov-2016 Photos: Sridevi with daughters Jhanvi and Khushi at Mumbai airport Bollywood News|15-Nov-2016 Inside Photos! SRK, Katrina, Deepika set the stage on fire Bollywood News|15-Nov-2016 Ulhasnagar man files cheating case against his runaway bride National News|15-Nov-2016 'F**k That!': Actress slams pervert who asked her breast size Regional News|15-Nov-2016 After demonetisation, properties without KYC compliance to be seized National News|15-Nov-2016 Sehwag reveals these banks will accept old notes till March 2017! Cricket News|14-Nov-2016 Oh Lord! 'Holy water' seeps from statue of Jesus Christ's feet in Mumbai National News|14-Nov-2016 Panic aboard Indigo flight as pilot fails to land in Mumbai twice National News|14-Nov-2016 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Tired of standing in an ATM queue for a long time, woman strips National News|6 hours Twinkle Khanna sets the house on fire at her book launch Bollywood News|4 hours Money matters: Why Mumbai chose Laxmi over Ganesh on Tuesday National News|3 hours Oh crap! Man tries to evade police by covering himself with his own shit National News|6 hours Godmother of Ghatkopar strips to avoid arrest, held after filmi chase National News|14-Nov-2016 'F**k That!': Actress slams pervert who asked her breast size Regional News|15-Nov-2016 Mumbai: Sex workers accepting old notes, business moves to parking lots National News|14-Nov-2016 What?! Twinkle Khanna's mother thought Akshay Kumar was gay Bollywood News|15-Nov-2016 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2014 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserverd. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
