Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for modem chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Budget 2017: More tax breaks should come to tech sector, says EY - Idea Cellular to raise Rs 2,000 crore via debt Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 22, 2017, 09.33 AM | Source: Reuters Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Apple Inc filed a USD1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some USD1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at USD62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm USD854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a USD975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at USD36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Tags  Apple Inc Qualcomm US Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Poll: Here's what India Inc expects from Budget 2017 Budget 2017: Jaitley may set FY18 disinvestment target at about Rs 60,000 cr Budget 2017: Jaitley likely to cut MAT, corporate income tax RBI tests banks' cyber security... by hacking into their systems Demonetisation hit SME sector's output, wages: Report RBI Central Board okayed design of Rs 500,Rs 2000 notes in May ITC set to appoint Sanjiv Puri as CEO India smartphone mkt slips 18% in Q4; Chinese brands dominate Cashless economy: Naidu panel moots tax on cash withdrawals See all Video of the day Budget 2017: Nilesh Shah says FM must take risks, ease fiscal tightening plan Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature And the Winner Is… Our annual forecasting challenge attracted more than 2,500 entries. The 2016 winner garnered the contest’s all-time highest score. By Andrew Bary Biography January 21, 2017 A financial advisor from suburban Atlanta won the 2016 Barron’s forecasting challenge with the highest score in the contest’s 15-year history. Brian McGill, 34, scored 16 out of a possible 18 to beat the more than 2,500 entrants in our annual challenge. He correctly answered 12 of the 14 multiple-choice questions and nailed the biggest winner... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Amazon Is Disrupting a Surprising New Industry Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 8 ETFs for 2017’s Treacherous Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Suddenly Boring iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. User’s Manual for a Mixed-Up Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Trump Will Pivot to Moderate Stance Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Trump Action That May Make Buying a Home Costly 2 Cordray Mum on Future Rulemaking, Defends Rules on Mortgage Lending 3 Gundlach, Witmer Investment Picks Rising Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact - - - Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion over excessive royalties Post your comment Comments (120) Vlad, 20 January 2017 Apple Qualcomm The news just keeps on getting worse for Qualcomm this week. A couple of days ago the FTC filed a lawsuit against the chip maker alleging that it has engaged in unfair patent licensing practices, and today it's Apple's turn to sue Qualcomm. Apple's lawsuit has to do with what it claims are excessive royalties charged by Qualcomm for use of basic cellular standards that it contributed to developing in the past. Furthermore, Apple says that once it began cooperating with South Korean authorities in their antitrust investigation of Qualcomm, the chip maker withheld $1 billion in retaliation. Here's Apple's full statement on the matter: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Apple wants roughly $1 billion from Qualcomm as compensation for this behavior. Qualcomm hasn't yet commented on Apple's allegations and lawsuit. Source Related articles South Korea may fine Qualcomm up to $880 million Qualcomm fined $854 million for violating competition laws FTC charges Qualcomm with anti-competitive practices Qualcomm: no, this isn't the Nokia 8 Reader comments Anonymous gLNe 23 Jan 2017 strange.. Nokia is suing Apple for not paying royalties (on 37 cases).. yet Apple say they pay them fairly.. Think apple might be trying to jump on a bandwagon to cash in. Reply Anonymous nEcT 23 Jan 2017 already gas iwn judge inserted in trial, just as in Samsung's case, remember that justice corruption..mind you. that plus billions in tax..150m ebookbprice rigging fine, its how the money is made by them, whilst the public regurgitates,ooh ap*le, her... Reply Anonymous iien 23 Jan 2017 First Samsung And now Qualcomm. Who next Mr. Cook? Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 120 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) 284,006 2. Nokia 6 217,287 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,613 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 92,039 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 89,311 6. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 73,254 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 68,450 8. Oppo F1s 65,893 9. vivo V5 62,365 10. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 60,827 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,883 2. OnePlus 3 1,592 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,556 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,510 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,394 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,371 7. HTC 10 1,341 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,146 9. LG G5 1,128 10. Sony Xperia Z5 888 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Trump trade strategy starts with quitting Asia pact -White House Russia cut oil output by 100,000 bpd in Jan - TASS quotes Novak Business Standard Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Reuters  January 21, 2017 Last Updated at 09:45 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USgf9r ALSO READ US files lawsuit against Qualcomm for 'forcing' Apple into chip deal U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand India smartphone parts plant - government official S.Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple | Lawsuit | Qualcomm | Government PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Presented by Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Gina Torres reveals why she left 'Suits' British PM says Trump 'recognises importance of NATO' Business Standard Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit AP  |  San Francisco  January 21, 2017 Last Updated at 10:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USgf9w ALSO READ Pak court upholds death sentence to 7 military court convicts British-Muslim sues government over extremist labelling Supreme Court weighs bond hearings for detained immigrants Court backs damage claims over German nuclear exit Poland Supreme Court mulls Polanski extradition to US Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. "Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme," the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC's investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. Fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Court | Government PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, ... Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. "Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme," the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC's investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. Fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. "Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme," the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC's investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. Fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Foxconn To Build Facility To Build Apple Prototypes By Tyler Lee on 01/20/2017 21:04 PST Apple used to have a reputation of being one of the more secretive tech companies around. For the most part they still are, although in recent years their announcements no longer come as a surprise a specs, details, and sometimes even photos of products are leaked ahead of their official announcement. However those leaks might not come quite as easy in the future. According to a report from Nikkei, they have heard from their sources that Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn will reportedly open a new facility in China. This new facility is said to help with Apple’s building of prototypes, and it seems that it is also located near Apple’s upcoming R&D center in Shenzhen, China. What this means is that with the proximity between Apple and Foxconn, there might be less hands involved with the handling of Apple’s products, which in theory should help reduce the chances of leaks in the future. Of course whether or not this happens remains to be seen, but we guess if it helps, why not? When asked to confirm the report, Apple pointed Nikkei towards Foxconn who unsurprisingly declined to comment. Interestingly enough Apple’s R&D center was meant to help them work closer with their partners in China, although a recent report quoted US President Donald Trump as saying that apparently Apple’s CEO Tim Cook had “eyes open” to move iPhone production to the US. Filed in Apple >Rumors. Read more about foxconn. Related Articles 2017-01-01 iPhone Manufacturer Foxconn Will Replace All Human Workers With Robots 2016-12-26 Apple Expanding Partnership With Foxconn For Future Growth 2016-12-07 iPhone Maker Foxconn Planning U.S. Expansion 2016-12-02 Foxconn Exec Faces 10 Years In Jail For Stealing 5,700 iPhones 2016-10-31 Foxconn Reportedly Working On Wireless Charging For The iPhone 8 Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim       World 23:08 CAS denied Serbian appeal for Kosovo's recognition in UEFA 22:11 Merkel won't face vote challenge from Gabriel 21:52 At least 8,000 Gambians return home since Jammeh's exit 21:34 Lockheed says Trump pressure won't affect F-35 profitability 21:32 Nigerian president resubmits name of anti-graft chief 21:14 Germans, Belgians land in Lithuania for NATO deployment Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 21:10 Top UK lawmaker praises Turkish 'service to democracy' 17:00 Lebanese mayors commemorate Istanbul nightclub victims 13:02 Investors flocking to $5.2B in Turkish projects: PM 12:38 No joint AK Party, MHP referendum campaign: Deputy PM 11:06 Central Bank maintains tight Turkish lira liquidity 17:07 US envoy extols common interests with Turkey General Economy Media Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Economy 17:29 Turkey: Road, bridge tolls reap $320.4M in 2016 16:24 Turkey's total gas imports fall by 4.74% in November 13:17 Eurozone economy solid despite political fears 11:32 Central Bank maintains tight Turkish lira liquidity 16:07 Oil producers check up on landmark deal 14:45 Turkey’s dollar bond sale attracts high demand Islamic World 17:00 Muslim scholar warns Trump against ‘racist’ remarks 14:10 Amazing clock inventions from the Islamic world 01:07 Liverpool, Everton teams up with mosque for food bank 13:00 The happiness of a father whose daughter died as a Muslim 09:17 A Tatar Muslim's concern for Finnish Muslims 12:00 US Muslims told to ‘stay strong' after Trump win Ramadan Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 16:13 Landmark Athens mosque due to be finished this April 09:36 Japan pays UNESCO dues withheld after row over Nanjing 10:39 Artist brings beauty to war-damaged Gaza home 15:38 Netherlands to turn over Crimean treasures to Ukraine 09:31 The struggle of the Bulgarian Muslims 10:15 Amazon Prime ad that united an Imam and a Priest Health & Environment 13:02 Ugandans invent 'smart jacket' to diagnose pneumonia 20:13 Breast implant victims win payout from German safety body 08:15 New robot wraps around heart to help organ beat 21:00 $460-mn vaccine push to 'outsmart' viruses 17:19 Kenyan student medics support striking doctors 09:26 'Tipping points' the dreaded threat of climate change Science&Technology 09:22 Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries 08:09 Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion 10:27 Uber to pay $20 mn to settle charge it misled drivers 08:02 Turkish nanotech firm sells microscope to NASA 13:32 Moon much older than previous thought 12:29 China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags News Analysis 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code 11:11 Ethiopians in Israel protest police brutality 11:56 Germany’s ugly legacy: Is Hitler's racist hatred back? Filebox 07:45 The Forgotten Story of Alphabets 14:43 Turkey in Africa 11:54 Kazakhstan’s Foreign Policy 10:00 The Zionist plan for Al-Aqsa Mosque 14:24 Rabaa massacre and Egyptian propaganda 10:56 2015 Turkish Elections Results Science & Technology Islamophobia Syria crisis Palestine Afghanistan Middle East History 16:02 Abu Zayd Al Balkhi: The 9th Century Muslim Psychologist 10:37 8 Reasons about Why Rome Fell 09:11 Alija Izetbegovic, the soul of the Bosnian resistance 12:05 5,000 year old grape seeds found in Izmir 09:42 The Great Explorers of Islam 08:58 Prisoners of Pleven lies in the Turkish Martyrdom in Latvia Today in History Historical Document Historical Events Place Personage Interviews & In Depth 14:18 What is going on in Kashmir: The interview with Muzammil A. Thakur 17:36 Media Voices of Africa with Shafiq Morton 10:04 Lebanese rubbish crisis not all as it seems..... 10:44 Story of four Americans who became Muslim 12:15 Four years after uprising, Egypt is back to square one 15:49 Khojaly: massacre which scarred a nation Science & Environment Today's News CAS denied Serbian appeal for Kosovo's recognition in UEFA Merkel won't face vote challenge from Gabriel At least 8,000 Gambians return home since Jammeh's exit Lockheed says Trump pressure won't affect F-35 profitability Nigerian president resubmits name of anti-graft chief Germans, Belgians land in Lithuania for NATO deployment Top UK lawmaker praises Turkish 'service to democracy' Airbus says entering 'dangerous phase' due to Brexit Turkey: Road, bridge tolls reap $320.4M in 2016 Lebanese mayors commemorate Istanbul nightclub victims Arab-Israelis turn out for slain Bedouin man's funeral Iran arrests journalist, filmmaker Turkey's total gas imports fall by 4.74% in November Japan hopes to persuade US to reconsider TPP trade pact Gambia's Jammeh 'allowed to keep' luxury car collection Italy avalanche death toll rises to 14 Afghanistan issues warrants for vice president's guards HK to return seized army vehicles to Singapore China says it will not back down on South China Sea Seven Greek soldiers held for making Albanian symbol Eurozone economy solid despite political fears Syrian opp. expect Russia withdrawal from Syria Investors flocking to $5.2B in Turkish projects: PM French FM 'confident' of Saudi military aid to Lebanon No joint AK Party, MHP referendum campaign: Deputy PM Car bombing kills 2 in Iraqi capital Pentagon chief vows 'unshakeable commitment' to NATO Israel’s High Court stalls settler eviction deal UN warns west Mosul civilians at 'extreme risk' Central Bank maintains tight Turkish lira liquidity 00:20, 25 January 2017 Wednesday Science&Technology 08:09, 21 January 2017 Saturday Tweetle Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion Qualcomm also sued by US, Korean regulators for apparent demand of royalties for their chip technology World Bulletin / News Desk  Apple sued its chip supplier, Qualcomm, for $1 billion Friday, alleging the firm demanded royalties for its technology.  The world's biggest company by market capitalization said Qualcomm "has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras ... the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations," the California-based giant said in a statement.  "Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," the statement added.  The lawsuit filed in a federal court in comes three days after the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused Qualcomm of antitrust violations.  "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors," the FTC said Tuesday in a statement.  The chip maker was also fined 1.03 trillion won ($853 million) in December by the South Korean Fair Trade Commission for alleged antitrust violations.  The South Korean agency argued Qualcomm forced mobile phone companies into unfair licensing deals by signing them into patent license contracts, refused to supply chips to firms that did not accept terms and limited competitors’ access to certain technologies.  Qualcomm said it would appeal the decision in South Korean High Court. The dominant San Diego-based company manufactures chips that enables cell phones to connect to cellular networks that use CDMA technology.  The firm also receives licensing fees for cell phones that use the technology, including Verizon, the U.S.'s biggest cellular network.  Related apple Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Science&Technology News Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries The Samsung fiasco took a major toll on the reputation of the firm, which is set to announce fourth-quarter and full-year results on Tuesday. Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion Qualcomm also sued by US, Korean regulators for apparent demand of royalties for their chip technology Uber to pay $20 mn to settle charge it misled drivers Uber has recently stopped using an outside partner for financing vehicles in favor of an in-house program to better oversee the process. Turkish nanotech firm sells microscope to NASA Turkish nanotech firm sells microscope to NASA Moon much older than previous thought Research finds 4.5-billion-year-old moon formed few million years after Earth China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags In Europe, green cars benefit increasingly from subsidies, tax breaks and other perks, while combustion engines face mounting penalties including driving and parking restrictions. Robot arms replace factory hands Automation has transformed the productivity of manufacturing since industrial robots first started painting, cutting, welding and assembling in the 1960s.  US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan The Marines's version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings.   SpaceX set to launch again Monday An unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded September 1 in Cape Canaveral, destroying a satellite that Facebook planned to use to beam high-speed internet to Africa. Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store English, Chinese versions removed following government request Scientists disprove global warming took a break Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of York, England, corroborated the results of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) research paper in 2015. Hyundai eyes autonomous cars for the masses The South Korean automaker wants to stand out by being ordinary: making a self-driving car for the average consumer. Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank tech fund New $100 billion fund initiated by Japanese bank finds supporters in Foxconn, Saudi Arabia and Oracle Turkish firm builds recycling facility in Holland Turmaks establishes a facility to produce silicopolymer recycling technology in the Netherlands India to launch 103 satellites in record single mission The rocket is set to blast off from the southern spaceport of Sriharikota in February carrying three Indian satellites and 100 foreign ones including from the US, France and Germany, the Press Trust of India said.  Electric car startup unveils 'new species' of vehicle A new design takes on Tesla surpassing key benchmarks News Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank tech fund Foxconn invests $8 bn in China LCD plant Ireland claims EU breaching sovereignty in Apple tax ruling Apple inks first deal for China wind farms Supreme Court favors Samsung over Apple in patent case Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Economy Islamic World Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis Filebox History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple sues Qualcomm for $1bn over licensing practices Apple's lawsuit follows the US government's recent suit against the chip company. By India Ashok January 21, 2017 04:38 GMT Apple has also accused Qualcomm of blocking Apple from choosing to switch to another chip supplierReuters Apple has reportedly filed a $1bn (£807m, €934m) lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm over licensing practices. Apple's lawsuit follows a similar suit filed against the firm by the US Trade Commission, which alleged the firm of employing anti-competitive tactics. Apple has reportedly alleged that Qualcomm demanded unfair terms for its technology, escalating the two firm's already contentious and tenuous relationship. Apple filed the lawsuit in the US District Court for the Southern District of California, alleging that Qualcomm overcharged for chips and sought "onerous, unreasonable and costly" terms for patents. Apple has also accused Qualcomm of blocking Apple from choosing to switch to another chip supplier, the Wall Street Journal reported. Apple also alleged that Qualcomm refused to pay around $1bn in promised rebates because Apple cooperated with South Korea's anti-trust regulators over their probe into Qualcomm's licensing practices. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit, Reuters reported. Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg deemed Apple's allegations "baseless". "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." In its lawsuit, Apple also claimed that Qualcomm made it obligatory for Apple to exclusively use its chips in iPhones from 2011 to 2016. This claim is also contained in the FTC's complaint against Qualcomm. Apple also claimed that Qualcomm began withholding its rebates, informing Apple that it had forfeited nearly $1bn in rebates by cooperating with the Korea Trade Commission. Apple used Qualcomm's chips until its latest iPhone 7 model in September 2016. Moor Insights & Strategy founder Patrick Moorhead told IBTimes UK, "This is a very serious matter for Qualcomm. This lawsuit has no firm black and whites, full of shades of gray. On one hand we have Qualcomm, who everyone would agree invested the most and is the first to market with 3G, 4G and now 5G technologies. "On the other we have Apple who thinks they are being charged too much, charged the wrong way as a per cent of the phone price, and that Qualcomm forces contract terms that's limits their ability to use competitive product. Right or wrong, with all this global pressure, I would expect that Qualcomm's global licensing prices would decline. With Qualcomm's impending NXP acquisition, all this could be a moot point, as Qualcomm's business becomes more diversified." More Technology News Snowden: BlackBerry will be 'erased from the pages of history' over privacy stance Political revolution: How big data won the US presidency for Donald Trump Silicon Valley translation firm with Google, Boeing and other clients hit with data leak Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close 5 things you didn’t know about Julian Assange Columnists Laura Bates “Trump and his white, male billionaires don't like women having all this freedom READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Stunning Apple iPhone 8 'X Edition' concept debuts with OLED dual-display and liquid metal frame Is this what Apple has in store for its anniversary iPhone? AlphaBay leak: Over 200,000 private messages from Dark Web drugs marketplace hacked 'The attacker was paid for his findings,' AlphaBay admins confirmed... Julian Assange: "I'm not a complete idiot!" outburst in TV interview about his extradition WikiLeaks chief speaks out on The Project about seeking conditions... 'Upskirt' porn website hit with massive data leak exposing 180,000 voyeurs Leak contained a number of military and government emails and IP... Epic dermis: Scientists develop 3D printer capable of producing 'living' human skin New technology could put an end to chemical and cosmetic product... Farewell, Fedora Guy: Demo supremo Bryan Roper axed in latest round of Microsoft job cuts Charismatic demo lead confirms he was 'impacted by layoffs' on... Mass Effect Andromeda is getting a 10-hour EA Access trial before launch The sci-fi RPG is set to release on 21 March in the US and 23 March... Faraday Future slapped with $1.8m lawsuit over unreleased 'holographic' electric car promo China-backed electric carmaker hits yet another bump in the road. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business Davos 2017 My 2030 Science In Good Shape Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Living Planet Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany 10 things you need to know about the AfD 20.01.2017 Asia Sieren's China: Good counterattack 18.01.2017 Business Samsung profit leap despite 'galactic explosion' 24.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES News Apple suing Qualcomm for $1 billion over unfair royalties Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm over claims it abused market power to demand unfair royalties. Apple uses Qualcomm products in its mobile devices to work with telecommunication networks. Technology giant Apple sued mobile chip producer Qualcomm in San Diego federal court Friday for $1 billion (934 million euros) for charging unfair royalties on innovations on the iPhone, Apple's popular mobile phone. In an email to French press agency AFP, Apple charged that "to protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." In the 100-page complaint, Apple stated Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system on recent versions of the iPhone, as well as larger storage capabilities on the mobile phones, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm rejected Apple's claims. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world…by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," said Qualcomm executive vice president Don Rosenberg in a statement. Apple uses Qualcomm products in its iPhones and iPad tablets to work with telecommunication networks.  Qualcomm in trouble The Apple suit comes three days following the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) filed a lawsuit stating Qualcomm imposed unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Apple also noted Qualcomm's license terms in its suit. Qualcomm called the FTC suit "significantly flawed." Qualcomm is in hot water in South Korea as well, as regulators in the Asian country imposed a fine of over $850 million against the San Diego-based Qualcomm in December for violating the country's antitrust laws. Qualcomm is fighting this decision. Moor Insights and Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead told AFP that the antitrust suits against Qualcomm may cause rival chip producers to gain ground. "I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm," said Moorhead. "Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this," Moorhead added. Qualcomm shares fell 2.4 percent and Apple shares edged up just below 0.2 percent Friday. kbd/kl (AFP, AP) Watch video 02:05 Share South Korea fines Qualcomm Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://dw.com/p/2Uyo7 South Korea fines Qualcomm DW recommends China imposes record anti-trust fine on US tech firm A Chinese government watchdog has found a US chipmaker guilty of violating anti-monopoly regulations. Foreign businesses have said they are being unfairly targeted by China's new anti-corruption policies. (10.02.2015)   Audios and videos on the topic South Korea fines Qualcomm   Date 21.01.2017 Related Subjects Apple, Technology, Sci-Tech Keywords Apple, Qualcomm, chip, technology, suing, South Korea, San Diego, royalties Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2WAS4 Related content Sieren's China: Gabriel's doomed campaign 04.11.2016 The German economics minister's attempts to ensure equal conditions of competition between China and Germany are right but will not succeed, says DW's Frank Sieren. Jokowi's maiden US trip to bolster trade, defense ties 22.10.2015 Indonesian President Joko Widodo is set to embark on his first US visit. On top of his agenda during the five-day trip are strengthening economic ties and developing a joint approach to regional security issues. Date 21.01.2017 Related Subjects Apple, Technology, Sci-Tech Keywords Apple, Qualcomm, chip, technology, suing, South Korea, San Diego, royalties Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2WAS4 News Bulletin Top stories in 3 minutes DW News presents the most important news - in brief, quickly and up-to-date.  News German, Belgian troops arrive in Vilnius as part of NATO deployment Trump orders media blackout at EPA environmental agency President Trump gives controversial US oil pipelines the green light Deadly helicopter crash in Italy strains disaster hit region President Trump’s job promise versus the reality Emboldened by Trump, Israel announces 2,500 more illegal West Bank settlements Germany Even Gabriel wasn't up for challenging Merkel in 2017 Germany mourns former President Herzog, who apologized for Nazi crimes German Economy Minister Gabriel clears way for new election challenger to Merkel Second collective deportation of rejected asylum seekers from Germany arrives in Afghanistan Web-videos Skating on frozen lakes in the Netherlands Dutch skaters are ignoring warnings about thin ice and taking to canals and lakes across the country. Drone footage showed many skating on Ryptsjerksterpolder near the northern city of Leeuwarden.  TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Source : Last Updated: Sat, Jan 21, 2017 10:05 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit Originally published January 20, 2017 at 2:26 pm Updated January 20, 2017 at 6:00 pm Share story The Associated Press SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm’s technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple’s fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. Most Read Stories Shooter sent Facebook message to Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos before gunfire at UW protest, police say Man shot at UW no racist, friends insist, despite shooter’s claim Man struck, killed by Link light-rail train in Rainier Valley Trump administration taps 2 Washington state GOP legislators to help reshape EPA We need real solutions to vehicle campers | EditorialUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits,” said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm’s business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. “Qualcomm’s recent effort to cover its tracks — by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators — underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme,” the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC’s investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Business Highlights Previous Story How major US stock market indexes fared on Friday Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
X Edition: India Business Business Home Davos Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jan 21, 2017 | 9:45am IST Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Next In Money News Global stocks, dollar rise; investors eye earnings NEW YORK Stocks rose on Tuesday as investors looked past U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist rhetoric and focused on encouraging economic data and quarterly earnings reports. Oil prices rise as OPEC output cuts drain stocks NEW YORK Oil prices edged higher on Tuesday ahead of weekly U.S. inventory data on evidence the global market is tightening as lower production by OPEC and other exporters drains stocks. U.S. dollar gains vs yen, euro with outlook seen positive still NEW YORK The U.S. dollar firmed against the yen and euro on Tuesday, after several days of losses in the wake of President Donald Trump's inaugural speech promising more trade protectionism, with the U.S. economic outlook still seen as better than that of Europe or Japan. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Kingfisher tycoon Vijay Mallya charged in loan default case Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her 2-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering alone around indoor playground Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip, rub whipped cream on each other and ‘other things’ in a Detroit hotel Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is detrimental to your mind and it's time to resign FAST  How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes every morning  Previous Next Apple sues smartphone chip-maker Qualcomm and claims they were overcharged 'billions' by the monopoly Charges echo those filed by United States antitrust regulators earlier this week Apple claims it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by Qualcomm Qualcomm said Apple mischaracterized agreements and technology's value By Afp Published: 22:00 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 10:57 EST, 21 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 37 View comments Apple has sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chip-maker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties. These charges echo those filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by its chip-making partner's 'illegal scheme.' The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars, but is refusing to pay due to Apple cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the company. In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by Qualcomm's 'illegal scheme' 'For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with,' Apple said in an email statement. 'To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.' Qualcomm rejected Apple's claims, saying the iPhone maker 'intentionally mischaracterized' agreements as well as the value of the company's technology. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Russia announces it has developed the next generation of... 30-year-old who went from piles of student debt to self-made... Share this article Share 'Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world... by misrepresenting facts and withholding information,' Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. 'We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court.' The suit claims Qualcomm built a business model that charges raised royalty fees every time Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. The suit claims Qualcomm built a business model that charges raised royalty fees when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices The charges say that Qualacomm believes it has the rights to charge these raised royalties by claiming legacy technology. 'Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined,' Apple said.  Apple noted that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in many countries. The company has asked for a jury trial, and for Qualcomm to the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as 'significantly flawed,' arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong The Apple suit came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed in federal court claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its 'unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors.' Baseband processors are are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as 'significantly flawed,' arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine exceeding $850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chip-sets used in mobile phones.  Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. The company knows of the antitrust tide rising against Qualcomm and would like to help provide room for rival chip-makers to flourish, perhaps letting Intel improve its position, according to analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy. 'I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm,' Moorhead said, referring to the mobile device modems. 'Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this.' While the legal case alleges exclusionary contracts and the idea of being overcharged for licensing, it may well be powered by Apple wanting to ramp up competition to Qualcomm so it can negotiate better deals, the analyst said. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (37) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her two-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering... Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake,... Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white,... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkey, Bosnia to develop further trade ties Features archive German court jails PKK leader for 3 years Features archive Anadolu Post Features archive Turkey, Pakistan seek further cooperation in healthcare Features archive Turkey ready to share its know-how with Africa: Erdogan Features archive world middle east Dialogue committee calls for reform of Libya unity govt Features archive Islamic authority decries Jewish ‘rituals’ at Al-Aqsa Features archive Iran’s Mashhad dubbed 2017's ‘Islamic culture capital’ Features archive Israel PM greenlights 2,500 new Jerusalem housing units Features archive europe Bulgarian president calls snap election Features archive Turkey, Bosnia to develop further trade ties Features archive German court jails PKK leader for 3 years Features archive German coalition partner switches seats as poll looms Features archive americas White House defends Trump's claims of illegal voting Features archive US president signs orders on controversial pipelines Features archive $418M aircraft and weapons deal with Kenya okayed by US Features archive Japan hopes to persuade US to reconsider TPP trade pact Features archive africa Nigerian president resubmits name of anti-graft chief Features archive Kenyan soldiers kill 7 al-Shabaab militants in Somalia Features archive Turkey ready to share its know-how with Africa: Erdogan Features archive $418M aircraft and weapons deal with Kenya okayed by US Features archive asia - pacific Turkey, Pakistan seek further cooperation in healthcare Features archive Japan hopes to persuade US to reconsider TPP trade pact Features archive Konya dervishes whirl for education for all in Pakistan Features archive Violence displaces 87,000 Rohingya in Myanmar: UN Features archive economy Turkey ready to share its know-how with Africa: Erdogan Features archive Turkey: Road, bridge tolls reap $320.4M in 2016 Features archive Turkey's total gas imports fall by 4.74% in November Features archive Japan hopes to persuade US to reconsider TPP trade pact Features archive Turkish CB ups overnight lending rate 75bps to 9.25 pct Features archive politics German coalition partner switches seats as poll looms Features archive Turkey ready to share its know-how with Africa: Erdogan Features archive British PM Theresa May to visit Turkey Saturday Features archive Jordan's King Abdullah II to visit Moscow on Wednesday Features archive No joint AK Party, MHP referendum campaign: Deputy PM Features archive sports US: Falcons to face Patriots in Super Bowl LI Features archive NBA All-Star starters announced Features archive Egypt court adds popular ex-footballer to ‘terror list’ Features archive Football: Karabakh team longs to return home Features archive Football: Former England manager Graham Taylor dies Features archive health Balkan patients turning to Turkey for treatment Features archive Kenyan student medics support striking doctors Features archive Smoking costs $1T plus 6M lives annually: WHO Features archive Madrid hit by pollution, restricts thousands of cars Features archive Turkish hospitals treating 85 soldiers injured in Syria Features archive infographics photo Turkey’s underground masjid set to re-open soon Turkish President Erdogan in Mozambique Turkish Coast Guards capture 94 illegal migrants en route to Greece PEGIDA supporters stage protest in Germany's Dresden Syria peace talks in Astana video video gallery Footage released of attack on AA cameraman in Serbia Damaged Saddam Hussein's mansion in Mosul Opposition: We want bloodshed in Syria to end Turkey destroys 165 Daesh targets in Syria’s Al-Bab region multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion Qualcomm also sued by US, Korean regulators home > economy, americas 21.01.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive File Photo related news Apple CEO’s pay fell 15 percent in 2016 Music streaming overtakes digital sales for first time Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank tech fund Nokia launches global legal battle against Apple By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK Apple sued its chip supplier, Qualcomm, for $1 billion Friday, alleging the firm demanded royalties for its technology.  The world's biggest company by market capitalization said Qualcomm "has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras ... the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations," the California-based giant said in a statement. "Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," the statement added. The lawsuit filed in a federal court in comes three days after the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused Qualcomm of antitrust violations. "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors," the FTC said Tuesday in a statement. The chip maker was also fined 1.03 trillion won ($853 million) in December by the South Korean Fair Trade Commission for alleged antitrust violations. The South Korean agency argued Qualcomm forced mobile phone companies into unfair licensing deals by signing them into patent license contracts, refused to supply chips to firms that did not accept terms and limited competitors’ access to certain technologies. Qualcomm said it would appeal the decision in South Korean High Court. The dominant San Diego-based company manufactures chips that enables cell phones to connect to cellular networks that use CDMA technology. The firm also receives licensing fees for cell phones that use the technology, including Verizon, the U.S.'s biggest cellular network. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 23 : 49 europe Bulgarian president calls snap election 17 : 43 Turkey Turkey ready to share its know-how with Africa: Erdogan 15 : 55 world Turkey, Russia, Iran agree to ensure Syria cease-fire 15 : 46 Turkey Turkey expects Bosnia to hand over FETO schools 15 : 44 politics Jordan's King Abdullah II to visit Moscow on Wednesday 15 : 27 world UN appeals for additional $4.6B for Syrian refugees 15 : 13 middle east Russian, Turkish FMs discuss Syria peace talks 13 : 27 world UN calls for maintaining momentum of Cyprus talks 12 : 53 Turkey Investors flocking to $5.2B in Turkish projects: PM 12 : 20 Turkey No joint AK Party, MHP referendum campaign: Deputy PM 10 : 09 world Second day of Syria peace talks begins in Astana 09 : 51 world 13 Daesh terrorists 'neutralized' in northern Syria 08 : 38 world Mexico seeks US dialogue, new trading partners analysis news Operation Euphrates Shield: Aims and gains No solution for Syria without Turkey: Analyst What really describes the case of Rohingya community in Myanmar? Dozen dead in boat accident in India's River Ganges American democracy’s Achilles' heel Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion 1 / 1 Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
X Edition: India Business Business Home Davos Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jan 21, 2017 | 9:45am IST Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Next In Money News Global stocks, dollar rise; investors eye earnings NEW YORK Stocks rose on Tuesday as investors looked past U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist rhetoric and focused on encouraging economic data and quarterly earnings reports. Oil prices rise as OPEC output cuts drain stocks NEW YORK Oil prices edged higher on Tuesday ahead of weekly U.S. inventory data on evidence the global market is tightening as lower production by OPEC and other exporters drains stocks. U.S. dollar gains vs yen, euro with outlook seen positive still NEW YORK The U.S. dollar firmed against the yen and euro on Tuesday, after several days of losses in the wake of President Donald Trump's inaugural speech promising more trade protectionism, with the U.S. economic outlook still seen as better than that of Europe or Japan. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Kingfisher tycoon Vijay Mallya charged in loan default case Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Business Home LBoard Devolution of powers: Sarawak panel eager to send report to Cabinet Richard T.W. Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Reuters | January 21, 2017 Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. “If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused,” Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple’s claims “baseless.” “Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information,” Rosenberg said in the statement. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm’s stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on “reasonable” terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a “no license, no chip” policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel’s shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm “has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time,” Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Japan threatens India with WTO on steel as Trump era heralds rising trade tensions White House: Trump trade strategy starts with quitting Asia pact ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Gang rape in Sweden streamed live on Facebook ‘Revealing’ footage of teacher: Cops tracking… Devolution of powers: Sarawak panel eager to send report to… Here’s why Dr Mahathir is taking on the Sultan of Johor City police seize 33 cloned high-end vehicles Look out for ‘Ahok’ factor in GE14 Billionaire gets India court order – in Malaysian… Felda’s sturgeon fish project: MACC detains 5 AirAsia X flying to London, Frankfurt this summer Seleweng projek ikan RM47.6 juta, 5 pegawai Felda ditahan ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Malaysia tak perlu mengemis pelaburan China Time to set aside differences in the name of Thaipusam Time to get real about baby dumping in Malaysia Don’t say ‘no’ to our future Apa salahnya kalau DAP nak jawatan TPM? Najib adiwira Rohingya dan hala tuju OIC More... FMT Bahasa Tanpa TPPA, ekonomi Malaysia masih teguh, kata Najib Persempadanan semula: SPR tak guna daftar pemilih terkini Mangsa banjir di Johor meningkat 3,000 Waspada ‘faktor Ahok’ pada PRU14, kata badan pemikir Perolehan awam paling terdedah rasuah Bekas presiden Indonesia Megawati didakwa hina agama More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software AT&T is once again out of Microsoft Lumia 950 stock 2 minutes ago Phil Spencer: Games "play great" on Project Scorpio 18 minutes ago The first Office Insider Preview Fast ring build is available for iOS - here's what's new 34 minutes ago Five Google Lunar XPrize teams aim for the Moon in 2017 50 minutes ago View all recent news AT&T is once again out of Microsoft Lumia 950 stock 6 minutes ago Phil Spencer: Games "play great" on Project Scorpio 22 minutes ago The first Office Insider Preview Fast ring build is available for iOS - here's what's new 38 minutes ago Microsoft handed second victory by the US Court of Appeals over request for overseas emails 1 hour ago View all Microsoft news Five Google Lunar XPrize teams aim for the Moon in 2017 50 minutes ago Google releases final Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview, adding iOS support 2 hours ago Google makes a renewed effort for Chromebooks in education, mimics Windows convertibles 3 hours ago The LG G6 reportedly won't have a Snapdragon 835 because Samsung bought them all 18 hours ago View all Google news The first Office Insider Preview Fast ring build is available for iOS - here's what's new 38 minutes ago iTunes 12.5.5 1 hour ago Apple releases first betas for iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4, and tvOS 10.2 - here's what's new 2 hours ago Owners report Apple's $159 AirPods are randomly disconnecting in the middle of calls 7 hours ago View all Apple news SecureAPlus 4.5.1 1 hour ago iTunes 12.5.5 1 hour ago Opera 42.0.2393.351 3 hours ago SnagIt 13.1.0 5 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Aukey's PB-Y3 30,000mAh power bank offers Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Type-C 22 hours ago Belkin Boost Up 15W Wireless Fast Charging Pad review Jan 21, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Microsoft lays off another round of employees, including Bryan Roper 21 hours ago Lineage OS builds now available for Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Moto G4, and more Jan 23, 2017 Microsoft introduces Windows Defender Security Center for Windows 10 23 hours ago Microsoft introduces FastTrack for Windows 10 and Dynamics 365 Jan 23, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get a lifetime license to Flux 6 for just $49.99 via Neowin Deals 7 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to VPN Unlimited for just $29.99 via Neowin Deals Jan 23, 2017 Get this Certified Professional Data Science with Python Bundle for just $49 Jan 20, 2017 Get this Microsoft SharePoint Mastery Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 19, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Qualcomm is being sued by Apple for $1 billion By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · Jan 21, 2017 with 38 comments Qualcomm CEO Steven Mollenkopf Earlier in the week, San Diego-based chipmaker Qualcomm had a suit filed against it by the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) for unfair business practices. Today, Apple is now suing the company for $1 billion. Even if you are only mildly interested in smartphones or other mobile devices, chances are you've heard the name Qualcomm before. Its technology can be found in a variety of different products on the market today and it also holds many patents for various cellular technologies. So it comes as no surprise that brands like Samsung, LG, Sony, Motorola, and more rely on Qualcomm a great deal not only for its chips but also licensing deals. As mentioned previously, the FTC found that Qualcomm had been conducting some odd business, granting special rebates to companies like Apple in return for exclusively using its technology in its products. The problem stems from Qualcomm attempting to strong arm those same companies and penalizing them if they chose to work with other companies by not issuing the aforementioned rebates. This is the official statement that was provided by Apple to the media: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm will undoubtedly protect itself to the best of its ability, but this will more than likely become a very curious case that will unfold during the course of the year. Source: Forbes | Image via Qualcomm Tags Apple Qualcomm Lawsuit 1 billion Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Google Assistant could arrive on LG's next handset Next Story Vine creates an archive that will store clips from 2013 to 2017 Advertisement Community Activity Refresh AT&T is once again out of Microsoft Lumia 950 stock in Front Page News Phil Spencer: Games "play great" on Project Scorpio in Front Page News Microsoft lays off another round of employees, including Bryan Roper in Front Page News Windows 10 Is The Worst OS Ever Created. in Microsoft (Windows) Support Microsoft introduces Windows Defender Security Center for Windows 10 in Front Page News Netflix users on Android can now download movies and TV shows to an SD card in Front Page News Haltom City, Texas officer investigated for spanking kids who ran from grandma in Real World News Xbox One: The Creators Update in Microsoft Console (Xbox) Trending Stories Microsoft lays off another round of employees, including Bryan Roper 21 hours ago with 29 comments Lineage OS builds now available for Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Moto G4, and more Jan 23, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft introduces Windows Defender Security Center for Windows 10 23 hours ago with 16 comments Microsoft introduces FastTrack for Windows 10 and Dynamics 365 Jan 23, 2017 with 0 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of One Windows, Android updates aplenty, and Microsoft's foldable phones Jan 21, 2017 FTC sues Qualcomm for bullying smartphone industry into using its products Jan 18, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 Family sues Apple for car crash "caused" by FaceTime Jan 3, 2017 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Computer Hacker Professional Certification Package $1,499.00 $59.00 96% off Show Comments 38 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple sues Qualcomm over patent royalties in antitrust case Bloomberg Susan Decker, Alex Webb and Ian King 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found Schoolboy stabbed to death outside flagship London academy © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images The Apple logo is displayed on the exterior of an Apple Store on April 23, 2013 in San Francisco, California. Apple filed a lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of monopolizing the market for chips for wireless devices, and of withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with antitrust authorities in South Korea. Qualcomm has been under fire around the world by regulators for its patent licensing practices. The lawsuit filed Friday is the first direct challenge by one of its biggest customers. Apple is demanding Qualcomm hand over money that was supposed to be a rebate for licensing fees. Qualcomm is holding back the money as punishment for Apple cooperating with Korean antitrust regulators, according to the complaint filed in San Diego, California, where Qualcomm is based. Apple is facing pressure to squeeze more profit out of every iPhone after sales declined last year for the first time since 2001, dragged down by lower sales. It typically sources the same component from several suppliers, which helps secure lower prices by forcing the manufacturers to compete on price. The complaint also challenges the validity of some key Qualcomm patents for wireless technologies. Apple asks the court to rule that, if the patents are upheld, that the royalty amount is significantly lower than what Qualcomm charges now. “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties,” Apple said in a statement. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” Antitrust Investigations In December, South Korea, home to two of Qualcomm’s largest customers, fined the company 1.03 trillion won ($890 million) and described its practices as monopolistic. Qualcomm has said it will appeal the decision. Under the agreement with Qualcomm, Apple said it was forced to refrain from taking any steps to challenge Qualcomm’s business model. Apple complied with investigation demands from Korean regulators, an action Qualcomm claimed was in violation of the agreement. In retaliation, Qualcomm withheld money that it was due to pay Apple in royalty rebates, the iPhone maker said. Qualcomm offered to pay the money “if Apple retracted and corrected its statements to government agencies,” according to the complaint. South Korean regulators aren’t the only authorities investigating Qualcomm. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on Jan. 17 filed its own antitrust suit against Qualcomm. The chipmaker is also being investigated by the European Union and Taiwanese authorities. At the heart of the dispute between Apple and Qualcomm is a push by phonemakers with the support of regulators to reduce the patent royalties Qualcomm charges. The chipmaker gets paid regardless of whether its chips are used in mobile phones or not. One common thread in all of the cases is the contention that royalty rates should be calculated as a percentage of the price of the components in the phone that Qualcomm invents and sells -- measured in tens of dollars. Currently licensing is a percentage of the price of the entire phone, which is usually in the hundreds of dollars. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro @jmartellaro Jan 20th, 2017 5:21 PM EST | Particle Debris Could augmented eyeglasses someday help us spot nasty viruses on public doorknobs? Could our wearables, in the form of an Apple Watch, someday provide a complete analysis of our blood? Predict a cold? Detect and diagnose a disease or illness? All that may not be far off. The blood analysis laboratory of the future. One of the features of modern tech is that projects that start off at a basic level and succeed almost always advance in ways that seem predictable and inevitable. This week, I want to focus on the practical, realtime benefits of a medical wearable that’s several generations beyond the current Apple Watch. Here’s a good starting point via Jonny Evans. “Your Apple Watch is Going to Become Your Personal Physician.” Author Evans makes some great points, but I want to elaborate myself. AI + Miniaturization = Future I have noted recently that CBC blood tests that used to require sending blood to a distant lab with big machines can now be done in a doctor’s office on a machine the size of a large bread box in just a few minutes. How long until your Apple Watch is able to conduct a complete, non-invasive, blood analysis? I mention this because I’ve read about a technique that allows for the measurement of blood sugar in a person’s sweat. If that can be done, there may be ways in the future, not yet envisioned, to get even more detailed information about the blood non-invasively. And, therefore, create a very thorough profile of a person’s health. Early on, some of this technology may start off as larger equipment in the home. That equipment transmits information about blood measurements to our iPhone for analysis and integration into other health data. But, I think, eventually, the “blood lab” will move into the wearable itself. Taking this a step further,  Siri or an IBM/Watson-like AI analysis of all that data could lead to the elimination of general practice physicians. Only when we need surgery would we have to visit a specialist. And that specialist will be a very precise, very competent AI robot. Your Apple Watch tells you your pulse today, but a lot more is coming. “If we can dream it, we can do it.” (Walt Disney.) Next page: The news debris for the week of January 16th. An Apple invasive maneuver. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: AI, Apple Watch, BioMed, iTunes 8 Comments Add a comment geoduck January 20, 2017 I like the idea of a “lab on your wrist”. That would be the sort of thing that would get me to get an AppleWatch. You mentioned the CBC Blood Test. Sorry but I immediately wondered why the Canadian Broadcasting Company needed blood tests. Yes that iTunes thing would be bloody annoying. However I just can’t believe Apple would ship it like that. Even THEY have to know that sometimes people are offline. This had to be a beta glitch that won’t appear in the final product. January 20, 2017 at 6:43 EST PM Lee Dronick January 20, 2017 Yeah, that iTunes thing would be a PR disaster. January 20, 2017 at 8:42 EST PM MacFrogger January 21, 2017 The fact that your perspiration has the same glucose concentration as your serum has been known for a long time, and the idea of developing a watch that monitors glucose concentrations non-invasively based on this was first pursued by a start-up co (Cygnus) in Redwood City CA many years ago. It was specifically targeted towards diabetics for obvious reasons – who wants to prick themselves with a lance to get enough blood to do a glucose test? I know all this because a good friend worked there – they even successfully launched a product called the Glucowatch. It has since been discontinued for reasons that I don’t know; you can read about it here: http://www.mendosa.com/glucowatch.htm Of course that’s all the Glucowatch did – with new tech and miniaturization, I’m sure it could be done more effectively and with a much smaller footprint. The Glucowatch did require consumables (enzymes)… January 21, 2017 at 9:15 EST AM MacFrogger January 21, 2017 And of course measuring the oxygen level of your blood is easy – when the hemoglobin in your red blood cells has oxygen bound to it, it is distinguishable spectroscopically from hemoglobin that does not have oxygen bound to it. There are already commercial devices out there that exclusively perform this function, and integrating this tech into a watch should be relatively easy. January 21, 2017 at 9:20 EST AM Mike Weasner January 21, 2017 Regarding the iTunes fiasco, I see two scenarios for this to have happened. A similar problem has occurred with the new (improperly named) iOS TV app from Apple (which replaced the Video app). 1. Apple believes that users have purchased ALL their audio and video content FROM Apple. So, in order to verify that the audio or video you want to play is legally yours, Apple has to check that you have purchased it (from Apple). Of course, that requires an Internet connection. (The iOS TV app actually has the reverse problem. You have to disable Wi-Fi and Cell networking to view your non-Apple purchased videos, unless you have changed the “media type” of the videos in iTunes.) Of course, Apple is wrong in this belief. I get most of my audio content from archive.org. That audio (old time radio shows like “X Minus One”, “The Lone Ranger”, “Jack Benny”, etc) is in the public domain. 2. Apple software quality assurance is failing to perform its job. I suspect that #2 is the reason for this most recent iTunes mess. It is also probably the reason behind the iOS TV app mess. As more evidence of the failure of software quality assurance I offer the recent iOS Garageband update. Version 2.2 was released on 19 January and 2.2.1 on 20 January. That is just sloppy. Apple’s software quality has deteriorated in recent years and Apple should be embarrassed. The hardware quality of Apple products remains generally high (with the exception of the Time Capsule, which Apple has now killed), but that quality is the responsibility of many companies, not just Apple. Apple alone is responsible for the quality of its software. January 21, 2017 at 10:02 EST AM RonMacGuy January 22, 2017 Why does it have to be non-invasive? I’d be OK with a sensor or two under my skin or, perhaps, even deeper, that my Watch can connect with (securely, of course) that can detect medical issues or provide data that is more accurate and reliable than hoping I sweat enough for my Watch to pick up. Well, maybe… until Google hacks it from a passing android phone and starts to send me emails about dialysis equipment that I may need down the road… 🙂 January 22, 2017 at 8:23 EST AM wab95 January 22, 2017 John: Of the themes you’ve chosen for this week’s PD, I find two most intriguing, namely the Apple Watch as a medical device (shockingly), specifically a bio-med lab, and second the interplay between robotics and AI, specifically the capacity of a robot to refuse a human command. You, and other writers at TMO like Bryan Chaffin and Jeff Gamet have, on several occasions, addressed the topic of the Apple Watch and health, specifically the role of sensors to monitor specific health indicators, and several comments have followed, including from yours truly, outlining both specific technical issues and longterm, high level vision pieces of where this will lead. I don’t intend to restate those here. Rather, I’d like to address the issue raised in the Matthias Scheutz piece about robots saying ‘No’ to a human command and expand that to the issue of technologies, like the Apple Watch and robotics writ large that can have a direct effect on human safety and address the role and imperative of manufacturers of those technologies to also say ‘No’ at the appropriate time. A core concept in the Matthias Scheutz piece is the question of context. Merely giving a robot a command such as ‘throw the ball through the window’ requires context, such as whether or not the window is open or closed, or whether there would be broader safety concerns, like traffic outside the window that the ball could negatively affect; context that a human would use, before deciding whether or not it is ethical or safe to obey the order. This is not easy to programme and raises an oddly related issue, namely that of the oft-quoted, ‘With great power comes great responsibility’, not simply for the device but more importantly for the creator and/or manufacturer of the device. Simply because something can be built, is it safe, ethical or even moral to build it today? The context here is not the technology, which might already exist, but the safety of the human user and that of society more broadly. Before we build more capable robots en masse, like self driving cars, or additional sensors in our wearables, like those that can monitor health parameters that people will rely on to serve and to protect them, that decision must guided by the protection and safety of the human first. An example or two might be illustrative. Imagine a self driving robotic car that could be remotely hacked, started and told to drive through the garage into your living room, use its forward camera and infrared sensors (newly installed for enhanced HUD night driving) to locate anything with a heat signature, identify a specific individual and run them over. Far-fetched? I think not. Remote take over of automobiles has already been demonstrated and security patches post production have had to be installed at a cost. Security systems will need to be hardened and multiple redundant safety subroutines in-built before robotic cars will be a safe technology for mass rollout. How about new sensors in the Apple Watch, like one that can monitor blood sugar, as an example? All sensors have a calibrated uncertainty, characterised by what we call ‘confidence intervals’, that is, a range within which the true value resides. Due to the technical limitations of that sensor, the range will be greater at the extremes, meaning that the value displayed to the human could be markedly different than ‘the truth’. No matter how often Apple, or any manufacturer, might warn people that this is not meant to be a ‘medical device’, should that range be too great to qualify as a medical device, people will still use it as such, because just like the camera in your iPhone vs a DSLR camera, the best camera is the one that you have on you when you need it. Diabetic wearers, when seeing that, most often when their blood sugar is in the normal range, the Watch gives a similar reading to their dedicated medical device, will come to rely over time on their AW, and may be lulled into a false sense of security when their sugars are abnormal and their Watch is not accurately telling them just how abnormal it is due to the uncertainty and limitations of the sensor. It will happen. Ask any ER doc. Let me cite another hackneyed expression, ‘You’ve got to crawl before you walk, and walk before you run’, a citation often belied by toddler behaviour, but I digress. We now live in an age in which, as our technology becomes more capable, particularly technology that relies on AI, including one as simple as SIRI, it begs the ethical question of whether that technology should be publicly available if it lacks sufficient capacity either to be used responsibly or, in the case of AI, to make responsible decisions that will protect the human user. Not only manufacturers, but consumers will need to accept either more simplified, less capable versions of these technologies or forego those technologies altogether, until these more capable technologies can be safely deployed, and will accommodate not simply inevitable lapses in human judgement, but will be reasonably hardened against malicious intent, however defined by regulators. In short, until those technologies can reliably assume the responsibility that matches the power with which we invest them, we, the human makers and consumers, must retain the responsibility to delay their adoption until they are safe. January 22, 2017 at 5:25 EST PM ibuck January 24, 2017 Adding to wab95’s comments, imagine Samsung wanted to release a self-driving vehicle or a robot, and wanted to beat Apple (or another manufacturer) to market. Would they wait until it could “be safely deployed, and will accommodate not simply inevitable lapses in human judgement, but will be reasonably hardened against malicious intent?” Regulation must be required to prevent safety flaws. I’ll be relieved if robots and robotic cars are required to have a simple human override that disables them when necessary. January 24, 2017 at 1:20 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9832 John Martellaro columns-opinions 8 1484932906 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
January 24, 2017 | 75° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit Associated Press Posted January 20, 2017 January 20, 2017 Updated January 20, 2017 5:05pm ASSOCIATED PRESS / 2016 Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. SAN FRANCISCO >> Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed today in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm’s technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple’s fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits,” said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm’s business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. “Qualcomm’s recent effort to cover its tracks — by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators — underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme,” the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC’s investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read ‘SNL’ writer suspended for tweet about Barron Trump Food truck gathering place to close Bereaved parents visit California creek where teen trapped White House press secretary: ‘Our intention is never to lie’ Mayor plans tax, parking hikes to add to rail funds 1 comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. cojef says: January 21, 2017 at 5:46 am Just when was considering Qualcomm stock as my next investment option? Guess with a other pending suit against them looks like its business practice have come under fire? About 15 years ago it was a good company to invest in. then there has been a change in direction in the communication industry and they got caught with their pants down. Guess it was good choice back then and now! Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Tuesday, January 24, 2017 London, ON 2° Overcast Sponsored by: LONDON GOLD BUYER Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes Shopping Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City UR Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals More Local Ontario Canada World News Local So far, recent balmy streak poses no threat to this year’s crops, say apple, wheat growers Farmers cool with warm spell By Dan Brown, The London Free Press Friday, January 20, 2017 9:37:06 EST PM Fields of green winter wheat lay exposed around the London region, but farmer Jay Robson says no harm is being done at the moment. Robson says the wheat crop is dormant, and while farmers would prefer snow cover to protect it from extreme cold, no actual crop damage is occurring. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Ontario’s farmers aren’t worried that the extended balmy streak we’ve had in the last week — which is expected to continue into next week — is going to hurt this year’s crops. At least, not yet. “The trees are dormant. They will stay dormant,” said Kelly Ciceran, general manager of the Ontario Apple Growers. That’s despite the fact temperatures may top out at a record 10 C in the London area today. In 2012, the province’s apple crop was wiped out when an early spring was followed by –11 C temperatures, which destroyed the buds in almost every orchard. “It takes a lot to wake a tree out of dormancy,” said local apple grower Phil Crunican. “The blossom is your weak link.” “Apple trees are pretty hardy,” echoed Ciceran. “Every year, there’s a risk of frost in that critical bloom time,” which doesn’t come until May. Growers who planted winter wheat are the same way. There’s no reason to feel dire right now. But they’re taking this unpredictable winter one day at a time. “Every day, you’re taking an educated guess. You’ve got to kind of watch and wait yet,” said Clarence Nywening, head of the Christian Farmers Federation of Ontario. A field of snow acts as insulation for dormant winter wheat underneath, locking moisture into the ground. If melting causes pooling in a field that produces frozen standing water, that could pose a danger to the plants. And cooler temperatures kill off more insects, which saves aggravation when spring does arrive. “We tend to have freezes and thaws this time of year,” said Todd Austin, marketing manager for the Grain Farmers of Ontario. Mark Schuster, a meteorologist with Environment Canada, said conditions we have seen in the last week is what we’re going to get in near term. “It looks like the warm weather is going to continue for the next week at least,” he said. “It’s actually warm right across the province.” Expect more mild conditions, with drizzle, rain and fog in the mix, he said. There are no major weather makers pushing into the region, which makes for a “stagnant pattern,” he added. “It’s so depressing looking outside.” danbrown@postmedia.com   Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Automotive Auto Spa Self Serve Car Wash & Dog Wash Entertainment OLG Slots at Western Fair District Medical Kyle Foot & Orthotics Go to the Marketplace » Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The London Free Press Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions London View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The London Free Press Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Books Video Games Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals Opinion Editorial Letters Column Homes News Gardening New Homes Weekend Open Houses Home Seller Shopping Print Ads Virtual Flyers Special Sections Marketplace Autoseller UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The London Free Press Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The London Free Press. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Achtoon Baby New U2 Album Info NEW! @U2 Tours "Bono, the Mother Teresa of abandoned songs, compassionately continues arguing the case for every single idea that has ever experienced even the most transitory existence." -- Brian Eno NEWS Latest U2 News New U2 Album News Bits & Bytes archive OTR archive Like A Song archive Like A Video archive U2 Lists archive @U2 Blog How to Use @U2 News Submit a Story to @U2 @U2 News Affiliate Code U2 Connections LYRICS U2 Lyrics Albums EPs Singles Videos Promos All U2 Releases by Song Title Bible References TOURS @U2 Tours (NEW!) Register Login All Tours All Concerts Songs Performed PHOTOS U2 Photos Bono Photos Edge Photos Adam Photos Larry Photos I+E Tour Photos 360 Tour Photos Vertigo Tour Photos Elevation Tour Photos U2 Live Photos (pre-Elevation) CALENDAR @U2 Calendar Events Coverage BAND U2 History Bono Biography Edge Biography Adam Biography Larry Biography Guide to U2's Dublin The Dalton Brothers FORUM Forum Home Page Register Login Unread Posts Unread Replies Board: News & Rumors Board: Tickets Buy/Sell/Trade Board: Lyrics Board: General U2 Discussion CONNECT Connect with @U2 iPhone/Android Apps from @U2 RSS Feeds from @U2 @U2 Store on CafePress @U2 on Twitter @U2 Page on Facebook @U2 on Flickr @U2 on YouTube ABOUT About @U2 Staff Directory/Contact Media Contact Information Awards & Recognition Support @U2! Visit U2diary.com Visit U2faqs.com HOME U2's New Mission The four evangelists want to persuade consumers to value music again. Will giving away their new album help the cause? Time, September 29, 2014 By: Catherine Mayer   They're used to playing marathon shows in sold-out arenas, but on the morning of Sept. 9, Bono, The Edge, Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen Jr. -- known collectively as the world-bestriding Irish band U2 -- performed a single song on a bare stage in a tired auditorium to a mere 2,300 geeks, investors and journalists. The audience at the Flint Center in Cupertino, Calif., may have seemed inconsequential, but millions watched U2 on a live feed. Or tried to -- the feed stuttered under the pressure of people logging on to discover what the tech giant Apple, the event's host, was ready to reveal. Onstage, Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the company's heavily anticipated smart watch, then summoned the four rock stars to unleash a brand-new creation of their own. Driving chords announced "The Miracle (Of Joey Ramone)," the first single from Songs Of Innocence, U2's 13th studio album, which, like the Apple Watch, was rumored but until that moment unconfirmed. The bigger surprise came as soon as the band finished playing. Within minutes, the more than half a billion subscribers to Apple's music download service iTunes began receiving Songs Of Innocence in their accounts, paid for by Apple and delivered for free. Traditionally, singles are released before albums to build demand before the record becomes available in digital and physical formats like CDs, at a price. But tradition no longer counts for much in an industry that has been every business model upended by the Internet. Once, musicians made album to make money, relying on touring to promote album sales, but these days they're just as likely to record albums to lure fans to live shows. Music, easily pirated and free to access on legitimate sites like YouTube, is often a loss leader. Apple and U2 have joined forces at a pivotal time for both. Each has something to prove, and each has something to get from the other. Apple hitched itself to one of the world's biggest bands, giving U2 the ultimate album-distribution system. But past glories can be a burden. At the Flint Center, Apple silenced skeptics with its impressive new products as the company finally emerged from the shadow of its late founder, Steve Jobs. Then it was U2's turn to prove that it can still match its creative high-water marks. The band's lovely, complex Songs Of Innocence -- 3 1/2 years in the making -- must stand against earlier triumphs such as Achtung Baby and The Joshua Tree. The bandmates are now in their mid-50s, nearly four decades into their careers, but ambition burns fiercer than ever. "It sometimes feels that we are competing with ourselves a lot," admits The Edge. He worries that TIME has described the new album as "very, very good." U2 settles only for greatness. After the Apple show, the members of U2 arrived at Silicon Valley's Hotel Los Gatos for a celebratory lunch. They believe in the album, and their guests, including music stars Gwen Stefani and will.i.am, fashion models Lily Cole and Liberty Ross, Apple execs and music moguls enthusiastically affirmed that faith. But even amid the celebrations, rancorous comments were already appearing on social media platforms, trolling the album that popped up unasked in iTunes libraries and characterizing U2's Apple deal as a devil's pact that enriches the band while devaluing music by charging consumers nothing. "They are seriously running 'ads' for the new U2 album!? Are they suggesting we have a choice?" asked another rocker, Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction, on Twitter. On Sept. 15, Apple --  facing complaints from customers struggling to remove the album from their iTunes libraries -- released a tool that allowed users to delete what Bono has described as "the blood, sweat and tears of some Irish guys." Mockery is nothing new to U2. Its front man's ceaseless campaigning on behalf of the world's poorest has earned him the nickname Saint Bono. But the singer is by no means the only evangelist in this band. All four members aim to persuade consumers to place a value on music once more, to the potential benefit, yes, of U2, but also of all musicians. Getting Apple to pay them to give away their new music to millions is just an opening salvo in a new collaboration with the tech company. Bigger hopes ride on a secret new digital format they're developing with Apple that they hope will attract reliable paying customers again, boosting the music industry -- and maybe even saving it. "For the last decade, the interweb has had its way with music," says Bono in an impromptu speech at the lunch, opening his arms wide as if greeting a stadium crowd. "Today we turned it around." Seeking Salvation The members of U2 have always been preoccupied with saving things, starting with themselves. They were in bad shape when they first convened in 1976 at Mullen's parents' house after he posted a notice at their tough Mount Temple school in Dublin seeking musicians to form a band. Together they discovered an alchemy, plus a clumsy name -- The Hype -- later exchanged for another clunker. (The band became famous before they had the chance to change their name again.) Songs Of Innocence -- the album takes its name from William Blake's Songs Of Innocence And Experience -- charts boyhood excitements like discovering the music of the Ramones and the Clash. It also mines early tribulations, which tinge even up-tempo tracks with melancholy. The inherent contradiction in U2 dispatching "its most intimate album ever" to everyone with an iTunes account gave Mullen "a little tickle," the drummer says. A wry presence, he counterpoints Bono's voluble passions, The Edge's instinctive self-effacement and Clayton's easygoing charm. The band won't say how much Apple paid for Songs Of Innocence, but a record company insider reveals that the tech giant pledge more than $100 million toward a marketing campaign. The surprise release has rekindled sales of U2's back catalog, too, with old albums re-entering the iTunes charts across the world. It's good news for the band, but money has never been what drives them. "I preferred being on the other side of the barricade," says Mullen, referring to the times when working for a living was an obligation, not an option. That ethos -- to keep searching, to keep toiling -- drives them today; the band went straight back to the studio after the Cupertino jaunt, finishing an acoustic version of Songs Of Innocence that will be released alongside the CD and bonus tracks on Oct. 13 in most of the world, a day later in the U.S. When U2 got together, Mullen had already lost his youngest sister to illness. At 15, shortly before the band formed, he had to cope with his mother's death in a car crash. Bono understood his grief. As a 14-year-old, the singer had attended his grandfather's funeral, only to watch his mother Iris collapse at the graveside. She died a few days later. He commemorates her on Songs Of Innocence with the ballad "Iris (Hold Me Close)." The trauma left Bono with a rage that he still harnesses creatively. "But I don't let it rule me." For his part, Clayton had been uprooted to Ireland from England and consigned to boarding schools before his expulsion from one such institution landed him at Mount Temple. The Edge can't easily pinpoint why he felt alienated, but he was, in his words, a "weird" loner. The band provided solace and the opportunity for reinvention: the teenage Paul Hewson became Bono; David Evans became The Edge. Religion also lifted the group, though not the type then purveyed by the Catholic Church. A track called "Sleep Like A Baby Tonight," about a pedophile priest, reflects the brutal reality of the Ireland U2 knew as boys. Mullen learned to drum as part of a traditional marching band and recalls the failure of adults to ask why one of the other child musicians, a victim of sexual abuse, had become too traumatized to speak. Clayton, widely thought to the lone atheist in U2, unpicks that idea. Though he took to the rock lifestyle enthusiastically -- so much so that he landed in rehab in the 1990s -- he says he's "probably like the rest of the band" in seeing "a core of an idea in organized religion that is appealing, but how it played itself out in suburban society didn't touch me at all." As an unhappy schoolboy, he literally prayed to be a musician. He did not, however, follow his three bandmates into a charismatic Christian sect called Shalom. Paul McGuinness, who managed the band from their early days until his 2013 retirement, had to push back when Bono, Edge and Mullen announced, under Shalom's influence, that rock life was incompatible with religion. It was 1981, the band's debut album, Boy, was riding high, and they had recently signed to make a follow-up. "I said, 'If God anything to say about our plans, there was a time he should have spoken up a few weeks ago, when we were signing the contract,'" McGuinness remembers. The faith that threatened to break U2 at its start instead now sustains the band. "It probably saves me from myself, in the end, because when you're in these environments, you have to be able to wake up in the morning and start a new day fresh and clean," says Mullen. Yet the perception of piety can be a cross for U2 to bear. Bono's campaigning through ONE, the advocacy organization he co-founded to combat poverty, and its sister organization RED, which harnesses commerce to fight AIDS, can seem at odds with the wilder spirits of rock. His sophisticated understanding of the mechanisms that cause and maintain global poverty -- and his determination to mobilize help from across the political spectrum to disarm those mechanisms -- creates jarring juxtapositions. It's hard to be hip when you're schmoozing with President George W. Bush or inviting archconservative U.S. Senator Jesse Helms to your gigs. Helms accepted, to the discomfort of The Edge, who is viscerally opposed to the brand of politics the late Helms represented. There may be complaints -- and there are -- but the rest of the band is at peace with Bono's extracurricular work, tolerating the hit to their image as part of an enduring pledge to support one another. Extended Family U2 has always stood out, melodic during the roar of postpunk. Coldplay at times could be mistaken for a U2 tribute act, but only U2 sounds exactly like U2. The Edge's ringing guitar is as instantly recognizable as Bono's emotion-drenched vocals; Clayton and Mullen form a rhythm section that is unexpected in its attack, in a good way. U2's songwriting -- The Edge says he lays down "a bunch of hooks and chords before Bono adds "the top-line melody and the lyrics" -- produces music that can quietly envelop or soar to fill huge spaces. "You want to play stadiums? You listen to U2," says will.i.am, whose own band, Black Eyed Peas, has benefited from this advice. "You study it for harmonics, the vocal placement, the freaking chord progressions, their lyrics. You study the production. You study it because studying that equals stadiums." Something else marks out U2 in a legendarily scrappy industry. After 38 years of sweaty proximity, its members still really like one another. During the recording of Songs Of Innocence, they've been sharing digs, coping with one another's eccentricities -- The Edge composing, loudly, in the middle of the night; Mullen so nocturnal they've dubbed him Dracula. It's a sitcom waiting to be filmed. They have woven family lives into their nomadic rock-star existence and to that foundation added layers of old friends who work for the band or collaborate or simply hang out. Bono calls touring -- and no band on the planet has bigger tours than U2 -- "taking a small city on the road." At other times, they merely travel with a village. In 2005 the band flew from the U.S. to the Hague to celebrate the 50th birthday of their longtime friend and collaborator, Dutch photographer and filmmaker Anton Corbijn. They brought with them old Dublin mates including Reggie Manuel, who first alerted Bono to Mullen's ad on the school notice board and who these days is the optician supplying Bono's trademark eyewear. (The code to get into the Flint Center ahead of the Apple launch was sunglasses.) The band calls Manual "Mad Dog." Guy Oseary, U2's manager since McGuinness' departure, has become "Guy Oh So Serious." U2's universe holds no higher honor than to be awarded a nickname, and Oseary, who also manages Madonna, appears to have stepped easily into McGuinness' shoes. He's gung ho about U2's future. "They've got a lot that they're planning on doing, and there's announcements coming up shortly," Oseary says the day after Cupertino. "There's no slowing down this train." Magic Bullet? Oseary may be right, but at this moment of maximum exposure, U2 flirts with failure, as the band often does, by aiming so high. For them it is not enough to keep making very, very good -- even great -- records and packing stadiums. They want to fix the industry that has given them so much. Every year since Apple's 2003 launch of the iTunes store, sales of physical recorded music have declined. In the U.S., Nielsen Soundscan registered drops in CD sales of from 18.2% to 19.7% each year from 2007 to 2010. The legitimate digital downloads sold by companies like Apple not only pay artists less per transaction but also encourage a culture change in which consumers buy individual tracks more often than albums. Now downloads are also losing ground, dipping 12.5% in the U.S in the first quarter of this year. Interactive streaming services such as Spotify or Apple's own Beats are expanding but generally pay pennies to artists. Meanwhile, anyone who wants to enjoy music for free can easily do so by seeking out a pirate website or visiting YouTube. An entire generation has come of age without the habit of buying and owning music. These trends have given U2 "a scary few years," says Bono, citing the band's decision in the early days of its success to agree to lower royalty rates in return for future ownership of their work, an arrangement that made sense before sales declined. The band members are rich, no question, but the U2 machine feeds many mouths besides. The band has many other ways to generate income besides selling records: merchandizing, promotional tie-ups; synchronization fee from TV, film, video games and advertising; and most of all, live performance. By the time U2's 360 Tour ended in 2011, it had sold more than 7 million tickets to become the biggest-ever tour by any artist or band measured by both attendance and box-office gross. In the Cupertino greenroom after the Apple event, Bono declares, "I don't believe in free music. Music is a sacrament." But in the case of Songs Of Experience [sic], it was a sacrament delivered from the stage of an Apple marketing event, one that will continue to be pushed with ads that celebrate Apple as much as U2. That has some critics calling the deal heresy. Not so, says The Edge. The launch was "actually incredibly subversive. It's really punk rock, it's really disruptive." Bono, with the grandeur that routinely lands him in trouble, compares the relationship between Apple and the band -- which goes back years -- to the Medicis' patronage of Michelangelo, chuckling when it's pointed out that opponents of the tech company might well accept its parallels with the ruthless Florentine dynasty. "The Music industry is at a nadir," he says, "and the charts are broken," reflecting only the dwindling amounts of paid for music rather than the totality of what's being consumed. U2 sees the iTunes rollout as a way to harness digital rather than passively roll with its punches. An immediate spike in sales of U2's back catalog bore out that business strategy behind the deal even as the messaging went awry. But a bigger coup de theatre is planned. There will be a world tour in 2015, and another album is in the works, a companion piece to Songs Of Innocence called Songs Of Experience. Of itself, that would be good news for U2 fans, if little more, but Bono also sketches the outlines of the new format that Apple and U2 are developing. The band is working with Apple to create "an audiovisual interactive format for music that can't be pirated and will bring back album artwork in the most powerful way, where you can play with the lyrics and get behind the songs when you're sitting on the subway with your iPad or on these big flat screens. You can see photography like you've never seen it before." Bono squints into the Californian heat haze as if a vision shimmers above him: salvation for working musicians everywhere, as consumers willingly pay to own music again -- and not just single digital tracks but entire albums. "We're about 18 months away from it," he says. "I think Songs Of Experience will be released in a new format. And I think it's going to get very exciting for the music business." Apple isn't quite as loquacious as U2's front man; the company say only that it "declined comment on future product plans." Some technological leaps forward have transformed the music industry; others sink without a trace. (Remember Stereo 8, DAT tapes and minidiscs? Probably not.) And any new way of enjoying music would be swimming against the stream, the trend away from buying and owning content -- records, movies, TV shows -- and toward streaming from the cloud whatever we want, whenever we want it. But one thing is clear: not for the first time, U2 is on a grand mission, perhaps its grandest yet. It won't be enough if its next album is great. Bono, The Edge, Clayton and Mullen want Songs Of Experience to save all of music too. They may fail, but that won't stop them trying. © TIME, 2014. More U2 News        The News Today Jan 23 Joshua Tree Journeys: David Tellers Jan 21 Joshua Tree Journeys: Cassi Glisper Jan 19 Hype and Feedback: The concert industry's love-hate relationship with scalpers Jan 19 Joshua Tree Journeys: Ryan Connolly Jan 17 I Didn't Get U2 Tickets. What Now? Jan 15 Column: off the record ..., vol. 17-756 Jan 01 Column: off the record ..., vol. 17-755 Dec 25 Column: off the record ..., vol. 16-754 Dec 18 Column: off the record ..., vol. 16-753 Dec 11 Column: off the record ..., vol. 16-752   Recent @U2 Blog Posts Dream Out Loud Film Hopes To Tell U2 Fan Stories Memories of U2 gigs in benefit book for Syrian refugees Taste And See That The U2 Feast Is Good [Listen] DJ Bella Fiasco’s pre-show set before U2’s Dreamfest show For the love of money, money, money Video (Exclusive): Bono recalls the big idea in “Sunday Bloody Sunday” as being “a bit of a trip” Bono Brings a Bit Of Finglas to Flathead Lake in New Film about the Psalms “Terryworld” offers chance to win U2 tickets 2010 Flashback: Listen to Bono’s David Bowie Playlist EXTRAS FOR YOUR U2 WEEK IN DUBLIN   @U2 Calendar January 28 2017 Elevation: The International U2 Tribute Show Performance Tonight in Bolton, Ontario February 4 2017 ZOOROPA u2 TRibute Tonight in Dublin Full Calendar   Shop U2 on iTunes (USA) Amazon.com Amazon UK Amazon Canada U2 at Wolfgang's Vault EIL.com U2 Sheet Music CD Universe AllPosters.com     -- Inside @U2 -- U2 News @U2 Blog U2 Lyrics U2 Tours U2 Photos @U2 Forum @U2 Calendar Achtoon Baby U2 Biographies About @U2 Contact @U2 @U2 Home Page   All material (c) @U2 unless otherwise noted.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Seeing the Beauty in Ugly-Duckling Stocks Legendary fund manager Don Yacktman has delivered great results by investing in "old technology" and other value names. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography May 8, 2012 Don Yacktman defies those who say stock picking is a fool's game. His two main funds, the Yacktman Focused Fund (ticker: YAFFX) and the Yacktman Fund (YACKX), were the leading performers among large-cap value funds over the past decade, with roughly 11% annualized returns that handily outpaced the Standard & Poor's 500 index. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Amazon Is Disrupting a Surprising New Industry Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 8 ETFs for 2017’s Treacherous Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Suddenly Boring iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. User’s Manual for a Mixed-Up Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Trump Will Pivot to Moderate Stance Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Trump Action That May Make Buying a Home Costly 2 Cordray Mum on Future Rulemaking, Defends Rules on Mortgage Lending 3 Gundlach, Witmer Investment Picks Rising Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Study shows Apple is still on top in every single category Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Relatively speaking, 2016 was a rough year for Apple. Although the company continued to make money hand over fist, 2016 marked the first time Apple experienced a year-over-year decline in iPhone sales. On top of that, Apple’s new MacBook Pro lineup elicited an onslaught of criticism from folks who viewed the device as underpowered and embarrassingly overpriced. Don't Miss: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL But if we smash through some of the hyperbole and dire projections about Apple’s ability to innovate, we find that Apple still has a knack for delivering products and services that keep consumers coming back for more. According to Brand Keys’ 2017 Customer Loyalty Engagement Index, Apple delivers a best in class user experience across every single category in which it competes, from smartphones to music streaming. CNET reports: When it comes to the smartphone category, the top driver is Apple. In tablets, it’s Apple. In laptop computers, it’s Apple. Yes, this despite the launch of the somewhat deflating MacBook Pro. What about online music? Goodness me, it’s isn’t Spotify. It’s Apple Music. Even in the headphones product category, Apple-owned Beats ties with LG as the category driver. Can it be that at a time when Apple is subject to criticism from seemingly all sides, it’s still the most emotionally involving, customer-pleasing brand of all? Brand Keys’ latest study provides a good opportunity to point out the dangers in getting swept away in the hive mind mentality that tends to hover over Apple. If you didn’t know any better, you might reasonably assume that the new MacBook Pro, for example, was nothing short of a flop. In reality, Apple’s revamped MacBook Pro has proven to be extremely popular with consumers, with Phil Schiller even stating this past November that Apple’s “online store has had more orders for the new MacBook Pro than any other pro notebook before.” It’s easy to get bogged down in sales figures and pessimistic diatribes about how Apple’s best days are behind it, but it’s important to remember that when it comes to providing users with an intuitive and enjoyable user experience, Apple still knows how to deliver. Trending right now: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL KFC is now using facial recognition to guess what you’ll like Scientists built an AI that is smarter than most adults See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News 2 Boston Grads Disrupted A $19 Billion Industry EverQuoteSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Stumpy’s shutting down Most hated woman in U.S.? Marleau’s San Jose roots Photos: Clint Eastwood’s mansion Brady vs. Montana debate Lin-Manuel Miranda EGOT Breaking News Watch Gov. Jerry Brown deliver ‘State of the State’ address Business Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets getting back on track Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Mark Lennihan/File In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, American flags fly in front of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks began the Trump Era with gains Friday, with the bellwether Dow Jones industrial average rising after five-straight days of losses. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | January 20, 2017 at 4:39 pm Top of the Order: The Trump Effect?: Well, it’s official. Donald Trump is now the President of the United States. Depending on which side you’re on, the next four years are likely going to be spent crowing or bellyaching. In the meantime, there’s been one immediate positive reaction, and that came on Wall Street. After five-straight days of losses, the bellwether Dow Jones industrial average got back on the positive side of the ledger Friday, rising 0.5 percent to end the day at 19,827.25. Local tech leaders, in particular, played a role in the Dow’s gains, with Dow components Apple, Cisco Systems and Intel all gaining ground during the first official day of the Trump Era. Related Articles Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans Biz Break: Optical gear maker Oclaro surges after lifting forecasts Biz Break: Zuckerberg says Facebook paid $3 billion, not $2 billion, for Oculus VR Biz Break: Netflix rises on Wall Street, investor views ahead of earnings Biz Break: Inauguration Day rooms are big business for Airbnb What happens next is, of course, anyone’s guess. The Dow has been flirting with reaching 20,000 for weeks and it needs some more gas in its tank to get to that milestone. And while it might just be symbolic, the 20,000 mark is a historical symbol, nonetheless. History was made in Washington on Friday; when the stock market opens Monday, we’ll see if the nation’s investors are feeling historical with regards to the Dow. Middle Innings: Apple to India?: Maybe Apple might want to change the name of the iPhone to the India Phone, at least if reports that it’s ready to make iPhones in India prove accurate. India has been one the last major markets where Apple is still trying to get a toehold for the iPhone, which is still seen as too expensive for many potential Indian customers. India has more than 1 billion people, but Apple is said to have only about 2 percent of the smartphone market in the country. The company wants to open its own retail stores in India, but has so far met resistance from the Indian government, which requires retailers of one brand to have 30 percent of their components produced within India. The Indian government is giving Apple and other tech companies a three-year window to meet that requirement, and now Apple is looking at building iPhones in India to put itself in place to get to the 30-percent level. But, Apple also wants something from India before it starts cranking out iPhones in Mumbai or elsewhere. Specifically, Apple is said to be asking for a 15-year-long tax holiday on the importing of components it needs to build iPhones. Apple officials are said to be headed to India next week to meet with company officials in the next phase of hammering out agreements that may, eventually, lead to the company claiming a bigger piece of India’s smartphone market. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Friday… Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Gigamon, RingCentral, GoPro, TiVo and Electronics for Imaging. In the Red: Decliners included Finisar, Aviat Networks, Accuray, Nektar Therapeutics and A10 Networks. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.3 percent to 5,555.33. The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average, to reiterate, rose 0.5 percent to end the day at 19,827.25. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index finished Friday with a gain of 0.3 percent to end the week at 2,271.31. Quote of the Day: “This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.” — President Donald Trump, setting the agenda for his administration during his Inaugural Address Friday. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Huge slide destroys Love Creek Falls in Santa Cruz Mountains Could Kyle Shanahan bail on the 49ers? San Jose: Pedestrian walking in roadway hit by Uber driver Is Stacey Dash today’s most hated woman in America? What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? Northern California twins sentenced to life for deadly crash San Jose: Proposal to ban display of Vietnam’s flag draws opposition Avalanche selfie: Two men buried in snow near Truckee miraculously rescued More in Business Is Lone Star Steakhouse exiting California? January 24, 2017, 12:02 pm Lone Star’s website lists no locations in California. UK government loses Brexit case, must consult Parliament January 24, 2017, 10:41 am Britain’s Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that Prime Minister Theresa May must get legislative approval to start the process of leaving the European Union, raising the possibility that lawmakers will delay her plans to trigger negotiations by the end of March. What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? January 24, 2017, 12:49 pm Upwards of 60 restaurants around the Bay Area have closed in the last few months alone, citing difficulties like the cost of finding and keeping good employees, rising rents, new requirements for providing health care and sick leave, and doing it all while competing with the slew of new dining options. U.S. stock indexes move higher in afternoon trading; oil rises January 24, 2017, 10:32 am Materials and financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher in afternoon trading Tuesday as investors sized up the latest round of company earnings news. Energy stocks also rose as crude oil prices headed higher. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Sues Qualcomm, Claims Payment Was Withheld As ‘Extortion’ By Tyler Lee on 01/20/2017 17:58 PST Earlier this week the FTC filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in which they alleged that the company had “forced” Apple to use their chips in exchange for lowering licensing fees, which is along the lines of monopolistic behavior and clearly a big no-no in the eyes of the FTC. Unfortunately Qualcomm’s legal woes don’t end there as Apple has since filed a lawsuit themselves. According to the lawsuit, it seems that when Apple cooperated with the Korea Fair Trade Commission, Qualcomm decided to “punish” the Cupertino company by withholding payments to Apple, that is unless Apple was willing to change its statement to the KFTC, or at least that’s what Apple is alleging in its lawsuit. The company goes on to note that Qualcomm had been overcharging the company in the billions for patent royalties that Apple claims are “for technologies they have nothing to do with.” Qualcomm has yet to respond to Apple’s allegations but it does seem like the company is facing quite a bit of legal trouble. In 2016 they were hit with a $854 million fine in South Korea, and the year before that they landed themselves in trouble with China’s antitrust regulators who slapped them with a $954 million fine. Combine this with the FTC and Apple’s lawsuit, it seems that Qualcomm has quite a deep legal hole that they’ll have to dig themselves out of. In the meantime Apple’s full statement on the lawsuit reads: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Filed in Apple >General. Read more about Legal and Qualcomm. Related Articles 2017-01-23 LG G6 Might Not Come With The Snapdragon 835 2017-01-23 Qualcomm Reportedly Considering A Countersuit Against Apple 2017-01-22 Qualcomm Says Apple Has 'Mischaracterized' Their Agreements 2017-01-17 FTC Sues Qualcomm For Allegedly Forcing Apple To Use Its Chips 2016-12-30 Qualcomm And Meizu Settle Their Licensing Lawsuit 2016-12-28 Qualcomm Could Be Hit With $853M Antitrust Violation Fine In South Korea 2015-10-11 ITC Rules Samsung Did Not Infringe Upon NVIDIA’s Patents Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business January 20, 2017 9:02 PM Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN FRANCISCO Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. "Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks — by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators — underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme," the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC's investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:38 President-elect Trump shares an update on the White House transition and his policy plans Pause 2:25 A look at Brickell City Centre 0:44 Minnesota governor collapses during speech 2:37 Marco Rubio explains his decision to support Tillerson for Secretary of State 0:58 Irula tribesmen chase pythons in the Everglades 1:06 What to do when you meet a python 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 0:48 Shots disrupt MLK Day celebration 0:50 Dion Waiters speaks to media after last-second shot beats Golden State Warriors 1:02 Mike Pompeo sworn in as CIA director Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 0:41 8 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:17 12 days ago Airport workers claim they lost their jobs after speaking out 2:33 12 days ago Seven Seas Explorer: A look inside the luxurious ship View more video Business Argentine prosecutors are investigating a South Florida condo that sold for $10.7 million Charcoal — the first legal cargo from Cuba in more than 50 years — arrives at Port Everglades Clowns are fired but Ringling’s company can still get $3.7 million for creating jobs Would you buy your next car at Wal-Mart? Miami startup offers car washes on demand that save water, too Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Liberty Utilities water rates frozen for more than 2 years Friday Jan 20, 2017 at 5:49 PM Jan 23, 2017 at 4:03 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — In what company officials are touting as an opportunity to “better engage customers,” Liberty Utilities announced a freeze Friday that will lock in base rates at 2017 levels for more than two years. The 30-month rate freeze is the result of approval of Liberty Utilities, Apple Valley’s December request to delay filing its next general rate case with the California Public Utilities Commission for one year. CPUC approval came on Dec. 20, according to a letter obtained from the company by the Daily Press, and follows the release of a Dec. 15 Office of Ratepayer Advocates letter that objected to Liberty’s request. In the first letter, the ORA cited a need to examine Liberty's next general rate case "as soon as possible" and said uncertainty exists regarding Liberty’s reduced capital spending relative to the levels adopted by the commission. "Given this recent decrease in capital spending in 2016, the Commission should require Liberty Apple Valley to move forward with its GRC on schedule beginning in January, 2017 to examine rates that will be effective January 1, 2018," the letter said. The now-approved request also allows Liberty to consolidate regulatory filings with its water system in southeast Los Angeles County, a move the company said will lead to savings that “will be passed along to customers.” In a statement, Tony Penna, Liberty’s vice president and general manager, said the CPUC’s approval will reduce regulatory costs in addition to stabilizing water rates in the town. “The base rate freeze, consolidated regulatory schedule and expanded customer outreach reflect Liberty Utilities’ transparency, accountability and commitment to the Apple Valley community,” Penna said. It should be noted that the freeze comes after an increase of nearly 5 percent to base rates that took effect Jan. 1. Penna also noted the delayed filing allows the company an opportunity to “collaborate with community leaders regarding operations, maintenance and investment in the local water system.” It remains uncertain how much collaboration, if any, will occur given Liberty is locked in eminent-domain litigation with the Town of Apple Valley. Mayor Scott Nassif told the Daily Press that Liberty’s "action" is not a rate freeze. “Consumers will notice higher rates on their bills for January because Liberty applied for, received approval for and has implemented a 4.88 percent rate increase for the 2017 calendar year,” Nassif said. “The Office of Ratepayer Advocates objected to Liberty’s recent rate request because it was based on a capital spending plan that Liberty is not meeting.” As a result, according to Nassif, Liberty “might be charging far more than they should be.” “This ‘freeze’ is an attempt to escape scrutiny of their current, exorbitant rate structure for another year,” he said. “Liberty has routinely used advice letters to increase rates in the past with little notice to customers.” Meanwhile, Liberty officials said that during the freeze period, which ends June 30, 2019, the company will make its mandated annual regulatory filings for a customer credit or surcharge to ensure it collects only the 2017 authorized revenue levels approved by the CPUC. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Jallikattu #Raees #Kaabil #BMC election #Bigg Boss 10 #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Headless baby's body found inside Mira Road housing complex Sealed alive! Civic officials lock-up elderly woman inside her house ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES David Warner praises his wife Candice with this romantic message! So near yet so far! 8 times when India lost by narrow margins in ODIs ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Learn to make strawberry jam, tea cakes at this Panchgani workshop Health: Experts list effective ways for better skin and hair care ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES 'Kaabil' - Movie Review From Beijing to Bollywood: Jackie Chan promotes 'Kung Fu Yoga' in Mumbai ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext iPhones to be made in India? Apple is ready for the deal By mid-day online correspondent | Posted 21-Jan-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Apple iPhone 8 California based Apple Inc. is going to meet the central government officials in Delhi next week because the global tech manufacturer is willing to start manufacturing iPhones in India itself. Apple feels that the central government will be a big help to the company in this case. Apple will therefore discuss the prospects and possibilities of setting up its manufacturing units in India in 2017. Apple is asking India for a long list of financial concessions that includes a 15-year tax exemption on imports of materials and components. Apple aims to set up their manufacturing units in India because the tech giant aims to boost India’s business scenario and at the same time sees the country as a fast growing smartphone hub. Narendra Modi under his 'Make in India' campaign wants firms to manufacture their products within India itself. If the upcoming meeting between Apple and Indian government goes fine and it decides to accept Apple’s request to waive of custom duties, then this will be a big move for Indian economy, where the global tech giant will set up their exclusive manufacturing unit and start making iPhones. Tags: apple manufacturing units apple iphones apple inc apple units in inida apple devices technology lifestyle technology news lifestyle news Previous StoryTech: Nokia P1 Android phone's price and features leakedNext Story Tech: 7 best games for Google Cardboard Related Stories Apple gears up to manufacture iPhones in India in 2017 Technology News | 03-Jan-2017 PHOTO VIDEO Bollywood actor Jiah Khan's death: The mystery continues Spotted: Malaika Arora at cafe in Bandra Spotted: Devendra Fadnavis with daughter Divija at an event Photos: Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne Khan, other Bollywood celebs at a bash Photos: Vidyut, Adah at 'Commando 2' trailer launch Bollynews Fatafat: Crowd goes berserk during Raees promotion, one dead How did Subhash Ghai The Showman find success with Kalicharan, despite six rejections? How Jackie Chan felt helpless infront of Bollywood? Rekha exits the venue after Big B enters You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Cricketer Siraj wants father to end 30-year auto-rickshaw driving career Cricket News|23-Jan-2017 Spotted: Sridevi's daughter Jhanvi Kapoor in Bandra Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Ileana D'Cruz poses nude in bathtub for her boyfriend Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Photos: Akshay Kumar, Twinkle Khanna and kids' lunch outing in Bandra Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Baby with 4 legs and 2 male sex organs born in Raichur National News|23-Jan-2017 'Koffee With Karan': When Karan Johar groped Priyanka Chopra! Television News|23-Jan-2017 Inspired by 'Crime Patrol', Dilip Kumar kidnaps child in Mumbai Crime News|23-Jan-2017 Ecstatic over dad's release from jail after 20 yrs, son dies of heart attack National News|23-Jan-2017 Now is your chance to help the world's heaviest woman National News|23-Jan-2017 Mumbai: Leopard takes midnight stroll in parking lot at Mulund National News|23-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Girl gangraped in moving jeep, incident filmed on mobile phone Crime News|22-Jan-2017 Shah Rukh Khan breaks down after 'Jabra' fans claim life Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 'Kaabil' - Movie Review Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 Navi Mumbai: Arrested rapist turns out to be fugitive killer Crime News|24-Jan-2017 Girl gangraped in moving jeep, incident filmed on mobile phone Crime News|22-Jan-2017 Ileana D'Cruz poses nude in bathtub for her boyfriend Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 'Kaabil' - Movie Review Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 Seema Kapoor: Neither Om Puri nor I ever bad-mouthed each other People News|22-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1131 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH US Army's spun-off GPU database gets ready for more matrix operations Spun-out Nexsan now prowling the market for growth and acquisitions IBM: We're not putting XIV on the cart Shocked, I tell you. BT to write off £530m over 'improper' Italian accounts practices Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Solaris 11.next plan brings continuous delivery of OS upgrades Google hardwires its Android app store into new Chromebooks Resistence is futile: HPE must face Oracle over Solaris IP US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Penguins force-fed root: Cruel security flaw found in systemd v228 DDoSing has evolved in the vacuum left by IoT's total absence of security UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary I'll have Fabric, Crashlytics... Google crams Twitter mobile dev tools in trolley Policy The Channel Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news Jinn workers besiege delivery app co-founder to protest wage changes Brexit, schmexit: Christmas sales up 4 per cent at Dixons Carphone 2014: El Reg booze lab proves Bluetooth breathalyzers are crap. 2017: US govt agrees Samsung Galaxy S8 will be a no-show at MWC, exec says Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant DirecTV Now plagued with faults, but uptake not slowing SPB Geek's Guide We've found a ‘vaccine’ for fake news. Wait! No, we really are Cambridge researchers Korean boffins vow 1,000km-an-hour supertrain NASA fires first shot in plan to bring a chunk of asteroid down to Earth Euro space agency's Galileo satellites stricken by mystery clock failures Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Verizon waves its IoT credentials, boasts of adopting US-centric one 'It will go wrong. There's no question of time... on safety or security side' Nuclear power station sensors are literally shouting their readings at each other Yes, just what they need: Curious Dr MISFA injects a healthy dose of curiosity into robots Verity Stob Irish townsfolk besieged by confused smut channel callers Batman v Superman leads Razzie nominations Make America, wait, what again? US Army may need foreign weapons to keep up Annoyingly precocious teen who ruined Trek is now an asteroid More like this Apple Royalties Qualcomm Ftc Business One BEEELLION dollars: Apple sues Qualcomm, one of its chip designers Snapdragon biz's bad week just got worse 21 Jan 2017 at 01:08, Shaun Nichols Following the lead of the FTC, Apple has filed suit against Qualcomm alleging it was charging excessive patent royalty fees for cellphone technology. The Cupertino maker of AirPods says in a lawsuit [PDF] filed with the Southern California District Court on Friday that Qualcomm has for years been gouging it with excessive licensing charges as a condition of using its cellular modem chips. Apple says that Qualcomm has insisted on charging royalties for patented technology that were, in some cases, not even used in the iOS products Apple had purchased Qualcomm's chips for. The suit seeks roughly $1bn in damages. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement to El Reg. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies that contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." Apple also claims that Qualcomm withheld payments it owed as retaliation against Apple for cooperating in a probe by the Korean Fair Trade Commission that eventually led to Qualcomm being hit with an $853m fine. "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use," Apple said. "We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty, we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." The filing comes just days after the FTC filed its own suit against Qualcomm for abuses in its licensing system. That suit included allegations that Qualcomm had been overcharging Apple and bribing the iPhone maker with lower licensing costs in exchange for an exclusive deal to provide baseband chips for its smartphones over a five-year period (Apple switched to a mix of Qualcomm and Intel baseband chips last year). Qualcomm has said it will fight the FTC's complaint. "While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple's claims are baseless," said Don Rosenberg, a Qualcomm executive vice president and general counsel. "Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent [Korean] decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 57 Comments More from The Register Uh-oh! Microsoft has another chatbot – but racism is a no-go for Zo Don't worry, there won't be any more Hitler outages this time, we're told 52 Comments Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Pressure vessel buckled, something sparked, oxygen exploded 27 Comments Chatbot lawyer shreds $2.5m in parking tickets The power of automated persistence 28 Comments Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 29 Comments El Reg drills into chatbot hype: The AIs that want to be your web butlers Analysis So many things to solve, eg: how can there be conversation without memory? 47 Comments Microsoft GitHubs BotBuilder framework behind Tay chatbot Hey kids! Now you can write your own bodgy bot! 16 Comments Whitepapers Building your DLP strategy and process Forcepoint works with its clients around the world to develop effective strategies and processes for implementing data loss prevention (DLP) programs. Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. Make a smart investment in office 365 smarter with box Office 365 marks an important change for both the IT groups that administer Microsofts core toolset and the end users that interact with those tools. Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Most read Cisco's WebEx Chrome plugin will execute evil code, install malware via secret 'magic URL' UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark Government to sling extra £4.7bn at R&D in bid to Brexit-proof Britain Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant Stallman's Free Software Foundation says we need a free phone OS Spotlight Why Theresa May’s hard Brexit might be softer than you think Facebook pimping for politicos despite fake news 'purge' Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation Speaking in Tech: The really HUUUUGE 2017 Predictions Show Has Samsung, er, rounded the corner with Apple court win? Watch your back, Netflix: Viu on track for 10 million subs next year What's in Hammond's box? Autumn fallout for Britain's tech SMBs Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Mobile Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion in unpaid rebates, alleges attempted perjury, extortion Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion in unpaid rebates, alleges attempted perjury, extortion By Joel Hruska on January 20, 2017 at 7:32 pm Comment Apple sued Qualcomm today, alleging that the mobile chip giant owes it at least a billion dollars in unpaid rebates and agreements. Apple further states that Qualcomm “attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC [Korean FTC] in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple.” That’s a bombshell accusation, if true. The Korean FTC recently fined Qualcomm $850 million, but an accusation that Qualcomm may have deliberately attempted to pay other corporations to lie on its behalf could open Qualcomm up to criminal lawsuits and accusations of perjury. China has also fined Qualcomm for its alleged monopolistic abuses and the FTC filed a lawsuit against QC earlier this week. Apple provided Ars Technica with the following statement: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Among Apple’s complaints, are allegations that it is forced to effectively double-pay Qualcomm, since Qualcomm requires Apple’s manufacturing partners to take out a license to work with Snapdragon hardware, then charges Apple again for a separate license. According to Apple, Qualcomm sweetened the deal with rebates so long as Apple maintained exclusivity — which actually sounds a fair bit like the rebate practices Intel used to artificially deny and reduce AMD’s ability to win product designs from 2002 – 2006. In this case, however, it was Intel’s modem that allowed Apple to break Qualcomm’s lock on its LTE business. This also explains why Apple used Intel in the first place, given that Intel’s modem isn’t as good as Qualcomm’s according to objective analysis. Apple’s suit alleges that Qualcomm breached its contracts, abused its monopoly power, and violated California contract law. It also claims Apple was overcharged and required to license nine separate patents that Apple does not believe it infringed upon. If this case is anything like the long-running Apple / Samsung litigation, it’ll be years before it goes to trial and years after that until a verdict and damages amount is settled — but throwing another lawsuit shines an unwelcome spotlight on its business practices and policies. Tagged In apple intel amd qualcomm lte FTC antitrust monopoly KFTC Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Leaked PDF sheds light on Microsoft’s Project Scorpio, 4K gaming plans Jan 24 CyanogenMod successor Lineage OS is now available for download Jan 24 New crackdown on VPNs meant to further empower China’s Great Firewall Jan 24 ET deals roundup: Save big on 4K UHD TVs in time for the big game Jan 24 3D TV is finally, blessedly, mercifully, dead — will VR follow suit? Jan 24 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Apple is suing one of its biggest iPhone partners for $1 billion Apple is suing one of its biggest iPhone partners for $1 billion By Matt Swider Mobile phones   Ironic: Apple doesn't like being overcharged Shares Update: We've added a section focusing on Qualcomm's follow-up statement to get both sides of the story. No one likes being overcharged for the iPhone, not even Apple, so it's suing one of its biggest partners for $1 billion, alleging inflated patent prices. Qualcomm, the San Diego-based chip maker, holds the rights to cellular patents that are used to make the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. But it's getting expensive. Apple says Qualcomm charges "at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," reports CNBC. Taking a shot at its partner, Apple adds, "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with." Here's what Qualcomm says Qualcomm, of course, doesn't see it the same way , saying, "it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless" in an official statement. It calls out Apple for snipping it at various junctures around the globe, noting, "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world." Qualcomm concludes its statement with, "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court."  It sounds like we'll have another long, drawn-out Apple legal saga, reminiscent of the Apple-Samsung court case. Side benefit? We may discover tantalizing, never-before-heard trade secrets again in the process. When the chips are down iPhone prices have gotten more expensive in the last decade, ever since the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone in 2007. At the same time, Apple's profits have been on a sudden downward trend, and current CEO Tim Cook's compensation even has dipped because of it. Apple is clearly pinching every penny, playing defense in its filing: "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason." It's driving home the point that the more it's charged for patents, the "more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." Qualcomm, for its part, makes most of its money off of these sort of royalties. It sells Apple GSM and CDMA-enabled iPhone 7 modem chips, primarily used in the US models, and they've proven to perform better than Intel's GSM-only modems. Whether or not this billion-dollar lawsuit sours their relationship for the iPhone 8 later this year remains to be seen.  Qualcomm also makes Android chipsets, like the Snapdragon 820 found in over 200 devices, and it has a sequel on the way: the Snapdragon 835, expected in the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8. Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR Matt Swider Matt Swider is TechRadar's gadget-savvy, globe-trotting mobile editor in Los Angeles. As an expert in iOS and Android, he owns over 120 phones that someone keeps setting the alarms on – simultaneously. He received his journalism degree from Penn State University and is never seen without his TechRadar headphones. Related news The best headphone deals in January 2017 Premier League games are the latest to get the 4K treatment Intel vs AMD: which chipmaker does processors better? The best monitor deals in January 2017 See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 10 best gaming laptops 2017: top gaming notebook reviews 4 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 5 Best Kodi/XBMC streaming boxes 2017 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 Twitter apologizes for making you follow the new US President 4 The first ever truly upgradable laptop has a card up its sleeve 5 Huawei Mate 9, the best phone you need in 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path GalaxyNote7 NintendoSwitch ChinaVPNs WorstPassword RokuTips Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ Apple, Alleging Extortion, Sues Qualcomm for $1B Apple, Alleging Extortion, Sues Qualcomm for $1B By Tom Brant January 20, 2017 06:08pm EST 10 Comments It's the second lawsuit in less than a week alleging that Qualcomm engaged in unfair business practices. Qualcomm on Friday faced the second lawsuit in less than a week alleging it engaged in unfair business practices, this time from Apple, which filed a complaint seeking $1 billion in damages, the Wall Street Journal reported. Apple's suit, filed in federal district court in the Southern District of California, alleges that Qualcomm withheld contractually-obligated payments in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with a Korean investigation into its business practices. That investigation ended with the Korean antitrust agency levying a record $854 million fine against Qualcomm last month. Qualcomm makes the processors found in some models of the iPhone and many other smartphones and mobile devices, from flagship handsets like the Samsung Galaxy S7 to lower-end Android models. The agreement with Apple, which used Qualcomm chips exclusively in its iPhones from 2011 to 2016, required Apple to pay a percentage of iPhone sales revenue to Qualcomm, according to the Journal. Qualcomm was supposed to return a portion of those payments as rebates, but it stopped doing so after Apple cooperated with investigators from the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC). The suit says that Qualcomm "attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments," according to the Journal. In all, Apple claims that $1 billion worth of rebates were withheld. "We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts," Apple said in a statement to the Journal. Related FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws Qualcomm Executive Vice President and General Counsel Don Rosenberg said that Apple was encouraging "regulatory attacks" on Qualcomm's business practice. "Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program," Rosenberg said in a statement. Apple's complaint comes two days after the US Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm for using anticompetitive tactics to impose unfair conditions on its customers and weaken its competitors. Qualcomm has objected to both the Korean and US lawsuits, and said it plans to appeal them. Back to top Previous : FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws Asus Launches $60 4K-Capable Tinker Board Computer Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Razer BlackWidow Chroma Keyboard Gets New Switches The BlackWidow Chroma V2 keyboard has a Yellow switch option that can withstand up to 80 million key... More » Missing AirPods? Soon, Find My iPhone App Will Help Apple's AirPods will get easier to find in iOS 10.3. More » Windows 10 Creators Update Rolls Out to Xbox Insiders The first features in an update designed to bring Xbox and Windows closer together are now available... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Switch From an Android Phone to the iPhone The Coolest Cars at the 2017 Detroit Auto Show The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 32-Bit vs. 64-Bit OSes: What's the Difference? »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1131 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Apple Hits Qualcomm with $1 Billion Lawsuit over Excessive Royalties GO The chip maker withheld 1$ billion because Apple helped South Korean authorities investigating its business Jan 21, 2017 00:54 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  It looks like the partnership between Apple and Qualcomm has come to an end, as the Cupertino company has decided to turn to the courts to settle a disagreement on paid royalties. Apple has already released an official statement explaining why it has decided to file a lawsuit against Qualcomm over excessive royalties. The amount Apple is asking Qualcomm to pay for charging more excessive royalties is no less than $1 billion. “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations,” reads Apple's statement obtained by CBNC. But that's not all, as Apple went on to say that it was charged by Qualcomm up to five times more in payments than any other patent licensors it has agreements with combined. That must have hurt really bad, so we can understand why Apple has decided to take it to the courts. Steve Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” On top of that, according to the statement, Qualcomm withheld around the same amount of $1 billion in payments from Apple because the Cupertino-based company helped the South Korean authorities investigating the chip maker's business. “To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” Qualcomm hasn't yet responded to Apple's lawsuit and allegations, so it will be interesting to see how this clash between two giants will end up.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Apple suit#Qualcomm royalties#Apple patent#Qualcomm chipset#Apple lawsuit subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple's 2018 iPhone Could Use TSMC's 7nm Processor, Rumors Claim Apple Purposely Throttles Down Some iPhone 7 Data Speeds in the United States Why Some iPhone 7 Models Are Faster than Others and How to Tell If Yours Is Slow iPhone 7 AT&T and International Versions to Get Intel LTE Modem Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month Padoka or Oibaf PPA for Ubuntu Gaming? Tell Us Which One Do You Prefer and Why Samsung SDI Announces Major Investments Towards Battery Safety Enhancements Vivaldi CEO to Microsoft: Stop Stealing the Default Browser in Windows 10 Why Half an Onion Would Take on Trump on Twitter Celebgate Hacker Sentenced to Prison Patent Wars: Nokia Seeks Cease and Desist Order Against Apple Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month 2 photos    Apple HQ New Mac Apps Rocket.Chat: Web chat platform built with Electron that offers you the possibility to connect to your own server and provides support for numerous communication modules Pandora's Box: Easy to use all in one solution that can help you create and customize bootable USB or DVD images for your Hackintosh, in a streamlined manner Manager: Versatile accounting software solution for Mac OS X that offers you the possibility to manage multiple businesses, to track all transactions, to generate reports, and so on Mobirise: It provides you with a user-friendly environment and all the tools needed to create mobile-optimized and responsive websites with just a few mouse clicks Curio: A well-designed, user-oriented and flexible digital notebook that makes it easy for you to store, manage and organize your notes, ideas and projects Thunderbird: A powerful and streamlined e-mail management application that makes it very easy to organize, secure and customize your mail using a Mac Marvin: Provides a collection of Java based tools that will help you draw, visualize and analyze different chemical substances and reactions Reader comments Waze Receives Major Update on iOS and Android with Voice Search in Your Language more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1 Billion Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1 Billion Friday, 20 January 2017 (4 days ago) It has gone from bad to worse for mobile chipmaker Qualcom, which just days after getting sued by the US government, which accused the chipmaker of engaging in monopoly tactics over mobile phone components, was also sued this afternoon by the world's biggest company. Apple filed a $1 billion lawsuit against its supplier, accusing Qualcomm of overcharging for its chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates for chip purchases. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm demanded onerous terms for its technology and that it withheld rebates because Apple cooperated with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission, in its probe into Qualcomm licensing practice. The KFTC fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In its statement, Apple said that Qualcomm has taken "radical steps," including "withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." Apple added, "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple also said. According to the Apple complaint, Qualcomm’s terms required Apple to pay a percentage of the average selling price of an iPhone to use Qualcomm patents and to exclusively use Qualcomm chips in iPhones from at least 2011 to 2016. Apple received what it called quarterly rebates from Qualcomm under terms of the agreement, but Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators, the suit says. The lawsuit is surprising in that Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and its arch nemesis, Samsung Electronics for "modem" chips that help phones connect to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40% of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Furthermore, Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Meanwhile, Qualcomm's legal problems continue to pile up. In February 2015, the company paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. In Washington on Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers like Apple and to weaken competitors. For now, Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said, however sensing weakness how long until Samsung likewise attacks its key vendor demanding easier terms too? Judging by the modest reaction in QCOM's stock, the market does not see that as a likely possibility. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Global Business - 4 days ago< > Embed Apple Sues Qualcomm Over Patent Royalties 03:35 Jan.20 -- Apple sued Qualcomm, accusing it of monopolizing the market for chips for wireless devices and withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with South Korean antitrust authorities. Bloomberg’s Ian King and Alex Webb report on “Bloomberg Technology.” You Might Like Recent related news Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion in Unpaid Royalty RebatesFollowing an FTC complaint alleging Qualcomm engaged in anticompetitive patent licensing practices, Apple has filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm claiming the... MacRumours.com 4 days ago - Computer Industry Apple sues Qualcomm for withholding $1 billion ‘as retaliation’Apple is suing Qualcomm for $1 billion, saying that the mobile chip maker has been dramatically overcharging it for the use of basic patents, according to... The Verge 4 days ago - Technology Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion over excessive royaltiesApple is not happy with its longtime partner Qualcomm, as it has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against the chip maker for allegedly being charged "royalties for... betanews 4 days ago - Technology Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion, depicting it as a shady monopolistApple Inc. is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm Inc. for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The... L.A. Times 4 days ago - Americas Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion in royalty disputeApple has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm, claiming that for many years, the chip manufacturer has "unfairly insisted on charging royalties for... engadget 4 days ago - Technology Apple sues Qualcomm for nearly $1 billionApple is suing Qualcomm for allegedly charging 'excessive royalties' and withholding payments in retaliation for Apple cooperating with a regulatory... CNNMoney 4 days ago - Technology Apple sues Qualcomm for 1 billion, citing shady business practicesApple is onto its next big legal feud: Qualcomm. The company today filed a $1 billion lawsuit against giant chipmaker Qualcomm, according to CNBC. The lawsuit... The Next Web 4 days ago - Internet Apple sues Qualcomm over patent royalties in antitrust caseApple has sued Qualcomm, accusing it of monopolizing the market for chips for wireless devices and withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with... SFGate 4 days ago - Business Other recent news in Markets In Blow To Theresa May, UK SUPREME COURT Rules Parliament Must Vote Before Brexit Can Start Johnson & Johnson SLIDES On Top-Line Miss, Disappointing Drug Sales, Soft Outlook BREXIT: The Full Timetable Of What Happens Next Trump To Sign Executive Orders Advancing KEYSTONE, Dakota Pipelines DUPONT bolsters Wall Street UK Govt Loses 'Brexit' Appeal; SC Rules PARLIAMENT Nod Needed To Trigger Art.50 A judgmental shrug: the pound’s reaction to BREXIT RULING 'La La Land' Leads OSCAR NOMINATIONS With 14 Morgan Stanley, CITIGROUP Charged With Misleading Investors About Forex Trading Program LOCKHEED MARTIN Corp. Reports 17% Gain In Q4 Bottom Line Twitter Facebook Page People Barack Obama Donald Trump Mark Dayton Meryl Streep Jerry Brown Current Topics La La Land West Bank Erin Andrews Paris Jackson Keystone XL Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Hacksaw Ridge Is Harry Potter Set To Take a Leaf Out Of Star Wars' Book? MOVIE REVIEW: Split Will Bixby Run Siri Out Of Town? President Trump's First Act? Wave Goodbye To The Climate Action Plan The Walking Dead Is Being Toned Down - But By How Much? Trump's Inauguration Day - The Donald Has Landed Nintendo Amid Pricing Fears: 'We Won't Sell The Switch At a Loss' Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out00:21 GMT +325 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Lawsuit Demands Apple Holds All iPhone Sales Over Texting While Driving Feature © Flickr/ Phillip LeConte Tech 03:37 21.01.2017Get short URL 447171 Apple is facing a potential class action lawsuit for not implementing a technology that would prevent people from texting while driving. According to the lawsuit, Apple has had this technology since 2008, but has not implemented it due a fear that it would lose a significant portion of its customer base. © Photo: Pixabay No Evidence Overheated iPhone, iPad Could Cause EgyptAir A320 Crash - AppleA lawsuit filed at the Los Angeles County Superior Court by lawyers at MLG Automotive Law demands Apple halt iPhone sales until the company upgrades its smartphones with a feature that forcibly prevents text messages from being composed while driving. The main plaintiff in the case, Julio Ceja from Costa Mesa, California, reportedly suffered injuries after his car was rear-ended at a stoplight by a woman who was texting on her iPhone at the moment of the incident. The lawsuit, which names Ceja and "other similarly situated" plaintiffs, states that Apple has had a technology that prevents iPhones from being used to text while driving, as far back as in 2008. The company applied for a patent for this technology in that year, and it was granted in 2014. According to the patent abstract, the technology uses the smartphone's built-in motion analyzer and scenery analyzer and "does not require any modifications or additions to the vehicle." No iPhone is equipped with this feature, because, according to the lawsuit, Apple is "fearful" that implementing its patented technology "would cause it to lose valuable market share." The lawsuit alleges Apple and its iPhones are responsible for an estimated 52,000 automobile accidents annually in California alone, based on reports from the California Highway Patrol and the Federal Highway Administration. According to these reports, 312 Californians die in car crashes each year due to using an iPhone while texting. "Texting and driving has become one of the most serious issues that confronts all of us on a daily basis," said MLG Automotive Law founding member Jonathan Michaels. "Legislating against drivers will unfortunately not solve the problem." © Photo: Pixabay New Year May Dash Apple's Dream to Make IPhone in IndiaAccording to Michaels, people are unwilling to put away their cell phones while driving, and there is no way to make sure that they do. Implementing a lock-out feature is the only way to prevent automotive accidents. This is not the first time this technology has been cited in court, as it was noted in lawsuits regarding accidents that happened in 2013 and 2014. In the first case, a Texas woman rammed an SUV while checking her iPhone for new messages, which resulted in death of the driver and his passenger, and left a child paralyzed. In 2014, a driver using FaceTime, Apple's video-calling feature for iPhone, caused a car crash that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old girl. This tragedy became the point of another lawsuit against Apple that was filed in December 2016. The lawsuits are different, as this one does not demand implementing a technology, instead focusing on damages and medical expenses. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 71 Related: 10 Years On: The Inside Story of How Apple Invented the iPhone (VIDEO) Japan Gets Early Delivery of Apple's Latest 'Living Cat' iPhone Cases SOS in iOS: New iPhone Software to Feature a 'Panic Button' Function Tags: safety, technology, lawsuit, texting, driving, iPhone, MLG Automotive Law, Apple, Jonathan Michaels, Julio Ceja, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply jas 03:50 21.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete According to Michaels, people are unwilling to put away their cell phones while driving, and there is no way to make sure that they do. Implementing a lock-out feature is the only way to prevent automotive accidents. -- Then why not sue car manufacturers for not making a driver take a breathalizer test every time the car is started? *sarcasm* No more nanny state and remove the silly stickers from ladders too. Reply michael 06:03 22.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete oops.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 00:17Senate Armed Services Committee to Consider Closing Excess Military Bases in US 00:12Toyota Invests $600Mln to Modernize Indiana SUV Plant, Adds 400 Jobs 00:10Russian Programmer to Be Detained Until Spain Court Decides on Extradition to US 00:05NASA Probe Takes Close-Up Photos of Saturn Moon Within Ring 23:59TransCanada Reapplies to Build Keystone XL PipelineAll news India Seeks Russian Help to Modernize its Ageing Railways 10488 Bullfighting Ban in India Lifted After Widespread Protests, Clashes With Police 10476 USS George H. W. Bush Deploys to Middle East After Month-Long Carrier Gap 10195 Russia Receives Daesh Coordinates in Al-Bab From US 9262 Ivanka Trump Fights Her Fear of Flying With Russian App 7876All news Secret Service Investigating Madonna Over ‘Blowing up the White House’ Comment 35 Obama’s Classmate Leads Lawsuit Against Trump on Day One 35 Trump Drops By CIA to Say He's Got Their Back, Then Mostly Complains About Media 35 Netanyahu Says to Discuss Iranian 'Threat' With Trump in Telephone Conversation 33 'Triangular Diplomacy': What's Really Behind Kissinger's Turn Toward Russia 30All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Aleppo in Ruins: Destroyed Monuments of Ravaged City Error 404 Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple sues chipmaker Qualcomm for abusing monopoly News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple sues chipmaker Qualcomm for abusing monopoly Apple on Friday sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Posted 21 Jan 2017 08:16 In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by Qualcomm's "illegal scheme". (AFP/Ethan Miller) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAN FRANCISCO: Apple on Friday (Jan 20) sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." Apple also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for the iPhone maker's cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in an email statement. "To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly US$1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." The suit charges Qualcomm of building a business model on using its rights to older, legacy technology considered telecommunication industry standards to raise royalties when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," Apple said. ANTITRUST WOES Apple noted in the suit that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in an array of countries for selling its smartphone chipsets only to makers agreeing to its "preferred license terms" for essential mobile telecom patents. Apple asked for a jury trial, and for damages including Qualcomm paying the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties it has raked in. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. The Apple filing came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed suit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine exceeding US$850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chipsets used in mobile phones. ROOM FOR RIVALS Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. Apple undoubtedly knows of the antitrust tide rising against Qualcomm and would like to help provide room for rival chipmakers to flourish, perhaps letting Intel improve its position, according to analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insight and Strategies. "I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm," Moorhead said, referring to the mobile device modems. "Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this." While the legal case alleges exclusionary contracts and the idea of being overcharged for licensing, it may well be powered by Apple wanting to ramp up competition to Qualcomm so it can negotiate better deals, the analyst said. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Weather 79° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Apple files $1B suit against supplier Qualcomm Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY , KHOU 6:29 PM. CST January 20, 2017 NEW YORK, NY - JUNE 17: The Apple logo is displayed at the Apple Store June 17, 2015 on Fifth Avenue in New York City.    (Photo: Eric Thayer, 2015 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SAN FRANCISCO — Apple is suing supplier Qualcomm for $1 billion, accusing the company of overcharging for its wireless chips and engaging in monopolistic tactics. The lawsuit filed Friday in San Diego federal court follows a complaint earlier this week by the Federal Trade Commission that Qualcomm used its dominant position to force "onerous and anticompetitive" terms on mobile phone makers such as Apple and Samsung, which together accounted for 40% of Qualcomm's $32.5 billion in revenue in the most recent fiscal year. Qualcomm said earlier this week it would "vigorously contest"  the FTC complaint. Qualcomm could not be reached for comment on Apple's lawsuit. In its lawsuit, Apple claims Qualcomm overcharged for its chips and then refused to pay $1 billion in rebates in retaliation for Apple cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators probing Qualcomm. Those regulators fined Qualcomm more than $800 million for what they alleged were unfair practices in patent licensing. Qualcomm is appealing the decision. Apple also challenged the validity of some Qualcomm patents for wireless technologies. If the patents are upheld, Apple asked the court to reduce the royalty amounts. "Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties," Apple said in a statement. According to the Apple complaint, it must pay Qualcomm a percentage of the average selling price of an iPhone to use Qualcomm patents and to exclusively use Qualcomm chips in iPhones. Under the agreement, Apple received quarterly rebates from Qualcomm but Apple says Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators. Qualcomm shares (QCOM) ended 2.4% lower Friday, adding to losses that followed the FTC complaint. Apple shares (AAPL) ended 0.2% higher. USA Today CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Spring principal under fire for Facebook post HCSO: One dead in drive-by shooting in Spring Woodlands dog saves woman from attacker Deputy crashes on I-45 N. Food trucks at Super Bowl events could be game changer Single father gunned down at home J.J. Watt's new sneakers on sale now Search for missing 10-year-old girl Health care provider wanted in beating Deputies find 3 deceased, 2 critically injured inside Brazoria County home More Stories Mayor asks state for $46M to help with flood relief… Jan 24, 2017, 12:34 p.m. Care provider hit elderly woman for feeding dog… Jan 24, 2017, 10:30 a.m. Man killed during meetup for online transaction in Spring Jan 23, 2017, 9:52 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Login Capital Press Marketplace Menu Login Register Subscribe Change of Address Delivery Issues e-Edition Email Updates Newsstand Returns Renew Your Subscription Subscribe Today Try Before You Buy Where to Buy e-Editions Capital Press FAQs Classifieds Browse Ads Place an Ad Employment Real Estate Auction Calendar Livestock Auctions The West's AG Weekly Since 1928 • Menu Classifieds Browse Ads Place an Ad Employment Real Estate Auction Calendar Livestock Auctions Info Advertising How To Advertise Press Releases Tearsheets Apps & Blogs Android App Apple App Blogs & Podcasts Facebook Google+ RSS Feeds Twitter YouTube Contact Us FAQs Feedback Newspaper In Education Photo Store Staff Directory Submit Ag News Come Work With Us State California Idaho Montana Nevada Oregon Washington Nation & World Ag Stocks AP Wire Business Markets Nation Profit Center Ag Sectors Livestock Dairy Energy FFA Horses Nursery Orchards, Nuts & Vines Organic Outdoors Research Center Rural Life Timber Water Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Special Sections Ag Education Ag Financial Services Dairy Farm & Ranch Safety Livestock & Horses Northwest Ag Show Nursery Orchards, Nuts & Vines Seed & Row Crop Special Sections e-Edition Spokane Ag Expo Viticulture Water Western Innovators Willamette Valley Ag Expo Winter Services & Supplies World Ag Expo 1-800-882-6789 Search sponsored by Cascade Hardwood Platforms better than conveyors, expert says A tree fruit researcher has compared how fast pickers can work using various types of technology, including platforms and conveyors. Dan Wheat Capital Press Published on January 20, 2017 4:18PM Dan Wheat/Capital Press A crew picks apples from a Bandit Xpress in a Stemilt AgServices orchard near Quincy, Wash., on Oct. 10. This simple platform does a better job than some higher-tech machines, its maker says. Buy this photo WENATCHEE, Wash. — Harvest-assist platforms are faster than conveyor systems for pickers who work quickly, a tree fruit specialist says. Conveyor systems work well in Europe and Australia where pickers are slower, half the speed of typical Washington pickers, Karen Lewis, a Washington State University Extension tree fruit specialist, told Capital Press. She also spoke via Skype at the Northcentral Washington Apple Day in Wenatchee on Jan. 19. Pickers frequently have to adjust conveyor arms to keep them close to their work, and that slows Washington pickers who often pick two to four apples at a time, Lewis said. Harvest-assist platforms, on which apple pickers still pick into bags and dump their bags into bins, optimize their high proficiency, she said. “We are the envy of the world with our predominately Mexican workforce. We pick an apple every two seconds and that’s not just for a short period, but over time. No place picks like that in the world and we have the numbers to back this up,” she said. Abundant Robotics, Hayward, Calif., has been field testing a robotic picker it says has picked one apple per second. It’s aiming to have it ready for commercial use in the fall of 2018. Conveyor systems have not been making new sales in Washington, Lewis said. It may be because they’re not what growers want, she said. Automated Ag Systems of Moses Lake, Wash., has sold 400 to 500 of its Bandit Xpress self-propelled harvest-assist platforms from 2013 through 2016, mostly in the West, owner, J.J. Dagorret, has said. A New York grower, Rod Farrow, has said he’s experienced a 30 percent increase in efficiency using the Bandit Xpress to replace ladders. His pickers still use bags. Lewis said pickers color pick better at night with LED lights on platforms because they can see color better than in the daylight. She also spoke about mechanized pruning and blossom thinning at the educational meeting, which was attended by hundreds of growers and co-sponsored by WSU Extension and the Northcentral Washington Fieldmen’s Association. High-density planting of trees with narrow canopies where all the apples are within arm’s reach is vital to mechanization, she said. Mechanized hedge pruning during winter tree dormancy keeps trees narrow, or sets the box, for fruit production and should be followed up by detailed hand pruning to fine-tune tree architecture and manage bud load, she said. Mechanized pruning ahead of hand pruning is faster than just hand pruning, she said. A second mechanized hedging in early June eliminates excess limbs, foliage and young apples, keeping the canopy small to allow better light for growth of remaining apples. “Fruit, leaves and wood are flying. Fruit is hitting fruit. It’s not something we normally do and it can be pretty scary for the grower but results can be pretty fantastic,” Lewis said. Better light penetration for remaining apples improves their growth and quality, she said. About 3.5 to 4 percent damage of fruit left on trees is manageable for pickers to cull, she said. Very few growers do early June hedge pruning, she said. Mechanical blossom thinning is best done right at bloom. If done too early it knocks off too many spurs of the following year’s crop and if done too late eliminates too much fruit set, she said. Marketplace Auctions Hay Real Estate Tractors Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by Cascade Hardwood Most Read Comments Trending Public lands transfer backers seek convention of states to amend Constitution ( 8062 ) WDFW hoped shooting 5 wolves would stop attacks ( 6739 ) Oregon awards first juniper removal loan ( 5933 ) Research helps better understand grazing near streams ( 2806 ) Idaho ag dean is pushing aggressive plan for college ( 2577 ) ‘Right to farm’ law among targets in Oregon Legislature ( 2244 ) First GMO apple slices to go on sale in Midwest ( 189030 ) It’s time to free the Hammonds ( 32309 ) GMO vegetable oil lawsuit to proceed ( 31103 ) Researchers track cows to determine riparian area impact ( 19621 ) Environmentalists win $60,000 for blocking motorized juniper removal ( 14666 ) Ranchers dread effects of Cascade-Siskiyou monument expansion ( 11442 ) State California Idaho Montana Nevada Oregon Washington Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Ag Sectors Dairy Energy FFA Horses Livestock Orchards Organic Outdoors Timber Water Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education © 2017 Capital Press Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Revives Keystone Oil Pipeline That Obama Blocked By PETER BAKER and CORAL DAVENPORT 2:05 PM ET President Trump continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project that stirred years of debate over the balance between energy production and preventing climate change. Barack Obama rejected the proposed 1,179-mile pipeline in 2015, arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the reliance on carbon energy. A Harsh Critic of the F.B.I., Trump Asks Its Director to Stay By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and ADAM GOLDMAN President Trump has decided to retain James B. Comey as head of the agency, Mr. Comey told his top agents, sparing the president another potentially bruising confirmation battle. Debt Is Projected to Increase by Nearly $10 Trillion by 2027 By ALAN RAPPEPORT 1:43 PM ET Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending. Trump’s 2 Supreme Court Choices Are a Study in Contrasts By ADAM LIPTAK 2:19 PM ET The leading contenders, Judge William Pryor Jr. and Judge Neil Gorsuch, are both conservatives but a study in contrasts. Trump Repeats an Election Lie to Top Lawmakers By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN In his first official meeting with congressional leaders, Mr. Trump again falsely claimed that illegal immigrants had cost him the popular vote.  Comments News Analysis Uncertainty and Risk as Trump Throws Out China Playbook By JANE PERLEZ and CHRIS BUCKLEY 3:31 PM ET As he tosses aside decades of American trade policy, President Trump could also go his own way on other issues with China, including Taiwan and the South China Sea. MORE IN POLITICS Hearings Briefing: More Ethics Questions for Health Nominee 3:47 PM ET Senate Democrats to Introduce $1 Trillion Infrastructure Plan 4:06 PM ET For C.E.O.s, a New Concern: The Activist in Chief 12:45 PM ET Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States 12:46 PM ET The Daily 360 1:02 A Deadly Tornado’s Destruction William Widmer for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Storm That Roared Through South Sweeps Into Northeast 12:06 PM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Sarah Mullett and John Grant were the first couple to be featured in a New York Times wedding announcement, in the newspaper’s very first issue on September 18, 1851. Credit Christopher Capozziello for The New York Times Committed: 165 Years of New York Times Wedding Announcements The New York Times published its first wedding announcement in the very first issue of the newspaper, on September 18, 1851. This four-week series will take a look at how our wedding reporting has evolved. Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 3:42 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. California Today: What, Exactly, Is in Your Sushi? By MIKE McPHATE Plus, a state of emergency over flooding. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Soups to Make When You’re Sick NYT Cooking Sick Day Soups is a group of recipes collected by the editors of NYT Cooking Yes, There Is a ‘Right’ Way to Fall By KATE MURPHY Paratroopers and stuntmen share their advice: Be like a toddler.  Comments ‘La La Land’ and Diversity in Oscar Nods By BROOKS BARNES Voters gave “La La Land” 14 nominations, a tie for the most in Academy Award history. The academy also moved past two #OscarsSoWhite years by honoring six black actors — a record. 2017 Oscar Ballot: Make Your Picks | Surprises and SnubsNYT Now Nominees React | Where to Stream the Nominated MoviesNYT Now Desperate Conditions in a Serbian Migrant Camp By MEGAN SPECIA Migrants are stuck in freezing conditions behind the central train station in Belgrade, Serbia. From the Magazine What Went Wrong With the European Left? Ask France By JAMES ANGELOS As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the country’s rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.  Comments Israel Approves Large West Bank Settlement Expansion By ISABEL KERSHNER 11:06 AM ET The move, after weeks of international criticism, signals that just days into the Trump administration, Israel feels more free to shake off restrictions. Manhattan Jail Built ‘to Drive People Mad’ Has El Chapo By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN The Metropolitan Correctional Center, which is holding the Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, has been called tougher than Guantánamo by one inmate who experienced both. When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders By STEPHANIE SAUL Some students commit sexual assault more than once, research says. Many question whether colleges are doing enough to prevent these recurring crimes. A District Divided Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Nearby Thrive By KATE TAYLOR Community School District 3, on Manhattan’s West Side, is home to some of the best public elementary schools, but the district is divided by race, income and academic achievement.  Comments More News Three Powers Agree to Enforce Syria Cease-Fire 10:47 AM ET An Added Hurdle to ‘Brexit’: Approval by Parliament 3:48 PM ET In Its Third Month, Modi’s Cash Ban Begins to Bite India Afghan Vice President’s Guards Sought in Torture Case A Plane of Riches Trails Gambia’s Departing Leader California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pioneering Woman of Science Re-Emerges Maria Sibylla Merian captivated Europeans with her studies of insects. Now, 300 years later, her findings are being celebrated again. Children’s Book Awards Highlight Race The American Library Association’s annual prizes include a record four awards for Rep. John Lewis. Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Tom Colicchio’s new restaurant in a restored 1883 hotel aims for the opulence of a bygone era, but it sometimes loses focus. The Opinion Pages Skip the Press Briefings, and Focus on the Leaks By JOHN A. FARRELL 3:13 PM ET Washington under a Trump presidency will be a sieve of information. Calling all Deep Throats. Editorial: Trump’s Big-Money Establishment Bruni: Insulting His Son Will Only Help Trump 1:31 PM ET President Trump Is in the Building The Shocking Affront of Trump’s C.I.A. Stunt By YAEL EISENSTAT 3:13 PM ET My friend Gregg Wenzel did not make the ultimate sacrifice so this president could have a self-aggrandizing photo op. Brooks: After the March Cohen: The Banal Belligerence of Trump Leonhardt: Our Anti-Parent Workplace User Subscriptions A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Times Insider » A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine How Alexa Fits Into Amazon’s Prime Directive Opinion The C.D.C.’s Troubling New Power Science Gene-Modified Ants Hint at Societal Evolution Multimedia/Photos Building Bridges Between Turkey and Armenia Opinion At Quang Nam, a Raid and a Reckoning Pro Football Can We Get a Close Super Bowl? Please? Book Review ‘Patriots’ Charts a Family’s Reverse Journey Opinion Why BuzzFeed News Published the Dossier N.Y. / Region Photographing the Bike Life T Magazine Top 10 Moments From the Men’s Fashion Shows Opinion Letters: A Day of Protest Readers discuss the Women’s March and the president’s reaction. Books Walk Softly, and Don’t Leave the Shampoo Out Sections World » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Emboldened by Trump, Israel Approves Defiant Wave of West Bank Settlement Expansion Preparing to Meet Trump, Mexican Leader Seeks Common Ground Business Day » News Analysis: Trump Injects High Risk Into Relations With China Square Feet: The Super Bowl Returns to a Transformed Houston Nasdaq Approaches New High as Stocks Gain in Afternoon Trade Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Ditching T.P.P. Won’t Solve the Trade Deficit Editorial: President Trump’s Big-Money Establishment David Brooks: After the Women’s March U.S. » Barely Two R’s Are Taught at School That Led Tribe to Sue U.S. Supreme Court Won’t Hear Appeal From Texas on Voter ID Case Call to Create Jobs, or Else, Tests Trump’s Sway Technology » The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Alibaba’s Profile Is Global, but Its Fate Is Tied to China Snapchat Discover Takes a Hard Line on Misleading and Explicit Images Arts » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors 2017 Oscar Ballot Oscar 2017 Nominees React Politics » Trump’s Supreme Court Choices Come Into Focus Trump Revives Keystone Pipeline Rejected by Obama Federal Debt Projected to Grow by Nearly $10 Trillion Over Next Decade Fashion & Style » COMMITTED Styles Q. and A.: Tiffany Trump Looked West for Her Inauguration Dress Boîte: Ladyfag Hosts a New Party in Brooklyn Movies » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors Oscar Snubs and Surprises 2017 Oscar Ballot New York » A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive Manhattan Jail That Holds El Chapo Is Called Tougher Than Guantánamo Bay New York City to Pay Up to $75 Million Over Dismissed Summonses Sports » What’s Wrong With the Golden State Warriors? Warped Expectations Roger Federer Will Face Stan Wawrinka in Australian Open Semifinal On Tennis: CoCo Vandeweghe Tames Her Emotions and Elevates Her Game Theater » Review: ‘Tell Hector I Miss Him’ Sketches Love and Addiction in Puerto Rico Poster Perfect: The Art of James McMullan Oscar Nomination Puts Lin-Manuel Miranda One Step Closer to an EGOT Science » Basics: Gene-Modified Ants Shed Light on How Societies Are Organized Trilobites: A Pioneering Woman of Science Re‑Emerges After 300 Years Trilobites: Ancient Bits of Rock Help Solve an Asteroid Mystery Obituaries » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Charlie Liteky, 85, Dies; Returned Medal of Honor in Protest Michael H. Goldberg, 73, Lawyer Who Bridged A.B.A. and N.B.A., Dies Television » Critic's Notebook: For Trump, Everything Is a Rating Now That Trump Is President, How Will TV Respond? ‘The New Edition Story’ Is a Loving Tribute to a Talented but Tormented Group Health » Are New Drugs for Hepatitis C Safe? A Report Raises Concerns 7 Young People on Their Views of Gender The Right Way to Fall Travel » Pursuits: In Michigan, a Fight Over the Future of a Fabled Trout River The Getaway: Head Trip: Meditation Apps for Travelers Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life Books » Books of The Times: He Doesn’t Like It When You Leave Your Shampoo Out ‘The Evenings,’ a Dutch Classic, Arrives in English. It Only Took 70 Years. Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Education » In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis Nominee Betsy DeVos’s Knowledge of Education Basics Is Open to Criticism Lois Dickson Rice, Trailblazing Executive Behind Pell Grants, Dies at 83 Food » Restaurant Review: Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Charred, Browned, Blackened: The Dark Lure of Burned Food A Second Act for Pujol, Mexico’s World-Class Restaurant Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $750,000 The History Hidden in the Walls Calculator: The Beginning of a Buyer’s Market in Manhattan? The Upshot » The 2016 Race: Trump’s Claim of Millions of Illegal Votes? There’s Simply No Evidence The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Demographic Shift: Peak Millennial? Cities Can’t Assume a Continued Boost From the Young Magazine » Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? First Words: Calling Yourself ‘Humbled’ Doesn’t Sound as Humble as It Used To Notebook: Who Didn’t Go to the Women’s March Matters More Than Who Did Automobiles » Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States Driven: The BMW X4 M40i Is Fast, if Not Practical Wheels: A Whiff of a New-Car Smell, Just a Page Flip Away T Magazine » 48 Hours With Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri The Enduring Allure of Isabelle Huppert The Auteurs Changing Cinema Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Real Estate » Renters Found: Roommate With a Completely Different Schedule By KIM VELSEY A New York City teaching fellow rented out her bedroom and moved into the living room to help make the rent. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 How-to: Share photos, videos & songs with Apple Music Connect & manage your artist profile Jordan Kahn - Jan. 20th 2017 2:00 pm PT @JordanKahn Apple Music Logic Pro X Logic Pros View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Music Connect, which allows artists to share photos, videos and songs with their fans on Apple Music, has changed a bit since the introduction of iOS 10 back in September. The content artists upload now appears in different locations within the newly updated Apple Music app on iOS 10 for listeners. It remains, however, a powerful tool for sharing new music and videos, clips of upcoming releases, and everything else beyond your main releases on Apple Music, iTunes and the other streaming services.  The user interface for uploading has changed slightly, and Apple has introduced new tools for Connect since it first launched that allows users to create and share an embedded web player and more. You’ll also be able to attach music videos to your albums on Apple Music using Connect. Here’s how it works: **If your music isn’t already on Apple Music, you can learn how to do so here. If your music IS already on Apple Music, you’ll also have to claim your Connect profile if you haven’t already done so before you can post to Connect. Where do Connect posts appear? How to upload to Connect from iPhone/iPad How to upload to Connect from Mac Create an embeddable web player or badge for Connect posts How to delete Connect posts Add or update your Apple Music artist profile page Contact Apple for support with Apple Music (For artists) Where do Connect posts appear? The content you share will appear in two places: For You: Connect posts will appear in a feed on the ‘For You’ tab in the Apple Music app on iOS devices or under For You>Connect in iTunes. Artist pages: Content you post to Connect will also appear in a section under your albums and songs on your artist profile page. (You can also attach videos you upload to an album or song you have on Apple Music when uploading.) How to upload from iPhone | From the Apple Music iOS app: From the ‘For You’ tab in the Apple Music app, tap the compose icon in the upper right next to your profile photo. From there you can type text and insert links, and connect to any Facebook and Twtitter account you might want to automatically share the post to. Tap the + icon in the bottom left corner of the compose window to add a song or video to the post before publishing: Select Upload Photo or Video or Upload Song to add content to your post. You can also attach the video to an album or song you have on Apple Music when uploading. And you’ll get options to trim a video before posting if you wish. Share from your library. Tapping the “…” icon next to any album or song on Apple Music (including your own), will give you an option to “Post to Connect”.  From GarageBand on iOS: From the main projects screen in GarageBand for iPhone or iPad, you can upload a song directly to Connect. Tap Select in the upper right corner Select the project/song you want to share from your projects and tap the share icon in the upper left corner Tap the Apple Music icon from the share menu (You might have to scroll over to find it) Fill out your song art and details and click Done to upload to connect How to upload from Mac | From iTunes on Mac: You can also post to Connect from a Mac from within Apple Music in iTunes. Navigate to Music>For You Click the compose icon in the upper right-hand corner next to your profile (you’ll have to be signed in to your Apple ID associated with your Connect profile). From there you’ll get the same upload screen as on iOS, allowing you to write a message, drag and drop or click the + to upload photos and videos, and options to link Twitter and Facebook accounts to automatically share the post to your social media accounts. From Logic Pro or GarageBand on Mac: You can upload directly to Apple Music Connect from Logic Pro on Mac or Garageband on both iOS and Mac. In Logic Pro X, navigate to File>Share>Song to Apple Music Connect… (For GarageBand, Share>Song to Apple Music Connect..,) Fill out your song details in the Apple Music upload screen that appears Create an embeddable web player or badge| You can embed a Connect post or album from Apple Music on your website or elsewhere on the web by creating an embeddable web player with Apple Music Marketing Tools. Navigate to Apple’s Music Marketing Tools website. Use the dropdown menu to select “Connect” or other category and search for your artist or song name.  From there Apple will give you options to copy code for a web player or alternatively a “Listen on Apple Music” badge that you can embed on your website (as pictured above). I’ve embedded a web player I made of a Connect post for my EP below:    How to Delete Apple Music Connect posts | Tap the “…” icon next to a Connect post from within the Apple Music iOS app or in Apple Music from iTunes on the desktop and select “Delete”. Make sure you’re signed into the account associated with the artist that posted the content. Where do Connect posts appear? Add or update your Apple Music artist profile page/image You can change your artist profile image from within the Apple Music app on iOS and within iTunes on Mac by tapping the circular profile image icon in the upper right (pictured above). Adding or updating a profile banner image and bio that appears on your Apple Music artist page isn’t easy for indie artists. It isn’t possible currently for those using aggregators rather than distributing through a record label that works directly with Apple. Apple Music and iTunes do pull bio info from AllMusic, however, so you can start by submitting there.  You can contact Apple for support with Apple Music Connect (For artists): artistconnecthelp@apple.com It’s 2017 and Logic Pros is back! We’re continuing down the ever-expanding rabbit hole of music creation on Mac and iOS this year with product reviews, tutorials, tips/tricks for Logic users, and much more. That includes a weekly installment, and an upcoming Logic Pro X 101 guide for beginners. Check out the archives. Guides Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide Logic Pro X Apple's professional audio production suite for Macs View THe Guide Logic Pros Logic Pros is a weekly installment on 9to5Mac exploring music creation on Mac and iOS devices. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Dying from cancer: Could your location determine your fate? Syria talks close with pledge to safeguard truce Death toll from Italy avalanche climbs to 17 as hopes diminish Banned from boats in Myanmar, Rohingya fish on rafts of junk News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Germany, Iran, Scandinavia, Australia get foreign Oscar nods Amid criticism, Comey remaining as FBI director under Trump Oscars toast Gibson, not Bening, Adams, and more surprises Man arrested in hit-and-run death of Cleveland patrolman Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Giants sign backup catcher; does Posey’s role change? 49ers won’t raise season-ticket prices for next two seasons Source: 49ers will meet with GM candidates Saturday in Atlanta Venus Williams advances to 21st Grand Slam semifinal Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs The 25 best jobs in America for 2017 Business News Roundup, Jan. 24 Judge blocks Aetna’s $37 billion deal for Humana Yahoo-Verizon deal gets pushed back; SEC investigates Yahoo A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Community relaxation through sound and music The latest from Dear Abby ‘La La Land’ snags 14 Oscar noms; ‘Moonlight, ‘Fences’ Lessons in storytelling with Ira Glass Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Curry Up Now sets opening date for Oakland outpost Oakland’s alaMar Kitchen reopens with new service format Cajun-inspired Alba Ray’s opens today in the Mission 2017 Good Food Award winners announced Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Clean, crisp contemporary awaits in Fairfax What does rent control do to the SF market? Here’s a peek Under 500K: S.F. real estate that’s small on price, big on Hot Property: Postcard vistas await in bespoke Nob Hill townhome Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-sues-Qualcomm-over-patent-royalties-in-10872802.php Apple sues Qualcomm over patent royalties in antitrust case By Susan Decker, Alex Webb and Ian King Updated 12:52 pm, Saturday, January 21, 2017 Apple has sued Qualcomm, accusing it of monopolizing the market for chips for wireless devices and withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with South Korean antitrust authorities. Apple wants Qualcomm to hand over money that was supposed to be a rebate for licensing fees. Qualcomm is holding back the money to punish Apple for cooperating with Korean antitrust regulators, according to the complaint filed in San Diego, where Qualcomm is headquartered. The Cupertino company also wants back some of the billions of dollars it claims it was overcharged in “Qualcomm’s illegal scheme” to control the market for mobile phone chips. It wants a court to change how Qualcomm charges for its technology in the future. Qualcomm, the largest maker of mobile phone chips, has been under fire by regulators around the world for its patent licensing practices. The lawsuit filed Friday is the first direct challenge by one of its biggest customers and threatens to upend how royalties are calculated by any owner of a patent on technology that underlies modern electronics. Apple is facing pressure to squeeze more profit out of every iPhone after revenue declined last year for the first time since 2001, dragged down by lower handset sales. It typically sources the same component from several suppliers, which helps secure lower prices by forcing the manufacturers to compete on price. “It is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless,” Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. “Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented.” Qualcomm also accused Apple of encouraging regulators to attack Qualcomm in “various jurisdictions around the world,” by “misrepresenting facts and withholding information.” “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties,” Apple said. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” The complaint also challenges the validity of some key Qualcomm patents. Apple asks the court to rule that, if the patents are upheld, that the royalty amount is significantly lower than what Qualcomm charges now. In December, South Korea, home to two of Qualcomm’s largest customers, fined the company $890 million and described its practices as monopolistic. Qualcomm has said it will appeal. Under the agreement with Qualcomm, Apple said it was forced to refrain from taking any steps to challenge Qualcomm’s business model. Apple complied with demands from Korean regulators, an action Qualcomm claimed was in violation of the agreement. In retaliation, Qualcomm withheld money that it was due to pay Apple in royalty rebates, the iPhone maker said. Qualcomm offered to pay the money “if Apple retracted and corrected its statements to government agencies,” according to the complaint. South Korean regulators aren’t the only authorities investigating Qualcomm. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on Tuesday filed its own antitrust suit against Qualcomm. The chipmaker is also being investigated by the European Union and Taiwanese authorities. At the heart of the dispute between Apple and Qualcomm is a push by phone makers with the support of regulators to reduce the patent royalties Qualcomm charges. Qualcomm gets the bulk of its revenue from selling chips, but more than half of its profit from its licensing business. Its patents cover the fundamentals of cellular technology, allowing it to rake in billions in licensing fees. In other words, the chipmaker gets paid regardless of whether its chips are used in mobile phones. Susan Decker, Alex Webb and Ian King are Bloomberg writers. Email: sdecker1@bloomberg.net, awebb25@bloomberg.net, ianking@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows worker killed doing avalanche control PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK White House repeats Trump's false voter-fraud claim Trump issues gag order to Dept. of Agriculture, EPA Gov. Jerry Brown takes on Trump administration Trump tweets photo of inauguration crowd Trump trims Supreme Court nominee list to 3 Trump signs orders advancing pipelines LATEST NEWS Giants sign backup catcher; does Posey’s role change? $20M found hidden in box spring under mattress Man injured in shooting along Panhandle Freefalling 49ers won’t raise season-ticket prices for 2 years Cards Against Humanity seeks CEO, preferably Obama Nearly 1 in 3 Californians supports peaceful secession Man whose drug sentence commuted by Obama is slain Lawyers: Deadly fire didn’t start in Ghost Ship warehouse California retirees might want to move to one of these states Will legal marijuana give home prices a new high? Top cities (and jobs) for Americans to work abroad These are the countries expats are flocking to Hitler's right hand man once lived in a Pacific Heights Mansion SF Octagon houses — home to 3 spinsters and a ghostly past Behind the scenes of the Trumps' first days as the first family Trump hotel starts 'inaugural tradition' amid ethics concern SF school board to repeal old rule segregating Asian students California schools may face cuts amid pension costs TODAY'S TOP PICKS Last of the January storms brings rainbows to Bay Area LaSalle: ‘La La Land’ snags 14 Oscar noms; others score big Time for a career change? Here are the best jobs to have in 2017 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Pay just $10 for this massive Arduino e-book collection to... JUST $24: SelectTV lets you cut the cord with thousands of... Most Popular 1 The Latest: Spicer cites 'studies' to back Trump voter claim 2 Police: Man whose drug sentence commuted by Obama is slain 3 US sent $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 4 These San Francisco restaurants failed health inspections... 5 The CEO of Dippin' Dots just responded to 5 years of angry... 6 Zaza Pachulia says hard foul on Russell Westbrook was... 7 Nazi Consulate once called the Whittier Mansion in San... 8 Lawyers: Deadly Oakland fire didn’t start in Ghost Ship... 9 Salmon is about to get a lot more expensive 10 White House doubles down on Trump's voter fraud claim THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Apple sues Qualcomm for nearly $1 billion by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman January 20, 2017: 5:43 PM ET The original iPhone almost looked like this The world's largest company is suing one of its suppliers for effectively holding it hostage. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) filed a lawsuit Friday against Qualcomm (QCOM, Tech30), accusing it of charging "excessive royalties" and withholding payments in retaliation for Apple cooperating with South Korean regulators that are investigating the chip supplier. Qualcomm, which provides crucial chips used in the iPhone, allegedly charges Apple an unfair amount to to license its cellular patents, according to the lawsuit. Apple is also seeking nearly $1 billion in rebate payments, which it claims have been wrongfully withheld. The previously agreed upon rebates were conditional on Apple putting Qualcomm chips in its products and not pushing litigation that accused the chip maker of unfair licensing practices. "To protect this business scheme, Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them," Apple said in a statement about the lawsuit provided to CNNTech. Related: Apple AirPods review: Do they actually stay in your ears? Regulators in South Korea fined Qualcomm roughly $850 million last month for forcing phone manufacturers into unfair patent licensing agreements in order to get its modem chips. Apple's lawsuit comes the same week as the Federal Trade Commission filed an antitrust complaint against Qualcomm for using its position in the market to push "onerous and anti-competitive supply and licensing terms" on cellphone companies. Qualcomm "maintains a 'no license, no chips' policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cellphone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm's preferred license terms," according to the FTC complaint. Reps for Qualcomm did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Qualcomm's stock closed down more than 2% Friday following the lawsuit. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 20, 2017: 5:43 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Citi mortgage units fined $28.8 million First low-cost Asian airline cleared for flights to the U.S. China's first freight train to the U.K. arrives in London Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms – CNET Posted on January 20, 2017 by CNET Apple latest lawsuit target? Qualcomm. The iPhone maker on Friday filed suit against Qualcomm, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn’t give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating … Apple sues Qualcomm for withholding $1 billion ‘as retaliation’The Verge Apple sues iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm, claims $1 billion in payments withheld over FTC probeAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1 Billion, Alleging ExtortionForbes Mac Rumors -Business Insider -Ars Technica -PCWorld all 87 news articles …read more wrote 25434 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Pokémon Duel is a slick digital board game for your phone – The Verge Apple’s iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, ‘Find My AirPods’ – CNET Apple just revealed a big way Siri is going to take on Amazon Alexa – Business Insider The Huawei Watch 2 is reportedly coming next month – The Verge Google releases final Android Wear 2.0 preview before launch next month – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Trending: Which mobile data provider is best? Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Want to run your own Amazon 'region'? Stratoscale shows you how Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The essential guide to anti-malware tools The state of the IT contractor job market in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Smartphones News Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments The lawsuit follows actions by antitrust regulators in South Korea and the U.S. By Martyn Williams | Follow Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 20, 2017 2:46 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Martyn Williams More like this FTC hits Qualcomm for anticompetitive chip tactics South Korea slaps Qualcomm with $853M fine Qualcomm awakens and hopes to crush Intel at its own game Video Video review: Apple's new AirPods A nasty spat between Apple and Qualcomm broke into public view on Friday when the smartphone maker accused the chip supplier of charging "exorbitant" licensing fees for its cellular technology. Apple is asking a federal district court in Southern California to order Qualcomm to pay it nearly $1 billion that it says Qualcomm is holding back. Apple says it is owed the money, but Qualcomm is holding it back because Apple cooperated with a South Korean government investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices. The lawsuit alleges that Qualcomm charges high licensing fees to the companies that make iPhones for Apple. Those companies pass the fees on to Apple but aren't allowed to show Apple the specifics of the licensing deals, leaving Apple unsure what it is paying for. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." The lawsuit comes just months after Apple began using Intel radio chips in some units of the iPhone 7. It also follows two recent legal actions by antitrust regulators against Qualcomm's licensing practices. In December, antitrust regulators in South Korea fined Qualcomm $854 million for unfair licensing practices. Qualcomm said it would appeal the decision. Then, earlier this week, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission followed with allegations that Qualcomm had engaged in anticompetitive practices by forcing some phone makers into accepting unfavorable licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity. Apple cooperated with the South Korean investigation. It alleged on Friday that Qualcomm withheld nearly $1 billion in rebates as punishment for that. In response to the FTC's lawsuit earlier this week, Qualcomm denied the charges and said the FTC's lawsuit is "significantly flawed." "Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," it said in a statement. "The FTC’s allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong." It has not commented on Apple's lawsuit. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Smartphones Personal Technology IT Industry Technology Law & Regulation Martyn Williams covers general technology news for the IDG News Service and is based in San Francisco. He was previously based in Tokyo. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Benefits of As-a-Service Models for Branch Infrastructure Spot and Correct Failures Fast: Using Hadoop in the Cloud - an IBM Webinar 2016 Veeam Availability Report. Can You Afford The $16M Loss? 2016 Veeam Availability Report. Can You Afford The $16M Loss? Achieving Cost Predictability in Enterprise IT Operations Go Top Stories Court denies U.S. government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case A U.S. appeals court will not reconsider its groundbreaking decision denying Department of Justice... 30 tasty tips for Android Nougat Take full advantage of your phone's latest features with this collection of 30 tips for Android Nougat... Why Apple will make smart glasses Instead of making unfashionable smart glasses, Apple will make fashionable glasses smart. Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance A viral ad from Amazon has gotten a lot of attention, but it’s even better that several companies are... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Underfunded and run down, Colorado Springs parks won't get chance to ask for sales tax revenue Two teen girls escape attempted abduction in Colorado Springs, police searching for suspects Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Paul Klee: The fear was real for Rockies pitcher Chad Bettis, now cancer free Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs medical manufacturer Relius certified as a women's business enterprise New Colorado Amazon center to bring jobs, faster delivery Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight The Country Life: A colorful collection of critters in Falcon author's 'Barn Dance' Off Tennessee Pass near Leadville, a Colorado escape with dinner and yurts awaits Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Red Rocks announces 2017 concert schedule TV Review - 'Riverdale' a darker look at Archie comic characters Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Colorado Springs celebrates National School Choice Week Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Life: Travel Frontier's return triggers biggest passenger gains in 20 years at Colorado Springs Airport Tue, Jan 24, 2017 - 2:03 PM 0 Frontier Airlines' return to Colorado Springs helped bring passengers back to the local airport in a big way last year - the number leaving on departing... With fire code, tardy fans can be left in the cold at big-time Colorado Springs basketball games Tue, Jan 24, 2017 - 12:05 PM 0 Fans of Sierra and Sand Creek recently found out the hard way that simply showing up for a game doesn't necessarily translate into admission. Actually, that's the fire... Rockies' Winter Caravan stops today in Colorado Springs News: Local News Affordable housing complex in Colorado Springs met with resistance Tue, Jan 24, 2017 - 11:10 AM 0 A groundswell of opposition emerged this week against a planned affordable housing complex in the Broadmoor Bluffs neighborhood, amid concerns it could... Trump administration orders EPA contract freeze and media blackout Tue, Jan 24, 2017 - 2:07 PM 0 WASHINGTON — The Trump administration has instituted what it described as a temporary media... Meetings on I-25 widening north of Colorado Springs begin today Tue, Jan 24, 2017 - 6:33 AM 0 The public will have a chance to learn about the planned widening of Interstate 25 north of... Latest Local Colorado bill that allows training for school teachers to carry guns passes first test By: joey bunch ColoradoPolitics.com - Tue, Jan 24, 2017 Freezing fog advisory could slow traffic up to Denver By: Chhun Sun - 40 min ago Penrose woman could face 64 counts of animal cruelty after horse seizure By: Ellie Mulder - 48 min ago Colorado Springs City Council voting on ordinance to ban people from medians By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 1 hr ago Under proposed Colorado law, no good health requirement for Uber drivers By: Joey Bunch - 1 hr ago Bill in legislature would OK PTSD for medical marijuana treatment By: Peter Marcus - 1 hr ago Colorado Springs City Hall hosts school choice rally Tuesday morning By: Debbie Kelley - 1 hr ago Top Stories Peyton Manning will speak at Republican retreat featuring President Trump, according to report By: Cindy Boren, The Washington Post - 30 min ago Satellite signals a leap in weather tech By: Harrison Smith, The Washington Post - 1 hr ago Trump signs orders advancing Keystone and Dakota pipelines, says projects must have US-made materials By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 2 hr ago Trump says he'll announce Supreme Court nominee next week By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 2 hr ago Erin Andrews reveals she had surgery for cervical cancer By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' with record-tying 14 nods By: The Associated Press - 5 hr ago Scorecard: Bulk of Trump's "Day One" promises unfulfilled By: JOSH BOAK and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press - 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries National School Choice Week rally Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Colorado Springs Women's March Women's March fills downtown Denver Women's Marches descend on Washington, D.C. and around the world Inauguration of Donald Trump 9 best places for margaritas around Colorado Springs Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT A Look Back Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebrations around Colorado Springs Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 School Award Celebration Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA Funeral A storm to remember in Crested Butte AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball Opening Day of the 2017 Colorado Legislature A look back: Photos from Colorado Springs' history Reader-submitted photos: Colorado Springs wind damage Wind damage in the Colorado Springs area Ice Racing 2017 Golden Globes Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local Tue, Jan 24, 2017 Colorado bill that allows training for school teachers to carry guns passes first test 40 min ago Freezing fog advisory could slow traffic up to Denver 48 min ago Penrose woman could face 64 counts of animal cruelty after horse seizure 1 hr ago Colorado Springs City Council voting on ordinance to ban people from medians 1 hr ago Under proposed Colorado law, no good health requirement for Uber drivers 1 hr ago Bill in legislature would OK PTSD for medical marijuana treatment 1 hr ago Colorado Springs City Hall hosts school choice rally Tuesday morning Most Read Red Rocks announces 2017 concert schedule 'SNL' writer suspended for tweet about Barron Trump Bashing of Trump piñata in Pueblo results in call for museum director's job Trump nominates Air Force Academy graduate for Air Force secretary Two teen girls escape alleged abduction attempt in Colorado Springs, police searching for suspects Colorado's wintry backcountry comes alive in this snowshoe adventure Man who choked suspected Colorado Springs burglar: "It was fight or flight then and I don't fly" Affordable housing complex in Colorado Springs met with resistance Underfunded and run down, Colorado Springs parks won't get chance to ask for sales tax revenue Woody Paige: Broncos can't flunk another offseason Sports 3 hr ago John Elway, Tony Romo photographed together, only adding to QB rumors 4 hr ago Erin Andrews reveals she had surgery for cervical cancer 6 hr ago Paul Klee: The fear was real for Rockies pitcher Chad Bettis, now cancer free 15 hr ago This week's Gazette Preps high school sports rankings 15 hr ago Monday's prep roundup: Doherty hockey rallies, beats Pine Creek in overtime 15 hr ago Marleau scores 4 goals in 3rd, Sharks beat Avalanche 15 hr ago Broncos hire Toub's assistant to coach special teams Business 0 min ago CSX may not be the only rail target for activist investor 5 min ago Judge nixes Nutrisystem bylaw on removing board directors 20 min ago White House doubles down on Trump's voter fraud claim 20 min ago Appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case 1 hr ago Toyota recalls 79,000 pickups; steps in bumper could break 1 hr ago The Latest: Ag agency halts public release of documents 1 hr ago Senate Democrats propose $1 trillion infrastructure plan Opinion 4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Let tourists pay for tourism assets Tue, Jan 24, 2017 LETTERS: Women ruled by their emotions; bully and the lunch money Mon, Jan 23, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: The state of Colorado agriculture Sun, Jan 22, 2017 LETTERS: Egregious commutation decisions; repeal and replace Obamacare Sun, Jan 22, 2017 EDITORIAL: Support School Choice Week to help all kids Sun, Jan 22, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: School choice expands educational freedom and opportunity Sat, Jan 21, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump promises government will serve the governed Around the Web 4 hr ago Erin Andrews reveals she had surgery for cervical cancer 21 hr ago 'SNL' writer suspended for tweet about Barron Trump 22 hr ago WATCH: Cab driver names Elway his top QB, doesn't realize he's driving him Yesterday As marijuana prices plunge, growers scramble to cut their costs Yesterday Indiana state senator under fire for 'fat women' post after Women's March Sun, Jan 22, 2017 Space weather forecasters remain vigilant in 2017 for potentially crippling solar storms Sun, Jan 22, 2017 Scientists will live in a dome for 8 months to simulate Mars Sponsored Content Nature-lovers revel in the beauty, tranquility and luxury accommodations at The Farm, with new phases underway Latest Videos Colorado Springs celebrates National School Choice Week Pikes Peak region forecast Colorado Springs gathering for a Climate Vigil Pikes Peak region forecast Colorado Springs Police survey homeless camps to get true homeless count Point in Time count to help the homeless in Colorado Springs area Damage in Georgia Town Amid Deadly Storms Damage in Georgia Town Amid Deadly Storms Tornado Kills Four in Southern Mississippi Pikes Peak region forecast Women Decry Trump at NYC Protest Thousands jam the streets for the Women's March on Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Erin Andrews reveals she had surgery for cervical cancer4 hr ago Paul Klee: The fear was real for Rockies pitcher Chad Bettis, now cancer free6 hr ago This week's Gazette Preps high school sports rankings15 hr ago Monday's prep roundup: Doherty hockey rallies, beats Pine Creek in overtime15 hr ago Broncos John Elway, Tony Romo photographed together, only adding to QB rumors3 hr ago Broncos hire Toub's assistant to coach special teams15 hr ago Wade Phillips disputes report he caused 'toxic' Broncos locker room20 hr ago WATCH: Cab driver names Elway his top QB, doesn't realize he's driving him22 hr ago Photo Galleries Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball David Ramsey: Top 10 moments in Broncos history Mesa Ridge vs TCA Girls Basketball Vista Ridge 61 - Lewis-Palmer 48 The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Let tourists pay for tourism assets4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Support School Choice Week to help all kidsSun, Jan 22, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump promises government will serve the governedSat, Jan 21, 2017 EDITORIAL: Colorado priest hopes Trump can stop genocide of ChristiansFri, Jan 20, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Women ruled by their emotions; bully and the lunch moneyTue, Jan 24, 2017 LETTERS: Egregious commutation decisions; repeal and replace ObamacareSun, Jan 22, 2017 LETTERS: Open letter to county officials; thankful for power plantsFri, Jan 20, 2017 LETTERS: Release all the test results; an all-powerful agencyThu, Jan 19, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: The state of Colorado agricultureMon, Jan 23, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: School choice expands educational freedom and opportunitySun, Jan 22, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: A chance to improve American educationSat, Jan 21, 2017 Schools alone can't be faulted for ed failureFri, Jan 20, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado bill that allows training for school teachers to carry guns passes first testTue, Jan 24, 2017 Freezing fog advisory could slow traffic up to Denver40 min ago Colorado Springs City Council voting on ordinance to ban people from medians1 hr ago Under proposed Colorado law, no good health requirement for Uber drivers1 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado bill that allows training for school teachers to carry guns passes first testTue, Jan 24, 2017 Colorado Springs City Council voting on ordinance to ban people from medians1 hr ago Under proposed Colorado law, no good health requirement for Uber drivers1 hr ago Bill in legislature would OK PTSD for medical marijuana treatment1 hr ago Local Business New Colorado Amazon center to bring jobs, faster delivery21 hr ago Get a Job Monday: Work at Weisburg Landscape MaintenanceYesterday Utah tribe may revive proposal for casino in ColoradoSun, Jan 22, 2017 Comcast pact calls for higher fees in Colorado SpringsThu, Jan 19, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World With Trump's swearing-in, Israel pushes ahead on settlements8 min ago Polish town that once made tiny Fiats offers Tom Hanks one10 min ago Syria's motley crew of fighters now at negotiating table17 min ago Peyton Manning will speak at Republican retreat featuring President Trump, according to report29 min ago Military Cyberconscripts: Baltic draftees can choose IT over infantry1 hr ago The Latest: Ag agency halts public release of documents1 hr ago Real places that inspired scenes in Oscar-nominated films3 hr ago The Latest: Trump repeats unproven claim of illegal votes18 hr ago Blogs UNLV player reprimanded for 'obscene gesture' toward Air Force crowd19 hr ago Woodland Park RE-2, Rocky Mtn. Classical offer 'choice' open houses6 hr ago Brent Briggeman: Yordano Ventura's death a tragic blow for this Royals fanSun, Jan 22, 2017 Press clippings: Air Force's Jalen Robinette elicits praise at Shrine GameSun, Jan 22, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Penrose woman could face 64 counts of animal cruelty after horse seizure49 min ago Two teen girls escape alleged abduction attempt in Colorado Springs, police searching for suspects5 hr ago Woman stabbed at Colorado Springs motel7 hr ago Man who choked suspected Colorado Springs burglar: "It was fight or flight then and I don't fly"15 hr ago National Crime Mexican drug lord El Chapo lands in New York to face charges Thu, Jan 19, 2017 Police: Fugitive wanted in Florida officer's fatal shooting capturedTue, Jan 17, 2017 Authorities: Trooper was shot by driver he sought to helpTue, Jan 17, 2017 Eight shot, one critical, as thousands celebrate peace on MLK Day at Florida parkMon, Jan 16, 2017 Life Life Colorado mountain man carves niche measuring snow3 hr ago Colorado Springs cardiologist recommends plant-based diet for heart, general good health5 hr ago Colorado's wintry backcountry comes alive in this snowshoe adventure6 hr ago Colorado Springs area pet adoption fairs and events starting Jan. 24, 2017Tue, Jan 24, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Erin Andrews reveals she had surgery for cervical cancer4 hr ago Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' with record-tying 14 nods5 hr ago Oscar snubs: Martin Scorsese and Amy Adams miss out6 hr ago A movie about three black female mathematicians is beating Affleck and Scorsese at the box office7 hr ago Religion Trump sworn in amid protests and a large assortment of clergyFri, Jan 20, 2017 America’s gospel of success leaves no room for failureFri, Jan 20, 2017 Off the Mall, churches strategize, serve on Inauguration DayFri, Jan 20, 2017 In a hijab at the inauguration, Muslim woman says: Here I amFri, Jan 20, 2017 National National Politics Peyton Manning will speak at Republican retreat featuring President Trump, according to report30 min ago Colorado Springs City Council voting on ordinance to ban people from medians1 hr ago Under proposed Colorado law, no good health requirement for Uber drivers1 hr ago Trump signs orders advancing Keystone and Dakota pipelines, says projects must have US-made materials2 hr ago National Business CSX may not be the only rail target for activist investor1 min ago Judge nixes Nutrisystem bylaw on removing board directors7 min ago White House doubles down on Trump's voter fraud claim21 min ago Appeals court denies full hearing in data surveillance case22 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm alleging mobile phone chip monopoly Reuters January 20, 2017 3:47 PM Tags: Apple, monopoly, Qualcomm, Samsung, semiconductors Above: Qualcomm Logo Image Credit: Reuters / Mike Blake Apple filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. “If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused,” Apple said in its lawsuit. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on “reasonable” terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a “no license, no chip” policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm “has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time,” Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (Reporting by Diane Bartz in Washington and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Alan Crosby and Matthew Lewis) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Microsoft's CEO Thinks that Amazon's Alexa is Cortana's biggest Competitor, Not Siri | Main | Poor Samsung Sues Foxconn/Sharp for being dropped as an LCD TV Panel Customer » January 20, 2017 Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion Claiming Unfair Exclusionary Tactics and Charging Excessive Royalties   On Tuesday Patently Apple posted a report titled "The U.S. Fair Trade Commission Sues Qualcomm for Forcing Apple to use its Chips in iDevices." Now that the FTC has filed their case against Qualcomm, Apple has moved forward with a lawsuit of their own againt the chip maker for roughly $1 billion. Apple apparently stated in the lawsuit that Qualcomm was charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with."   Apple says that Qualcomm has taken "radical steps," including "withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them."   Apple added, "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined."   Apple also alleges that once it began cooperating with Korean authorities' antitrust investigation of Qualcomm, the company withheld $1 billion in retaliation. Korean regulators fined Qualcomm $854 million for unfair trade practices in December.   Apple further noted that "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.   Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." For more of Apple's statement read the full CNBC report here.   Reuters adds to this story that Apple "also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a 'no license, no chip' policy. Additionally, and surprisingly, Apple stated that Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets."    Unfortunately in Bloomberg's report they decided to twist reality to suit their own narrative like most of the media twisted Donald Trump's words to fit a negative narrative they invented. Even though the Chinese government stepped in to fight Qualcomm back in 2014 on behalf of Chinese smartphone OEMs for charging excessive royalties and now South Korea's FTC fining Qualcomm for the very same thing, somehow it's viewed by Bloomberg that Apple suing Qualcomm isn't about excessive royalties, but rather "Apple facing pressure to squeeze more profit out of every iPhone after revenue declined last year for the first time since 2001, dragged down by lower handset sales."      Back on earth, it should be noted that in December Apple sued Acacia Research who they believe is working in concert with Nokia. Apple noted in their complaint before the court that part of Nokia's plan is "to extract and extort exorbitant revenues unfairly and anticompetitively from Apple and other innovative suppliers of cell phones."   In this light, it's clear that Apple has declared war on those trying to extort excessive royalties on iPhone sales. A victory for Apple in either or both cases would be a win for all smartphone makers in the future.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 20, 2017 at 04:06 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Releases a Brief Note 7 Investigation Report / Propaganda Video Supply Chain Claims that VR Headsets and HoloLens Component Orders are Disappointing for 2017 Despite Google's Objections, Samsung Confirms the Galaxy S8 will introduce their Viv-Based Digital Assistant Reality Strikes Samsung as Smartphone Sales Drop to Lowest Level since 2011 Apple Granted 35 Patents Today Covering Apple Watch Smart Links, In-Air Gaming Gesturing and Apple Watch Wall Street Punishes Qualcomm after their Number One Client Apple Sues them for Out of Control Royalties & More Softbank's Sprint Acquires a 33% Stake in Music Service 'Tidal' Apple wins Several Watch Band Design Patents in Hong Kong & Trademarks the Name of their new Design Book Xiaomi Ousts Hugo Barra after the Company's Smartphone Market Share Tanked last Quarter Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her 2-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering alone around indoor playground Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip, rub whipped cream on each other and ‘other things’ in a Detroit hotel Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is detrimental to your mind and it's time to resign FAST  How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes every morning  Previous Next Apple sues smartphone chip-maker Qualcomm and claims they were overcharged 'billions' by the monopoly Charges echo those filed by United States antitrust regulators earlier this week Apple claims it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by Qualcomm Qualcomm said Apple mischaracterized agreements and technology's value By Afp Published: 22:00 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 10:57 EST, 21 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 37 View comments Apple has sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chip-maker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties. These charges echo those filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by its chip-making partner's 'illegal scheme.' The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars, but is refusing to pay due to Apple cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the company. In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged 'billions of dollars' by Qualcomm's 'illegal scheme' 'For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with,' Apple said in an email statement. 'To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.' Qualcomm rejected Apple's claims, saying the iPhone maker 'intentionally mischaracterized' agreements as well as the value of the company's technology. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Russia announces it has developed the next generation of... 30-year-old who went from piles of student debt to self-made... Share this article Share 'Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world... by misrepresenting facts and withholding information,' Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. 'We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court.' The suit claims Qualcomm built a business model that charges raised royalty fees every time Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. The suit claims Qualcomm built a business model that charges raised royalty fees when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices The charges say that Qualacomm believes it has the rights to charge these raised royalties by claiming legacy technology. 'Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined,' Apple said.  Apple noted that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in many countries. The company has asked for a jury trial, and for Qualcomm to the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as 'significantly flawed,' arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong The Apple suit came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed in federal court claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its 'unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors.' Baseband processors are are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as 'significantly flawed,' arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine exceeding $850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chip-sets used in mobile phones.  Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. The company knows of the antitrust tide rising against Qualcomm and would like to help provide room for rival chip-makers to flourish, perhaps letting Intel improve its position, according to analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy. 'I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm,' Moorhead said, referring to the mobile device modems. 'Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this.' While the legal case alleges exclusionary contracts and the idea of being overcharged for licensing, it may well be powered by Apple wanting to ramp up competition to Qualcomm so it can negotiate better deals, the analyst said. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (37) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Grandmother 'high on drugs' is arrested after her two-year-old grandson was found covered in feces wandering... Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island has accused his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake,... Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white,... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science SIRI-OUS BUSINESS Samsung S8 rumours suggest phone will ship with voice assistant made by team behind Apple’s Siri If true, Samsung's latest smartphone could knock Apple off the top spot Revealed mmurphy 20th January 2017, 5:12 pm Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SAMSUNG’S next smartphone could knock Apple fan’s socks off if these incredible rumours are true. Rumours suggests the Samsung S8 will come with an incredibly futuristic feature from the team behind Apple’s Siri. Samsung 4 The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 which will not have a headphone jack It’s believed the S8 will ship with a new AI assistant dubbed Bixby, according to Sam Mobile. The virtual assistant was created by Viv Labs, the team that created Siri before it was acquired by Apple. ‘Leaked’ pictures of Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal even more of the upcoming smartphone’s amazing new features. The new Galaxy S8 won’t be announced officially until April, according to sources. YouTube 4 According to the latest leaks, the S8 will do away with its physical home button But an advert for the phone maker’s new Amoled screen technology appeared to show the new device. The wider screen smartphone in the clip is the same size as the s7 but is missing a home button. Samsung files patent for a mobile phone with a foldable SCREEN Samsung 4 The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 which will not have a headphone jack YouTube 4 Rumours are swirling that the Galaxy S8 will have a wider screen for Samsungs new Amoled display YouTube 4 Samsung is rumoured to be moving the phone's integrated fingerprint scanner under the screen itself   The tech giant has followed in the footsteps of rival Apple, confirming to SamMobile that it will replace the jack with a USB Type-C port instead. Apple lovers were fuming when Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 in in 2016 without a headphone jack, instead replacing its classic earphones with £159 wireless AirPods. Despite widespread backlash the phone still sold out, with UK customers desperate to get their hands on one when it was released. The phone - initially believed to be launched in February at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona - will also ditch the signature home button. Most Read in News VICTIM'S FAMILY OUTRAGE Mum brands justice system 'broken' after Allan Carey who killed her son in Saltcoats freed to batter a woman ACE'S DEADLY BUG SCARE Celtic new boy Kouassi Eboue struck down by malaria and rushed to hospital in Glasgow Ewan me outside Piers Morgan's T2 Trainspotting's Ewan McGregor a COWARD over Good Morning Britain snub LOVED ONES' ANGUISH Family of British businessman shot dead in Thailand reveal he was happily married and had become a father for the fourth time 'IT WAS CARNAGE' Two arrested on suspicion of arson after explosion at 'cannabis factory' sparks huge blaze in east London THE DRUG THAT EATS JUNKIES Horrific pics show addicts left with scaly crocodile skin after injecting 'cannibal' drug Krokodil that haunts Russia after sweeping the country and killing more than heroin SNAPPY UNHAPPY Wave goodbye to sexy naked Snapchat selfies as photo app censors sauciness CORE BLIMEY iPhone 8 concept images offer teasing glimpse of what Apple's next smartphone might look like PLANE NASTY Cruel owners leave their dog to FREEZE to death at airport after they were told it couldn't come on the plane JAIL DEATHS SHOCK Two teen inmates die at Polmont Young Offenders Institution within space of two weeks BUM DEAL Have Tesco been caught short by eagle-eyed customers? Shoppers claim Luxury Soft Toilet Tissue is now smaller because of a bigger cardboard middle REALITY LOVE Former Rangers WAG Nicola Mimnagh reveals she's dating Ex on the Beach bad boy Ross Worswick ROD'S HOME GRINS Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers loved Rod Stewart's tipsy Scottish Cup draw antics on TV Who are Ew? Piers Morgan brands Ewan McGregor a hypocrite and slams him for praising child abuser Roman Polanski after T2 star's snub TRAGIC TEEN Schoolgirl, 13, found hanged in woods after saying 'goodbye' to friend during Facebook chat about self-harm SERIAL ABUSER CAGED Sex beast who tied girl, 13, to radiator and raped her is jailed for horrific 20-year campaign of abuse THE GENERALS’ REVOLT Senior US general warns Donald Trump that Russia could attack if he pulls out American troops 'VLAD WILL SMASH BRITAIN IN ONE DAY!' Russians plot to 'turn weak UK into Siberian-style labour camp' BEGGARS BELIEF Trainspotting legend Robert Carlyle snubs interview with wrestling star Grado for calling him Boaby UNHAPPY MEAL McDonald's probably WON'T bring its all-day breakfast menu to the UK It’s claimed that Samsung S8 will replace the home button with a fingerprint scanner under the screen instead, which will work using pressure-sensitive display technology. This means that the phone will be able to distinguish between a light tap and deep press – meaning access to more functions just by pressing down harder. And it might even be able to fold, if a recent Samsung patent is anything to go by. Samsung fans can also reportedly expect an ‘Edge’ style screen and improved camera, as well as a 4K display. It's expected to come in two models, one with a 5.1 inch dual-curved display, the other with 5.5 inches. The company have suffered bad press of late. The heir to the company is on the most wanted list for his alleged dealings in a corruption scandal that has already seen South Korea's president impeached. Super-rich business mogul Lee Jae-Yong, the only son of Samsung group chairman Lee Kun-Hee is accused of bribery, embezzlement and perjury. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Samsung Smartphones Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News Exclusive ACE'S DEADLY BUG SCARE Celtic new boy Kouassi Eboue struck down by malaria and rushed to hospital in Glasgow Football Ewan me outside Piers Morgan's T2 Trainspotting's Ewan McGregor a COWARD over Good Morning Britain snub News LOVED ONES' ANGUISH Family of British businessman shot dead in Thailand reveal he was happily married and had become a… News 'IT WAS CARNAGE' Two arrested on suspicion of arson after explosion at 'cannabis factory' sparks huge blaze in east London News Graphic Warning THE DRUG THAT EATS JUNKIES Horrific pics show addicts left with scaly crocodile skin after injecting 'cannibal' drug… News SNAPPY UNHAPPY Wave goodbye to sexy naked Snapchat selfies as photo app censors sauciness News CORE BLIMEY iPhone 8 concept images offer teasing glimpse of what Apple's next smartphone might look like News PLANE NASTY Cruel owners leave their dog to FREEZE to death at airport after they were told it couldn't come on the plane News JAIL DEATHS SHOCK Two teen inmates die at Polmont Young Offenders Institution within space of two weeks News BUM DEAL Have Tesco been caught short by eagle-eyed customers? Shoppers claim Luxury Soft Toilet Tissue is now smaller… News Exclusive REALITY LOVE Former Rangers WAG Nicola Mimnagh reveals she's dating Ex on the Beach bad boy Ross Worswick News ROD'S HOME GRINS Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers loved Rod Stewart's tipsy Scottish Cup draw antics on TV News Latest Who are Ew? Piers Morgan brands Ewan McGregor a hypocrite and slams him for praising child abuser Roman Polanski after T2… News TRAGIC TEEN Schoolgirl, 13, found hanged in woods after saying 'goodbye' to friend during Facebook chat about self-harm News SERIAL ABUSER CAGED Sex beast who tied girl, 13, to radiator and raped her is jailed for horrific 20-year campaign of abuse News Most Popular Exclusive Means to an end Scotland stay can help Emerson Hyndman make it..but it was career end for his dad Football Exclusive VICTIM'S FAMILY OUTRAGE Mum brands justice system 'broken' after Allan Carey who killed her son in Saltcoats freed to batter… News Pipe down, Cathro Ian Cathro has been told it was Hearts chiefs who chose Cup replay date with Raith Football Exclusive ‘He’d been nipping up for a quickie’ Pregnant mum fed up of sex noises from flat above devastated to find it was her FIANCE… Living TEN IN A ROW Scott Brown confirms he's to be honoured with testimonial to mark a decade at Celtic Football Video ‘IT COULD GET NASTY’ Celebrity Big Brother’s James Cosmo issues chilling warning to Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag TV & Showbiz Comment Skull fracture horror I'm living proof that Hull City star Ryan Mason can come back from this says David Friel Football THIS SCENES FAMILIAR We revisit the iconic locations in original Trainspotting movie 21 years on TV & Showbiz MOVIE KNOCK-OFF Copy of Trainspotting T2 appears online.. arousing suspicions it was made during Edinburgh premiere TV & Showbiz Ewan me outside Piers Morgan's T2 Trainspotting's Ewan McGregor a COWARD over Good Morning Britain snub News Exclusive NO WAY BACK Fulham drop interest in Ross McCormack after players tell boss Slavisa Jokanovic they don't want him Football Exclusive Like FATHER LIKE SON Dundee United take former Rangers defender David Robertson's son Mason on trial Football 'IT WAS CARNAGE' Two arrested on suspicion of arson after explosion at 'cannabis factory' sparks huge blaze in east London News LOVED ONES' ANGUISH Family of British businessman shot dead in Thailand reveal he was happily married and had become a… News Exclusive Rams make move St Mirren accept bid from Championship side Derby for teen star Kyle McAllister Football Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Remap Xbox, PlayStation, and Other Controller Buttons in Steam The Best iTunes Alternatives for Windows How to Make Your PC Shut Down at Night (But Only When You’re Not Using It) What Is the Adobe Acrobat Extension Chrome Wants Me to Install? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek How to Optimize Your iPhone’s Music Storage to Automatically Free Up Space Despite the increasing storage size of each generation of iPhones and other iOS devices, it’s really easy to stuff them full. If your storage management problem is a result of too much music, there’s a new feature introduced in iOS 10 that makes it easy to optimize your storage and free up space. How Music Storage Optimization Works RELATED ARTICLE What is Apple Music and How Does It Work? Introduced in the spring of 2015, Apple Music—Apple’s answer to Spotify and other music streaming services—makes it pretty easy to find new artists and download music to your iOS device. Between Apple Music and regular MP3s, it’s easier than ever to fill your phone up. Historically, Apple had a behind the scenes solution to this problem: if your iPhone was approaching its maximum storage capacity, then iOS would just quietly delete songs it thought you didn’t want anymore (as long as there was a copy of those songs in your iCloud music library). Unfortunately, there was no user control over the setup, and people often found iOS had deleted music they wanted to keep. In iOS 10, you get a little more control. First, this feature is now off by default, so you have to seek it out and flip it on. Then, you simply tell the app how much space to allocate for music (say, 4GB) and when you reach a point where your iPhone storage is running low, Music will check your music storage and par it back to that level. If, for example, you have 8GB of music at the time the low storage warning is triggered, it will automatically delete some of it. The algorithm is smarter, too, leaving your most frequently played tracks and newly downloaded tracks intact while parring back old or seldom-played content to make room. That’s the main difference: it’ll only delete stuff if your phone’s storage is full—not if you pass your music allocation. So if you set your music allocation to 4GB, but have 8GB of music and nothing else on your 16GB iPhone, Apple won’t delete any music—it’ll only par it back to 4GB if the rest of your phone’s storage gets filled up. And, this only applies to music that is also available via your iCloud library or via the Apple Music service. iOS will never automatically par back music you’ve manually loaded onto your iPhone from iTunes.   Enabling Music Storage Optimization If optimization sounds like a feature you’d benefit from, it’s dead simple to turn it on. Simply grab your iPhone or other iOS device, and open up the “Settings” app. Within the Settings app, look for the “Music” entry. In the top half o the Music settings, confirm that “iCloud Music Library” is toggled on. Without this setting turned on, the music optimization menu is inaccessible—remember the optimization features only work on Apple Music downloads and music in your iCloud library, not the material you’ve manually synced from iTunes. Scroll down to the bottom where you’ll find the “Optimize Storage” option. Click on it. Toggle “Optimize Storage” on. Beneath it you can then select the level of minimum storage you want preserved for your music. If you select “None” then iOS will delete as much music as it needs in order to free up space. Barring that extreme of a selection, you can opt for 4, 8, 16, or 32 GB of storage. Remember this amount is the volume of storage that iOS will par back to only if your phone’s storage is full. You’re always free to add as much music as you want, as long as your phone isn’t nearing the end of its storage. That’s all there is to it! Toggle the setting on, make our adjustments, and never worry about overfilling your iPhone with music again. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Jason Fitzpatrick is a warranty-voiding DIYer who spends his days cracking opening cases and wrestling with code so you don't have to. If it can be modded, optimized, repurposed, or torn apart for fun he's interested (and probably already at the workbench taking it apart). You can follow him on Twitter if you'd like. Published 01/20/17 DID YOU KNOW? Approximately 51 percent of the traffic on the Internet is non-human and is comprised of traffic generated by search engine crawlers, data scrapers, vulnerability scanners, and other computer-directed sources. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Firefox is About to Become an Almost Complete Copy of Chrome How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line How to See Which App is Blocking Your PC from Going into Sleep Mode How to Manually Upgrade Your Nexus Device with ADB Sideload What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Troubleshoot Google Chrome Crashes How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs 5 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac Cutting the Cord: Can Buying Episodes and Watching TV Online Be Cheaper Than Cable? Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Features Reviews Search Subscribe Mobile Technology How to switch from Android to iPhone Emily Ferron 7 pictures How to switch from an Android to an iPhone without losing your dataView gallery - 7 images Have you decided to drop your Android in favor of an iPhone? Here's how to switch phones and operating systems without losing your data (or mind) in the process. Things to know before you start Chances are, you'll have to abandon many of your hardware accessories. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus do have adapters to accommodate the missing audio jack, but the iPhone's Lightning charging ports are incompatible with any 'droid. Say goodbye to chargers, cases and microSD cards. Of course, some other items, like docks, speakers and wearable tech products, might be compatible, so double-check before ditching anything. Even though you'll have to re-purchase and download all new apps, all of the best core Google apps are available for iOS. The Google suite, and the accompanying Google Drive storage, are going to be your best friends in the migration process. In fact, we recommend continuing to use them after becoming an iPhone user. You can also seek Apple's help for this process – it seems to place gleaning Android customers at the top of its priorities. According to its website, Apple Store employees will help you transfer from an Android to an iPhone for free, and there is an official Apple app in the Android store that may also be of service. The easy, less involved way: Move to iOS app The official Move to iOS app in the Google Play Store automates content migration. It transfers contacts, message history, photos and videos, web bookmarks, mail accounts and calendars all at once. If you have a new or reset iPhone and you're not picky about configurations, the free app will get you through in minutes. You will need both phones and Wi-Fi connection for the process. The iPhone needs to be either brand new or factory reset. For best results, set up an Apple ID ahead of time. 1. Download the Move to iOS app on your Android and follow the starting prompts. The app will ask you for a code, which you will get from your iPhone. 2. Turn on your iPhone. You'll receive a "Hello" message. When it comes to Apps & Data, choose the "Move Data from Android" button. 3. You'll be prompted to download Move to iOS. Hit continue. 4. When your iPhone generates a code, switch back to the Android and enter it there. 5. Once you enter the code, your iPhone creates a private Wi-Fi connection between the two phones, and the transfer begins. 6. You'll be asked which content you'd like to transfer. Make your selection. 7. The transfer begins. It may take several minutes, but the duration depends on how much data you have. Once the transfer is complete, you'll have to answer a few more questions to set up your iPhone. You may be looking for your old apps on the iPhone. The Move to iOS instructions suggest that it re-downloads iOS versions of your free Android apps, if available. However, that isn't quite the case, and the service doesn't work in all areas. In most cases, Move to iOS adds iOS versions of your Android apps to the App Store Wish List. You'll have to download them manually. From your iPhone, go to App Store and tap the list icon in the top right corner of the screen to access your Wish List. Not all Android apps have iOS equivalents, so do not expect to have everything available to you. You will also have to re-purchase paid apps. The manual way, if you want to understand what's going on The Move to iOS app doesn't give you much power over exactly how your new iPhone is configured. For example, if you want to continue mostly relying on Google Drive storage instead of the iCloud, some of the default presets will not work in your favor. Also, the Move to iOS app may be easy to use, but the simplified process does not impart much knowledge about how the Apple ecosystem works. From an organizational and efficiency standpoint, you may be better off in the long run if you get to know your iPhone during the setup process. What you'll need In this tutorial, we assume you have both phones, a Wi-Fi connection and a computer. It's OK if you don't have both phones, but you will need to migrate your data from your Android before you get rid of it. You'll also need an Apple ID if you do not already have one. You can check for/create an Apple ID. You can also create an account on your iPhone during the setup process. Email accounts, phone contacts and calendars If your contacts and calendars are connected to an email address (Google or otherwise) then it's very easy to move this info. You can add each email account and its associated contacts and calendars to your iPhone at the same time. Some Android phones store contact information to the local device's SIM card instead of Google Contacts. If that's the case (and you don't plan on transferring the actual SIM card to the new device) you'll have to start by importing SIM card contents to Google Contacts. Moving SIM card contents to Google Contacts 1. On your Android, open the Contacts app. 2. Click the menu icon and look for Import/Export. In Android Nougat, this is usually found under Settings, but it does vary between different manufacturers and their takes on the operating system. 3. Choose Import/Export > Import from SIM card. 4. You'll be asked which Google account to save your contacts to. If you have more than one, choose your primary email. You will receive a confirmation when the process is complete. After that, you'll be ready to add email accounts and sync their associated data. Adding email accounts Even if you plan on using Gmail for iOS instead of Apple's native Mail app (or your main email address isn't Gmail) you should still add your Gmail account to your iPhone settings. That way, you'll have easy access to all of your associated Google data. To add an e-mail account to a brand new or factory reset iPhone, open the Mail app. You'll be prompted to add an account when you open it for the first time. If your phone is not starting from scratch, or if you have several email address to add, go to Settings > Mail > Accounts > Add Account. After you enter username, password and any other required information, you'll see a screen with the account name at the top and a few services listed. It depends on which email service you use, but you will probably see Mail, Contacts and Calendars (and perhaps a few more options) with toggle switches next to them. Turn these toggle switches to the green on position in order to sync the data. Once you do, you'll be able to access it from your stock iOS apps (Contacts, Calendar, Mail). A note on using stock iOS vs. Google apps Of the iPhone's Contacts, Calendar and Mail stock apps, Contacts is the only missing piece (though that's irrelevant as long as you tick the Contacts toggle when setting up your Google account). There is no reason for you to start using Apple's Mail or Calendar apps if you don't want to. You can download Gmail and Google Calendar for iOS and delete pre-installed Mail and Calendar apps from your iPhone. Sticking to Google services has a few benefits. For one, you'll never have to worry about a learning curve. In addition, Google offers more free cloud storage through Google Drive (15 GB) than Apple does through the iCloud (5 GB), so it's a good way to preserve iCloud storage. In terms of app specifics – the iOS Calendar allows you to view Google calendars, but not post to them. If you stick with the Google calendar exclusively, you won't have the headache of dealing with semi-compatible calendars. The Gmail app and iOS Mail apps work very differently. If you only use Gmail, go for its namesake app: Its interface will be much more familiar, so you can maintain your current methods of inbox triage. If you use non-Gmail addresses, you'll need to use Apple Mail instead. Photos & videos Before you get rid of your Android, keep your photos and videos by backing them up to Google Photos. 1. To start, download the Google Photos app to your Android, if you don't already have it. 2. Open Google Photos. Tap the Menu icon (three horizontal lines, in the top left corner) and go to Settings. Then, choose "Back up & sync." From there, you can choose which account you'd like these photos to be associated with, along with other preferences. 3. You may see an "Upload size" option, with "High quality" and "Original" selections. If you choose high quality, your photo storage won't count against your Google Drive space, but captures will be reduced to less than 16 MP in size. High quality is a good choice for smartphone pics, since at this point, the leading cameras are 16 MP or less. After your photos are backed up, you have two options. If you are content with accessing them through Google Photos, you can download the iOS app to view or download the photos to your iPhone. However, there's not an automated way to import and export the photos all at once, and they'll occupy precious space on your iPhone or the iCloud. For that reason, we recommend keeping your Android photo library in Google Photos. When you take photos using your iPhone camera, it will either save photos to your local device or the iCloud Photo Library. You will be asked to configure this setting when you start your iPhone for the first time, but you can always change it under Settings > iCloud Photo Library and switching the toggle on and off. If you want to maintain your entire photo library with Google Photos, you can periodically upload your iOS photos to Google. You can find those instructions in our guide for switching from from Android to iPhone. Apps iOS apps and Android apps are not interchangeable. While many leading apps are available in both versions, purchases don't carry over from Google Play to the App Store. You have to buy, download and install iOS apps individually. Not all Android apps are available on iOS, so you may need research alternatives. Search the App Store or use a web tool like AlternativeTo to find some options. Google Play Music It is not necessary to transfer your Google Play Music library to iTunes. You can download the Google Play Music for iOS app and continue listening and purchasing as you did on your Android. If you do want to start using iTunes, you may want to import your music library. Here are the steps: 1. Open and login to Google Play Music through your computer's browser. 2. Click the menu icon, and then Music Library. 3. Select the item(s) you want to download and then click the menu icon with three vertical dots. 4. Choose "Download" and a download location. Choose something that will be easy to find in just a moment. 5. Download the desktop version of iTunes, if you don't already have it. 6. Open iTunes, then navigate to File > Add Folder to library. Select the folder(s) where your music files are. 7. After your files have been imported, you will need to either save the iTunes library to the iCloud, where you can access them on any device, or you can plug your iPhone into the computer and sync manually through iTunes. When making your decision, keep in mind that the iCloud is limited to 5 MB of free storage, and your iPhone has limited device storage as well (amount varies depending on the model and configuration). 8. To save the music on your computer to the cloud, check off "iCloud Music Library" in your iTunes settings. 9. To manually sync songs to your iPhone, plug your iPhone into the computer using its USB-A to Lightning charging cord. iTunes will automatically detect your device, which will appear in the left hand column. 10. Click the name of your device > Summary > Options, and make sure the "Manually manage music and videos" option is checked on. 11. Then, return to your iTunes content. Select the materials that you would like to add to your phone, and click and drag them to your device name in the left hand column. Large transfers may take several minutes. Texts SMS messages don't transfer well between mobile operating systems. The Move to iOS app includes them, but if you don't go that route, you can try a third party-app such as BackupTrans or Android Recovery, but we have not tried them and can not vouch for their capabilities. They may not be effective for everyone. Acclimating after the switch Navigation on the iPhone is slightly different. Instead of home, back and recent apps buttons, there is just one home button. You'll have to use the touch screen for other maneuvers. After you get the feel of the hardware, immerse yourself in the operating system. Check out our tips and tricks for optimizing iOS 10, which will help you get the master the current iPhone interface.View gallery - 7 images How to switch from Android to iPhone 1 / 7 Tags #iOS #How to #Android #Smartphones #iPhone Share this article Show 3 comments   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Life, but not as we know it: Scientists engineer first semisynthetic organism with three-base-pair DNA Review: Waist-watching with a Samsung-funded smart belt Fecal transplant improves autism symptoms Tips and tricks for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL Recommended for you Latest in Mobile Technology Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs. Notebook 9 Updated Gamevice iOS controller is lighter, battery-free Tips and tricks for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL iOS 10.2.1 patches scary security holes: Download immediately HTC U Ultra vs. OnePlus 3T Google Voice gets its first major update in five years Sprint acquires one-third of music-streaming service Tidal Samsung explains Galaxy Note 7 battery fault, outlines new safety checks How to switch from Android to iPhone HTC U Ultra vs. iPhone 7 Plus How to organize Gmail & keep your inbox empty HTC U Ultra vs. Google Pixel XL Latest phone comparisons HTC U Ultra vs. OnePlus 3T HTC U Ultra vs. iPhone 7 Plus HTC U Ultra vs. Google Pixel XL HTC U Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. LG V20 OnePlus 3T vs. iPhone 7 Plus OnePlus 3T vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge OnePlus 3T vs. Google Pixel XL OnePlus 3T vs. OnePlus 3 Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Editors Choice Brain-controlled robot lets physically challenged see the world Compare the latest tech gear Scottsdale Collector Car Auction Preview - star cars and viewing schedules Luxury solar yacht is just as spectacular as we anticipated Getting out of Auto: Understanding Aperture The best of the 2017 Detroit Auto Show The story of the Star Trek fan film that is challenging copyright laws Plaque-busting plants take on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Used shipping container turned into tiny home for two The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 The best of CES 2017 10 exciting future-focused films coming in 2017 Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-24 WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Entertainment 2017-01-24 Razzies 2017: Who Is Worse — Ben Affleck Or Ben Stiller? Entertainment 2017-01-24 Oscars Apologize: Amy Adams Snubbed, ‘Arrival’ Fans Disappointed Entertainment 2017-01-24 Mel Gibson: ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ Director Welcomes Ninth Child, Earns Oscar Nod News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-24 Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals [Opinion] News 2017-01-24 President Trump Signs Executive Order To Abandon Obama’s Signature Policy On Keystone XL and Dakota Pipelines News 2017-01-24 Want To See What $20 Million Hidden In A Mattress Looks Like? Feds Tweet Picture Of Latest Find News 2017-01-24 President Trump Freezes EPA Grants, Institutes Social Media Blackout Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE Raw 1/23/17 In Cleveland: Spoilers, Results And Commentary Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Mickie James Talks Return, Dating John Cena and Kenny Dykstra Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Goldberg To Work Full-Time Schedule If He Becomes Universal Champion? Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Roman Reigns Talks About Becoming A Heel Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Health 2017-01-22 Marijuana And Pregnancy: What Are The Effects? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Assassin’s Creed: Empire’ Release Date Revealed? Ubisoft Hints At 2017 For Egypt Setting Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Monster Hunter XX’ Sword ‘Urano Metria’ Designed By ‘Fairy Tail’ Creator Hiro Mashima Revealed: Mystical Weapon Available As Expansion DLC For Nintendo 3DS Game Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘League of Legends’ Clubs and ULoL: The Big Ten Network Signs Up For ‘LoL’ League Gaming 2017-01-23 ‘Resident Evil 7: Biohazard’ Reviews Indicate A Revival In The Series BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Donald Trump Parody Video Gets Boulder Creek High School Principal And Assistant Principal Suspended – With Pay BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Dippin Dots Wins With Free Press After Sean Spicer Launched Five-Year Twitter War With The Company BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Melania’s Scowl After Trump Passes Comment In Inauguration Video Goes Viral: What Did Donald Say That Made The First Lady’s Expression Darken?[Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-23 Carrie Fisher News: Princess Leia Became The Inspiration For Many At Women’s March SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple And Qualcomm Battle In Lawsuit Filed By iPhone Manufacturer Technology 1 0 0 January 20, 2017 Apple And Qualcomm Battle In Lawsuit Filed By iPhone Manufacturer Jeremy Winslow Apple is suing one its most important chip suppliers, Qualcomm. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] According to records witnessed by Business Insider, the Cupertino-based tech behemoth is “accusing Qualcomm of withholding $1 billion in rebates under a deal [the two] had struck to keep Qualcomm modems in Apple products, including the iPhone and iPad.” As such, Apple is seeking approximately $1 billion in royalties, hoping the chip giant pays the full amount. This lawsuit comes right on the heels of another accusation filed by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Earlier in this week, the government agency alleged that “Qualcomm entered into an anticompetitive deal with Apple to keep its modem chips in Apple’s products.” As purported by these accusations, Qualcomm seems to want to have a choke hold on the iPhone company, making it so that if Apple decides to use different chips then revert back to Qualcomm’s chips, the San Diego-based company increases the money collected. Apple states that “Qualcomm charges Apple ‘at least five times more in’ royalty payments than all of Apple’s other patent licensors combined.” This monopolistic practice is exactly why the FTC accused Qualcomm of “[entering] into an anticompetitive deal with Apple.” Apple provided the following statement to Business Insider. “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. “To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. “Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” [Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] The lengthy 104-page document found on Business Insider goes in-depth into the complaint Apple filed against Qualcomm. Not even 10 pages into the document sees Apple slamming Qualcomm. “Qualcomm broke its promise and has breached its [fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND)] commitments. Qualcomm illegally double-dips by selling chipsets that allow mobile telephones to connect to cellular networks and then separately licensing (but never to competitors) the purportedly necessary intellectual property. By tying together the markets for chipsets and licenses to technology in cellular standards, Qualcomm illegally enhances and strengthens its monopoly in each market and eliminates competition. Then, Qualcomm leverages its market power to extract exorbitant royalties, later agreeing to reduce those somewhat only in exchange for additional anticompetitive advantages and restrictions on challenging Qualcomm’s power, further solidifying its stranglehold on the industry. All of this has been forced on Apple because the iPhone and the iPad have required Qualcomm chips.” This indictment by Apple really sticks a thorn into the side of Qualcomm; however, there’s no word on the adverse effects of this lawsuit and it isn’t confirmed whether it will be recognized and billed as true. At the moment, it’s nothing more than legal slander by Apple, so, depending on which side the government decides to teeter on, Qualcomm may get away with it. With the FTC investigating Qualcomm, though, it may be very unlikely that the chipmaker will make it out of this bout unscathed. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Note 8 Release Date And Specs: August 2017 Launch, Harman Kardon S-Pen Speaker, 4K Display And Safer Batteries Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: Apple, federal trade commission, FTC, ipad January 23, 2017 State Road 52 Crash: Florida Middle School Principal Killed When His Vehicle Slammed Into Back Of Semi-Truck Carrying Load Of Logs January 22, 2017 Florida Daycare Workers Fired After Forgetting 4-Year-Old Girl In Broken-Down Van On Side Of Busy Road View full timeline 18 hours ago Apple Rumors: Pencil 2 To Be Unveiled With 10.5-Inch iPad Pro In March? 3 days ago Apple Prepares Security-Enhanced iPhone 8 And Updated iPad Pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES Watch Again ‘The Path’ Season 1 Full Episodes Online Free Before Hulu Premieres Season 2 [Video] DCTV: Harley Quinn, Kevin Smith’s Daughter, Victim Of Human Trafficking On ‘Supergirl’ [Recap] Jennifer Aniston: Star Acknowledges Her Letter To Tabloids Has Done Little ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Jax Taylor Wasn’t Surprised By Scheana Marie And Mike Shay’s Divorce Queen Elizabeth’s ‘Blood Princesses’ Eugenie, Beatrice And Parents Prince Andrew And Sarah Ferguson Show Public They Can Be Likable Royals WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Kelly Ripa Co-Host Search Continues, Jerry O’Connell Says He’s Willing To Step In Ryan Reynolds Schedules ‘Tickle-Fight’ After ‘Deadpool’ Oscar Snub Chelsea Handler Under Fire For Saying Melania Trump Can ‘Barely Speak English’ Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Is The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus A Hero In Real Life? Is He Awesome Like Daryl Dixon? [Opinion] 14.5k 0 0 ‘Hwarang’ Korean Drama Flops? Star-Studded Cast Of K-Pop Idols Fails To Deliver Ratings 14.8k 0 0 BTS K-Pop Comeback In 2017: BigHit Entertainment Clarifies Bangtan Boys Continuing ‘Wings’ This February [Video] 8.8k 0 0 Red Velvet Comeback In 2017: SM Entertainment K-pop Girl Group Reported To Make Return Late January Or Early February [Video] 3.2k 0 0 Katie Rich Fired? @KatieMaryRich Twitter, Facebook Deleted: ‘SNL’ Writer’s Tweet About Barron Trump, 10, And Boycott Buzz 3.9k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Goldberg’s Surprising Opponent For ‘FastLane’ Revealed 2.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments The lawsuit follows actions by antitrust regulators in South Korea and the U.S. Martyn Williams (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 09:23 - - - - print email Comments A nasty spat between Apple and Qualcomm broke into public view on Friday when the smartphone maker accused the chip supplier of charging "exorbitant" licensing fees for its cellular technology. Apple is asking a Southern California court to order Qualcomm to pay it nearly $1 billion that it says Qualcomm is holding back. Apple says it is owed the money but Qualcomm is holding it back because Apple cooperated with a South Korean government investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices. The lawsuit alleges that Qualcomm charges high licensing fees to the companies that make iPhones for Apple. Those companies pass the fees on to Apple but aren't allowed to show Apple the specifics of the licensing deals, leaving Apple unsure what it is paying for. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." The lawsuit comes just months after Apple began using Intel radio chips in some units of the iPhone 7. And it follows two recent legal actions by antitrust regulators against Qualcomm's licensing practices. In December, antitrust regulators in South Korea levied an $854 million fine against Qualcomm for unfair licensing practices. Qualcomm vowed to appeal the decision. Then, earlier this week, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission followed with allegations of its own: that Qualcomm had engaged in anticompetitive practices by forcing some phone makers into accepting unfavorable licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity. Apple cooperated with the South Korean investigation. It alleged on Friday that Qualcomm withheld nearly $1 billion in rebates as punishment for that. In response to the FTC's lawsuit earlier this week, Qualcomm denied it did anything of the sort and said the FTC's lawsuit is "significantly flawed." "Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," it said in a statement. "The FTC’s allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong." It has not commented on Apple's lawsuit. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Applequalcomm More about AppleApple.Federal Trade CommissionFTCIntelQualcomm Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise EMA Survey Report Latest Jobs Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD Web Developer SA Dynamics CRM Technical Delivery Manager VIC Project Services Opportunities SA Devops Engineer VIC Business Project Manager Integration NSW Junior Project Manager QLD Data Analyst VIC Program Manager NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​WA government finalises contracts for IT overhaul ​ME exploring artificial intelligence The week in security: Hackers plunder online databases as Trump nominee flags ... CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case ​Android HummingBad malware returns to Google Play Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Techworld LinkedIn pumps water down to its server racks, uses an interesting spine and leaf network fabric Lenovo tunes N23 Yoga Chromebook for Android apps with ARM processor Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall CMO Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple suing Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint Apple suing Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint January 20, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment CNBC reports that Apple is suing iPhone supplier Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion over patent royalties. Apple is suing Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion, saying Qualcomm has been “charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with.” […] Apple says that Qualcomm has taken “radical steps,” including “withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” The reasoning is due to allegations of Qualcomm using monopolistic practices to prevent Apple from choosing components from competing suppliers. Apple relied on Qualcomm modems on its iPhone and iPads up until the iPhone 7 where the company decided to use Intel for half of its modems. Apple is now accusing Qualcomm of charging “at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” Tags: iPhone, lawsuit, Qualcomm About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Authorized Reseller Simply Mac closing several locations later this month Rumor: Apple to add group FaceTime calls in iOS 11 → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 PhoneDog USB-C Solutions for Your MacBook Pro! LG and Google's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches reportedly appear in leaked images LG G6 image leak gives a peek at the front of the upcoming Android flagship AT&T launching International Day Pass to simplify using your phone overseas OnePlus 3T 64GB Gunmetal will be offered with immediate dispatch ZTE says it made a 'mistake' with crowdsourced Hawkeye, asks for suggestions to improve it Android Instant Apps now in live testing Android And Me LG G6 rumored to include Snapdragon New leaks show LG G6, LG and Google’s ZTE apologizes about making Project LG may use Google Assistant on upcoming OnePlus 3T 64GB in gunmetal now in stock Google starting limited testing of Android TmoNews LG G6 appears in leaked image ahead MetroPCS kicks off free phone offer Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation T-Mobile One plan now all-in, KickBack T-Mobile Tuesdays will begin letting Samsung to reveal cause of Galaxy Note T-Mobile’s BlackBerry Priv and LG PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Rumor: Apple to add group FaceTime calls in iOS 11 Rumor: Apple to add group FaceTime calls in iOS 11 January 20, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple may finally be adding the highly anticipated group video feature to FaceTime in iOS 11. The report comes from a sketchy source, The Verifier, claims that the feature will be baked right into iOS 11 however doesn’t mention if it will come to other Apple platforms however that’s assumed. The report cites “several people familiar with [the] iOS development process (partly developed in Israel)” but this is the first time it’s being reported. Specifically, it notes that Apple will build the feature right into Messages on iOS to allow group chats for up to five people. FaceTime currently, and has always been, strictly two people only since it launched back in 2010. When iOS 7 launched, Apple introduced FaceTime Audio which allowed users to do voice calls over FaceTime. Apple will more than likely announce iOS 11 at WWDC in June. If this rumor holds true, we could potentially see this make it to the list, however this is the first time we’ve heard rumblings about such a feature and it’s coming from a not-so-reliable source. Tags: FaceTime, iOS 11, iPad, iPhone About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple suing Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the ‘value of the technology we have invented’ → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 PhoneDog USB-C Solutions for Your MacBook Pro! LG and Google's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches reportedly appear in leaked images LG G6 image leak gives a peek at the front of the upcoming Android flagship AT&T launching International Day Pass to simplify using your phone overseas OnePlus 3T 64GB Gunmetal will be offered with immediate dispatch ZTE says it made a 'mistake' with crowdsourced Hawkeye, asks for suggestions to improve it Android Instant Apps now in live testing Android And Me LG G6 rumored to include Snapdragon New leaks show LG G6, LG and Google’s ZTE apologizes about making Project LG may use Google Assistant on upcoming OnePlus 3T 64GB in gunmetal now in stock Google starting limited testing of Android TmoNews LG G6 appears in leaked image ahead MetroPCS kicks off free phone offer Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation T-Mobile One plan now all-in, KickBack T-Mobile Tuesdays will begin letting Samsung to reveal cause of Galaxy Note T-Mobile’s BlackBerry Priv and LG PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple files $1B suit against Qualcomm The Cupertino company says Qualcomm withheld payments it owed as a means of retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean investigators. ByStephanie Condon for Between the Lines | January 20, 2017 -- 22:41 GMT (14:41 PST) | Topic: Processors Apple on Friday filed a suit against Qualcomm, accusing the chipmaker of withholding contractual payments it owed in retaliation for Apple's cooperation with South Korean regulatory investigators. The suit also charges Qualcomm "attempting to extort" the Cupertino company into obstructing the investigation. From the suit, filed in federal district court in the Southern District of California: Among Apple's damages are nearly $1 billion that Qualcomm owes to Apple under an agreement between the two companies. Qualcomm claims that Apple has forfeited those amounts by responding to requests in the course of an investigation by the Korea Fair Trade Commission ("KFTC"), which recently levied the largest fine in its history against Qualcomm. Qualcomm has withheld the required contractual payments from Apple even though the agreement clearly permits Apple to respond to the KFTC's lawful investigation and requests for information. If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused. On top of that, the suit claims that Qualcomm's monopoly power and "abusive licensing model" enable the company to demand excessive royalties. "What this means in the case of the iPhone is that when Apple engineers create a revolutionary new security feature such as touch ID, which enables breakthrough technologies like Apple Pay, Qualcomm insists on royalties for these and other innovations it had nothing to do with and royalty payments go up," the complaint says. Following the KFTC investigation cited by Apple, South Korean regulators last month fined Qualcomm $890 million for monopolistic practices. Then earlier this week, the Federal Trade Commission alleged in a complaint that Qualcomm used anti-competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over semiconductor supply. Taiwanese officials have begun to snoop around as well. Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm EVP and General Counsel, said in a statement to ZDNet that Qualcomm is still reviewing the complaint, but it's clear Apple's claims are "baseless." "Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program," he said. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Cashless payments: How one city has made electronic transactions pay off To counter a national aversion to digital payments of any kind, the northern Italian city of Bergamo has taken matters into its own hands, with some beneficial results. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Storage Hidden Figures and the IBM 7090 computer Internet of Things Intel launches GO platform, aims for autonomous vehicles, but runs into Qualcomm, NXP Processors Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor brings VR to your mobile devices Hardware AMD's Ryzen could be the defining processor of 2017 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Apple sues Qualcomm, saying chipmaker withheld $1B as “extortion” Suit claims payment was withheld after Apple talked to Korean regulators. Joe Mullin - Jan 20, 2017 10:04 pm UTC Apple's shiny logo outside its San Francisco store. Steve Rhodes reader comments 120 Share this story Apple sued Qualcomm today, alleging that the chip company charges billions in patent royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." In its complaint, Apple says that Qualcomm actually withheld $1 billion in payments it owes to Apple because Apple cooperated with the Korea Fair Trade Commission, or KFTC. Apple lawyers go on to make an extraordinary claim: that Qualcomm "attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple," but Apple refused. Further ReadingFeds sue Qualcomm for anti-competitive patent licensingApple's lawsuit seeks unspecified damages while stating it has been "overcharged billions" by Qualcomm. The lawsuit notes that law enforcement agencies around the world are investigating Qualcomm, which "has been declared a monopolist by three separate governments" in the past two years. Last month, Korean regulators slapped Qualcomm with a $850 million fine over its patent-licensing practices. The US Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm earlier this week, again over patent issues. An Apple spokesperson provided an e-mailed statement on the lawsuit, which reads in full: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm hasn't immediately responded to Apple's allegations. “Monopoly power” Qualcomm has told ETSI, a standard-setting organization for telecommunications, that it has more than 30,000 global patents that are "essential" to modern cell phones. Submitting those patents to ETSI obligates Qualcomm to license them on a "fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory" (FRAND) basis. By refusing to sell chipsets to customers who don't license their patents, Qualcomm "forced purchasers of its chipsets to take a license to its SEPs at extortion-level royalties," Apple claims. "And by foreclosing competitors from dealing with Apple, a key purchaser of chipsets, Qualcomm facilitated the marginalization and exit of many of those competitors, enhancing its own monopoly power." In Apple's view, Qualcomm has "monopoly power" in the market for both CDMA and LTE-enabled chipsets. That lets the company extract payments from Apple that are "anticompetitive" on both its products and its patent licenses. The lawsuit also states that Qualcomm "double-dips" royalty payments. Apple's contracted manufacturers buy Qualcomm chips and take a patent license, and then Apple must take a separate license. Apple claims that Qualcomm's strategy is to gouge it on royalty rates, then offer billions in royalty rebates for "exclusivity or de facto exclusivity" from Apple. "It was only with the iPhone 7, released in September, that Apple was able to use a competitor's chipsets (Intel's) as well as Qualcomm chipsets," write Apple lawyers. That choice cost Apple, which didn't get its usual exclusivity "rebate" from Qualcomm. The amount it cost Apple is redacted from the complaint. The lawsuit accuses Qualcomm of breach of contract, monopolization, and violations of California contract law. The lawsuit also mentions nine specific patents for which Apple was overcharged and says Apple didn't infringe those patents. Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 120 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Apple antitrust suit: Qualcomm overcharged 'billions'By Glenn CHAPMAN | AFP – Sat, Jan 21, 2017 3:57 AM AEDT Related Content View Photo In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by Qualcomm's "illegal scheme" Apple on Friday sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Tech giant Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for the iPhone maker's cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in an email statement. "To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." Qualcomm rejected Apple's claims at baseless, contending the iPhone maker "intentionally mischaracterized" agreements as well as the value of the company's technology. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world... by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court." The suit charges Qualcomm of building a business model on using its rights to older, legacy technology considered telecommunication industry standards to raise royalties when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," Apple said. - Antitrust woes - Apple noted in the suit that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in an array of countries for selling its smartphone chipsets only to makers agreeing to its "preferred license terms" for essential mobile telecom patents. Apple asked for a jury trial, and for damages including Qualcomm paying the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties it has raked in. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. The Apple filing came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed suit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine exceeding $850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chipsets used in mobile phones. - Room for rivals - Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. Apple undoubtedly knows of the antitrust tide rising against Qualcomm and would like to help provide room for rival chipmakers to flourish, perhaps letting Intel improve its position, according to analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy. "I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm," Moorhead said, referring to the mobile device modems. "Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this." While the legal case alleges exclusionary contracts and the idea of being overcharged for licensing, it may well be powered by Apple wanting to ramp up competition to Qualcomm so it can negotiate better deals, the analyst said. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. Top Stories » Rio Tinto sells coal operations to YancoalAAP Rio Tinto will sell its NSW energy coal operations to Chinese-owned Yancoal Australia in a deal worth up to $US2.45 … Microsoft victory in overseas data privacy case standsAFP Peru urges new Pacific trade deal after Trump snubAFP China energy firm expands in crisis-hit BrazilAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Trump TPP Interflora Bourke St driver Travel insurance quote Gorden Kaye Australia energy Meg Lanning Car Insurance Johann Ofner NBN Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1B Over Alleged Antitrust Violations Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Sues Qualcomm For $1B Over Alleged Antitrust Violations January 20, 2017 5:05 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler More Antitrust Issues qualcomm apple federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit chip patent allegations damages rebate claims FRAND Looking for competition Days after federal regulators sued smartphone and device chip maker Qualcomm accusing it of antitrust violations, one of the company’s largest customers, Apple, is following suit, seeking $1 billion in damages.  The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple filed the lawsuit Friday in a federal court in California, accusing Qualcomm of using its muscle to overcharge the tech company for use of its patents. According to Apple, in order to use the patents, Qualcomm created terms that required Apple to pay a percentage of the average selling price of an iPhone to the company and required the smartphone manufacturer to exclusively use its chips for five years. As part of the agreement, Apple was to receive quarterly rebates from Qualcomm. However, Apple claims in the suit that Qualcomm withheld $1 billion worth of rebates as retaliation for Apple’s cooperation with South Korean antitrust regulators, who later fined Qualcomm $853 million. To make matters worse, the WSJ reports that Apple claims Qualcomm attempted to force the tech giant into changing responses to the Korean regulators in order to receive the withheld funds. Apple tells the WSJ that it is “extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” Apple’s lawsuit comes just three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm, claiming the company used its position as a supplier of certain baseband processors to impose anticompetitive supply and licensing terms on cell phone manufacturers, including Apple, as a way to weaken competitors. Qualcomm holds patents that it has declared essential to industry standards that enable cellular connectivity. In exchange for having their patented technologies included in the standards, participants like Qualcomm typically commit to license their patents on what are known as “fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory” (or FRAND) terms. Companies can then negotiate a license and royalties allowing other companies to use the technology. Regulators claim that Qualcomm threatened to disrupt cell phone manufacturers’ supply of baseband processors in order to entice them into providing the company with more royalties and beneficial license terms for the patents it holds. January 20, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler More Antitrust Issues qualcomm apple federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit chip patent allegations damages rebate claims FRAND Looking for competition Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related That's not right Qualcomm Faces Anti-Trust Lawsuit Over Patents, Licensing settling up Apple Settles E-Book Antitrust Class Action Suit; Terms Not Revealed facing the lawsuit Apple Must Face Lawsuit Claiming It Ran App Store Monopoly No Antitrust Here Jury: Apple iTunes, iPod Restrictions Don’t Constitute Monopoly legal battles Lawsuit From Ericsson Wants To Ban Apple From Importing iPhones, iPads Previous Town Traces Foul Mystery Odor Plaguing Residents To Rotten Radishes Next Net Neutrality Basher Ajit Pai Reportedly Close To Being Named FCC Chairman Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Net Neutrality Basher Ajit Pai Reportedly Close To Being Named FCC Chairman Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Apple sues Qualcomm over royalty rebates, other patent issues The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it January 20 TECHNOLOGY Apple seeks $1 billion from Qualcomm Apple filed a lawsuit Friday accusing Qualcomm of monopolizing the market for computer chips for wireless devices and of withholding $1 billion in retaliation for Apple’s cooperation with antitrust authorities in South Korea. Qualcomm has been under fire from regulators around the world for its patent licensing practices. Apple’s lawsuit is the first direct challenge by one of Qualcomm’s biggest customers. In December, South Korea fined the company $890 million and described its practices as monopolistic. Qualcomm has said it will appeal the decision. Under an agreement with Qualcomm, Apple said it was forced to refrain from taking any steps to challenge Qualcomm’s business model. When Apple complied with demands from Korean regulators, Qualcomm said that was a violation of the agreement. In retaliation, Qualcomm withheld money that it was to pay Apple in royalty rebates, the iPhone maker said. Apple is demanding that the chipmaker hand over the money. The suit also challenges the validity of some Qualcomm patents for wireless technologies. Apple is asking the court to rule that, if the patents are upheld, the royalty amount is significantly lower than what Qualcomm charges now. — Bloomberg News AUTO INDUSTRY New Mexico suing Takata, automakers New Mexico Attorney General Hector Balderas filed a lawsuit Friday against Japanese manufacturer Takata and a list of automakers over the sale of cars with dangerous air bag inflaters. The attorney general’s office argues that the manufacturers had a duty to ensure their products were safe. Concealment of defects in the air bags amounted to unfair, deceptive and unconscionable trade practices under New Mexico law, the suit says. Takata already has agreed to pay $1 billion in fines and restitution in a plea deal with the federal Justice Department over a years-long scheme to conceal the deadly defect in its inflaters. It also faces other litigation. A Takata spokesman declined to comment Friday. New Mexico’s case also targets numerous automakers that used the faulty bags in their vehicles. The state is seeking civil penalties for each defective air bag that entered the New Mexico market and penalties for each day the manufacturers misrepresented the safety of their products. State prosecutors also are seeking a jury trial. Takata inflaters can explode with too much force, spewing shrapnel at passengers. At least 27 people have died because of the defect. — Associated Press Also in Business ● Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rossello is criticizing orders from a federal control board in the first clash over how best to tackle the island’s deep economic crisis. Rossello said Friday that the board’s demands are unacceptable and differ greatly from his vision to promote economic growth. On Wednesday, the control board ordered the administration to present a plan that would generate $4.5 billion a year in revenue or savings through 2019. Officials said Puerto Rico should reform its tax system, reduce health-care and higher education spending, and cut as the size of its government. ● AT&T signed up new pay-TV customers for the first time in seven quarters, thanks to its new live online video service. DirecTV Now, which targets consumers who don’t subscribe to traditional TV, helped woo at least 200,000 video subscribers in the fourth quarter and offset a loss of satellite-TV customers, according to a filing Friday of preliminary results. The gain reflects a promotional offer of $35 a month for 100-plus channels. AT&T introduced DirecTV Now in November and now charges $60 a month for a similar number of channels. ● The ride-hailing company Uber has hired the man behind Google search to help grow its self-driving car program. Amit Singhal announced on his blog Friday that he will join Uber after 15 years at Alphabet, where he led Google’s search division. He will be senior vice president of engineering and act as an adviser to chief executive Travis Kalanick and Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber’s self-driving efforts. Singhal called Uber “a geek’s candy store” and said he was excited by the engineering challenges it is tackling. — From news services business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The Trump administration just told a whopper about the size of the federal workforce 2 President Trump signs order to withdraw from Trans-Pacific Partnership 3 CDC abruptly cancels long-planned conference on climate change and health 4 How the wealthy Obamas could become wealthier 5 One of the last Obama-era climate reports had a troubling update about the rising seas Market Watch DJIA -0.14% NASDAQ -0.04% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 01/24/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple just sued Qualcomm for unfair license costs Chris Burns - Jan 20, 2017 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This afternoon Apple released a statement which suggests they’ve begun a process to sue Qualcomm for unfair licensing practices for mobile technology. Apple also suggests that, due to Apple cooperating with a Korea-based regulatory probe into Qualcomm’s business, the mobile processor-makers have withheld money owed to Apple. An amount of money, Apple says, that runs up to $1-billion in unpaid royalty rebates. This comes three days after the FTC sued Qualcomm for something quite similar. A federal court complaint had to be filed by the FTC at the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Qualcomm as such. This filing had to do with standards-essential patents held by Qualcomm, and Qualcomm’s potential to raise costs for licensing these patents for companies at an unfair rate. In that case, the FTC suggests that Apple was forced to use Qualcomm’s baseband processors exclusively in the years between 2011 and 2016. This case is separate from what Apple is suing Qualcomm for directly. The FTC’s case says, “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors.” “Despite an appeal from members of Congress to refrain from ‘midnight litigation’ with novel and untested legal theories that could damage competition in the U.S., the FTC accelerated the investigation of Qualcomm and directed the filing of the complaint just days before the change of the Administration though only three of five FTC commissioners are in place.” – Qualcomm Statement Qualcomm has processors and/or connectivity technology in almost every single smartphone on the market today. The ubiquitous nature of their business makes it difficult to imagine a world where suits like this do not appear more often. Apple shared the following statement this afternoon about their own suit against Qualcomm. This announcement was made this afternoon, on the 20th of January, 2017. “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” – Apple Statement As mentioned by MacRumors, Qualcomm reportedly “forced Apple to use its LTE chips exclusively” as well as “pay a percentage of the total average selling price of an iPhone for access to Qualcomm patents.” In December of 2016 (the 27th of December, to be a bit more precise), South Korea delivered a $850-million-dollar fine to Qualcomm. The Korea Fair Trade Commission suggested that Qualcomm refused access of a number of standard-essential patents on its chips to companies like Samsung, MediaTek, and Intel. According to Bloomberg, the 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) fine was “the largest ever levied in South Korea.” “The KFTC announced that it intends to issue a corrective order relating to the specific practices at issue and impose an administrative fine of approximately 1.03 trillion South Korean Won (approximately $865 million at current exchange rates). This is an unprecedented and insupportable decision relating to licensing practices that have been in existence in Korea and worldwide for decades and that the KFTC reviewed but did not question in a previous investigation of Qualcomm.” – Qualcomm Statement NOTE: We include both the $854M and $865M amounts here as mentioned by each of their respective sources. Another release suggested the fine ended up being closer to $853M instead. Exchange rates change quick! If and when Qualcomm releases a statement on this Apple suit, we’ll be editing this article and placing it below. Stick around as this and related cases develop. Story Timeline Qualcomm sets hopes on IoT with new Snapdragon chips Qualcomm unveils mid-range SoCs, gigabit LTE, 5G modem chips Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The lowdown on 2017's flagship chip Tags AppleBusinesscourtiOSlegallicensingpatent suitpatentsPhonesQualcommsmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes As chip sales save 2016, Samsung looks to Note 8 for 2017 profit Tesla’s Elon Musk promises 12-18 month hardware upgrades Galaxy Note 7 big reveal: the battery is really to blame Lavabit, the encrypted email once used by Snowden, returns to operation Nintendo Switch will give mobile gaming a much needed boost Latest Headlines Netflix download to microSD card activated: try this Jan 24, 2017 NES Classic Edition returns to GameStop this week Jan 24, 2017 Acer Chromebook Spin 11 launches with Wacom tech, 360 hinge Jan 24, 2017 iOS 10.3 Dev Beta update brings AirPods to Find My iPhone Jan 24, 2017 Galaxy S8 specs tipped to include “Infinity” display, headphone jack Jan 24, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD Controller Review (Gen 2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple sues Qualcomm for nearly $1 billion Apple sues Qualcomm for nearly $1 billion Posted on Friday, January 20, 2017 by CNN in Business News The world’s largest company is suing one of its suppliers for effectively holding it hostage. Apple filed a lawsuit Friday against Qualcomm, accusing it of charging “excessive royalties” and withholding payments in retaliation for Apple cooperating with South Korean regulators that are investigating the chip supplier. Qualcomm, which provides crucial chips used in the iPhone, allegedly charges Apple an unfair amount to to license its cellular patents, according to the lawsuit. Apple is also seeking nearly $1 billion in rebate payments, which it claims have been wrongfully withheld. The previously agreed upon rebates were conditional on Apple putting Qualcomm chips in its products and not pushing litigation that accused the chip maker of unfair licensing practices. “To protect this business scheme, Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them,” Apple said in a statement about the lawsuit provided to CNNTech. Regulators in South Korea fined Qualcomm roughly $850 million last month for forcing phone manufacturers into unfair patent licensing agreements in order to get its modem chips. Apple’s lawsuit comes the same week as the Federal Trade Commission filed an antitrust complaint against Qualcomm for using its position in the market to push “onerous and anti-competitive supply and licensing terms” on cellphone companies. Qualcomm “maintains a ‘no license, no chips’ policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cellphone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s preferred license terms,” according to the FTC complaint. Reps for Qualcomm did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Qualcomm’s stock closed down more than 2% Friday following the lawsuit. President Trump hit immediately with ethics complaint Viral selfie app under fire for sneaky data collection Related Posts Microsoft goes after Apple users with sleek Surface desktop McDonald’s is trying something new: Fresh beef Why American wages may finally go up McDonald’s in Iran? It’s VERY complicated Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Apple sues Qualcomm for nearly $1 billion over unfair practices By Brandon Russell | January 20, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo A few days after the US Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm for anti-competitive practices, Apple has filed a lawsuit against the chipmaker for the same reason. The Cupertino company is suing Qualcomm for nearly $1 billion, arguing Qualcomm has been overcharging for the use of basic patents. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined,” Apple argued, via CNBC. Crucially, Apple says once it began cooperating with Korean officials who were investigation Qualcomm for antitrust practices in 2016, the chipmaker withheld $1 billion in payments. Here is a portion of Apple’s statement: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. In the FTC’s lawsuit, the agency argued that because Qualcomm’s patents are essential to industry-wide standards, they should be licensed out on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) terms. The lawsuits claim Qualcomm is unfairly forcing manufacturers to pay excessive fees. Apple’s statement continues: Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting is business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. For what it’s worth, in its investigation of Qualcomm last year, South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm $853 million for violating antitrust laws. Source CNBC Topics #Apple #Qualcomm Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts Nintendo Switch will sell 40 million systems by 2020, analyst firm says Feds to investigate Nokia complaint against Apple Netflix feature gives you another reason to love expandable storage Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple antitrust suit: Qualcomm overcharged 'billions' Glenn CHAPMAN AFPJanuary 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by Qualcomm's "illegal scheme" (AFP Photo/Ethan Miller)More San Francisco (AFP) - Apple on Friday sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Tech giant Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." The company also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for the iPhone maker's cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chipmaker's actions in that country. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in an email statement. "To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." Qualcomm rejected Apple's claims at baseless, contending the iPhone maker "intentionally mischaracterized" agreements as well as the value of the company's technology. "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world... by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court." The suit charges Qualcomm of building a business model on using its rights to older, legacy technology considered telecommunication industry standards to raise royalties when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," Apple said. - Antitrust woes - Apple noted in the suit that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in an array of countries for selling its smartphone chipsets only to makers agreeing to its "preferred license terms" for essential mobile telecom patents. Apple asked for a jury trial, and for damages including Qualcomm paying the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties it has raked in. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. The Apple filing came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed suit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. South Korea's anti-trust watchdog last month slapped Qualcomm with a record fine exceeding $850 million for abusing its dominant market position as a maker of baseband chipsets used in mobile phones. - Room for rivals - Apple relies on Qualcomm for chip-based modems that enable iPhones and iPads to communicate with telecommunication networks. Apple undoubtedly knows of the antitrust tide rising against Qualcomm and would like to help provide room for rival chipmakers to flourish, perhaps letting Intel improve its position, according to analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy. "I think Apple is not comfortable in feeling that they have only one source and are taking this opportunity to go after Qualcomm," Moorhead said, referring to the mobile device modems. "Qualcomm is being looked at on every continent on the planet; this is probably, strategically, the right time for Apple to do this." While the legal case alleges exclusionary contracts and the idea of being overcharged for licensing, it may well be powered by Apple wanting to ramp up competition to Qualcomm so it can negotiate better deals, the analyst said. Modem chips are separate from processors that act as the brains or graphics engines for mobile devices. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News 2 Boston Grads Disrupted A $19 Billion Industry EverQuoteSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu FALLCOMM Apple is suing Qualcomm for $1 billion Written by Mike Murphy January 20, 2017 Displeased. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Share Written by Mike Murphy January 20, 2017 Qualcomm is not having a great week. After being sued by the US Federal Trade Commission on Jan. 17 for anti-competitive practices—the FTC alleges Qualcomm forced Apple to exclusively use its products in exchange for lower fees—the mobile chip manufacturer is now reportedly being sued by Apple itself for $1 billion. “Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with,” Apple said in a statement to CNBC. “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties.” (Quartz has reached out to Apple to confirm its lawsuit.) The two lawsuits come roughly a month after South Korea’s trade commission levied an $850 million fine against Qualcomm for creating a mobile-chip monopoly, and a little less than a year after China fined the company nearly $1 billion for the same reason. Investors were not particularly thrilled by the week’s news, with the stock dropping about 2% (or $1.50) today, and about 6% this week. Qualcomm wasn’t immediately available for comment on Apple’s litigation, but has called the FTC’s case “significantly flawed.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Apple sues chipmaker Qualcomm for abusing monopolyAFP – Fri, Jan 20, 2017 11:39 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo In its court filing, Apple said it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by Qualcomm's "illegal scheme" Apple on Friday sued Qualcomm, accusing the California chipmaker of abusing its market power to demand unfair royalties, echoing charges filed days earlier by US antitrust regulators. Apple said in the court filing that it has been overcharged "billions of dollars" by its chipmaking partner's "illegal scheme." Apple also claimed Qualcomm owes it a billion dollars but is refusing to pay in retaliation for the iPhone maker's cooperating with South Korean antitrust regulators looking into the chip maker's actions in that country. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in an email statement. "To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." The suit charges Qualcomm of building a business model on using its rights to older, legacy technology considered telecommunication industry standards to jack up royalties when Apple innovates with features such as TouchID fingerprint recognition or digital wallets in mobile devices. "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," Apple said. Apple noted in the suit that Qualcomm's business practices have come under scrutiny by antitrust regulators in an array of countries for selling its smartphone chipsets only to makers agreeing to its "preferred license terms" for essential mobile telecom patents. Apple asked for a jury trial, and for damages including Qualcomm paying the company what it owes plus giving up excessive royalties it has raked in. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to an AFP request for comment. The Apple filing came three days after the US Federal Trade Commission filed suit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm abused its market power in as part of its "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. Top Stories » Rio Tinto sells coal operations to YancoalAAP Rio Tinto will sell its NSW energy coal operations to Chinese-owned Yancoal Australia in a deal worth up to $US2.45 … Microsoft victory in overseas data privacy case standsAFP Peru urges new Pacific trade deal after Trump snubAFP China energy firm expands in crisis-hit BrazilAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Trump TPP Interflora Bourke St driver Travel insurance quote Gorden Kaye Australia energy Meg Lanning Car Insurance Johann Ofner NBN Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms The iPhone maker also says Qualcomm punished it for helping a South Korean probe into the chipmaker's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Sarah Tew/CNET Mobile by Shara Tibken January 20, 2017 1:05 PM PST @sharatibken Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Apple's latest lawsuit target? Qualcomm. The iPhone maker on Friday filed suit against Qualcomm, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple wants a court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." Qualcomm, meanwhile, fired back at Apple's allegations, calling them "baseless." Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm executive vice president and general counsel, said in a statement: Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent [South Korean Fair Trade Commission] decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits. Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to other chipmakers. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property included in those chips. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. See also Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Qualcomm hit with $850M fine in South Korea antitrust probe Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based off the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). Apple says Qualcomm's practices are unfair, as are the clauses in Qualcomm's licensing terms that prevent Apple from seeking out other suppliers or participating in government inquiries into Qualcomm's practices. "This will likely be troublesome for Qualcomm who, by virtue of being so far ahead technologically with so much market share, has a painted target on its back," Moor Insights & Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead said. Monopoly? Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. Master the bokeh effect on the iPhone 7 Plus The dual-lens camera on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is finally showing off its full potential with the update to iOS 10.1. We'll show you what the new portrait mode looks like and how to use it. by Vanessa Hand Orellana 2:09 Close Drag Earlier this week, the US jumped into the fray, with the US Federal Trade Commission filing a lawsuit that accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees, excluding competitors and harming competition. In its heavily redacted complaint (PDF), the FTC said the patents Qualcomm held are standard-essential patents -- technology that is essential to the industry and must be licensed to competitors under fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms (FRAND). But the complaint alleges that Qualcomm consistently refused to license some standard-essential patents to rival chipmakers, in violation of its FRAND commitments. Qualcomm said in response to the FTC complaint earlier this week that it "has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms." 10 10 tips every iPhone 7 owner should know Apple, meanwhile, has been involved in plenty of litigation of its own. The company faced off against Samsung at the Supreme Court in October over a design patent case. Ironically, at issue in that suit was whether Samsung had to pay damages based on the entire value of its infringing phones or only on the portion that infringed. The Supreme Court ultimately decided that damages don't have to be based on an entire device and sent the case back to the lower court. Apple on Friday said Qualcomm charges it "at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." The company added that Qualcomm recently withheld nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple "as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use," the company said in its statement. "We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple filed the lawsuit in federal district court in the Southern District of California, Qualcomm's backyard instead of Apple's home in Northern California. The company has asked for a jury trial. Updated at 1:15 p.m. PT with additional details and Apple's comment. Updated at 2:30 p.m. PT with additional background and analyst comment. Updated at 4:40 p.m. PT with Qualcomm's comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 24 Apple's AirPods dancer shills, oh, for Lexus Jan 24 Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Jan 20 Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Jan 20 Apple's largest laptop adds Touch Bar support for serious design apps All Apple Stories Related Stories LG's G6 phone reportedly has rounded edges and thin bezel Samsung's chips make up for Galaxy Note 7 financial woes Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Verizon stays mum on Yahoo as customer growth rebounds Close   Discuss: Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments The lawsuit follows actions by antitrust regulators in South Korea and the U.S. Martyn Williams (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 09:23 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments A nasty spat between Apple and Qualcomm broke into public view on Friday when the smartphone maker accused the chip supplier of charging "exorbitant" licensing fees for its cellular technology. Apple is asking a Southern California court to order Qualcomm to pay it nearly $1 billion that it says Qualcomm is holding back. Apple says it is owed the money but Qualcomm is holding it back because Apple cooperated with a South Korean government investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices. The lawsuit alleges that Qualcomm charges high licensing fees to the companies that make iPhones for Apple. Those companies pass the fees on to Apple but aren't allowed to show Apple the specifics of the licensing deals, leaving Apple unsure what it is paying for. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." The lawsuit comes just months after Apple began using Intel radio chips in some units of the iPhone 7. And it follows two recent legal actions by antitrust regulators against Qualcomm's licensing practices. In December, antitrust regulators in South Korea levied an $854 million fine against Qualcomm for unfair licensing practices. Qualcomm vowed to appeal the decision. Then, earlier this week, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission followed with allegations of its own: that Qualcomm had engaged in anticompetitive practices by forcing some phone makers into accepting unfavorable licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity. Apple cooperated with the South Korean investigation. It alleged on Friday that Qualcomm withheld nearly $1 billion in rebates as punishment for that. In response to the FTC's lawsuit earlier this week, Qualcomm denied it did anything of the sort and said the FTC's lawsuit is "significantly flawed." "Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," it said in a statement. "The FTC’s allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong." It has not commented on Apple's lawsuit. Role of Financing in the Era of Cloud More from IBM Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Applequalcomm Read next Australian Open taps Invigor and Optus for Wi-Fi analytics Office 365 reigns supreme as most popular Aussie business app ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International Aavara Pro Series Monitor Stands Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 08:00AM ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia 05:12PM HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive 04:06PM PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure 03:51PM Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend More News PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Dell EMC: Behind the makings of a global channel program 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Reuters Published: 20:10 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 20:10 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis Jan 20 (Reuters) - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (Reporting by Diane Bartz in Washington and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Cynthia Osterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager  Nadia Sawalha FINALLY reveals why she has worn the same top eight times in a row on Loose Women... after fans speculated she is PREGNANT 'Sat here in tears!' This Morning host Phillip Schofield exits live interview to bond with heroic four-year old boy who saved his mother's life 'I want to be tiny again!' 'Starving' Lauren Goodger proudly displays 9lb weight loss... after revealing she's living off 'cans of tuna' What a great Tommy Hil-FIGURE! Tanya Burr shows off her fantastic physique in designer swimsuit while larking around during Miami break 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Taking a pop?  'This is a masterpiece': Multitasking Rebekah Vardy is praised by fans for breastfeeding newborn son Finley while getting glammed up in 'inspiring' snap...  Bella Hadid displays her ample assets and pert posterior in semi-sheer number as Kendall Jenner stuns in strapless minidress during PFW Positively glowing! Pregnant Rochelle Humes dresses her blossoming baby bump in eye-catching kaftan for shopping trip  Expecting second child La La Land ties Oscar record with 14 nods and takes on Hidden Figures and Moonlight for Best Picture as Emma Stone rivals Natalie Portman for Best Actress 'The things I'm gonna do to you': Jamie O'Hara and Bianca Gascoigne share a steamy smooch in the CBB toilet... as footballer vows to get her 'in my bed' Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Nostalgic mood 'I'm just not ready to believe it': Carol McGiffin reveals her younger sister Tracy has died just four months after being diagnosed with cancer Danniella Westbrook shows MAJOR underboob in a blue and white tasseled bikini as she suns herself on a yacht in Marbella Spilled out of her bikini  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  'No one is f***ing interested!': Nicola McLean blasts Jedward for acting like '10-year-olds' when they dress up in pizza boxes in the CBB house 'That pain is the deepest': Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals devastating heartbreak over losing four children as nasty trolls call her 'barren' Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she has flown 162K miles, taken 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nom Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels' Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London Looked casually cool  Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend... two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Photographed by Testino The Saturdays' Frankie Bridge flaunts her cleavage in sweet bohemian dress before posing in a leggy beachside snap during Maldives holiday  'There were a lot of midnight snacks!': Joe Pasquale claims Gemma Collins cheated with strict diet on Sugar Free Farm... as he playfully calls her a 'pig' 'What a beautiful moment!': Emmerdale viewers gush over Aaron Dingle and Robert Sugden's 'loving' kiss as assault drama brings them closer together Lily-Rose Depp shows off natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after walking in the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Missed out Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Caution to the wind Kissy for his Missé! Former TOWIE star Jake Hall puckers up with girlfriend Beqiri as she flashes some serious cleavage during Parisian break 'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for dog walk... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Plenty to look at Cheeky! Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Cute pair Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Tongue-in-cheek video 'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Later scooped the Tony Award  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in New York Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram 'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on New interview Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bikini babe Holly Hagan swaps hair extensions and skimpy outfits for the girl-next-door look in a dramatic TV makeover after saying she wants to ditch 'porn star' look Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him 'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills Left her long blonde hair loose  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white... after ZERO received nods last year 'I'm overjoyed!' Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thanks to the Academy Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards Home-grown stars 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance in Beijing Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod  Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime  Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller leaves rehab after one month as her mother says the reality star is 'committed to staying healthy' Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen  Looking low key  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra Love of dressing up began at a young age  Back in the game? Aaron Paul not-so-subtly hints that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul Given the game away I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial Everyone's watching for the ads   Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Sundance Film Festival She's a cover up girl! Carol Vorderman keeps warm in chic quilted jacket as she flashes glimpse of her tanned and toned pins after TV appearance Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock for Longines horserace ceremony  Singer performing his own rendition of Stevie Wonder's hit Superstition is left totally stunned when the legendary singer hits the stage and joins in Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter says she was diagnosed  in September Hoping it will workout? Danielle Lloyd beams as she leaves the gym... after being labelled a 'b***end' by Maria Fowler amid CBB criticism Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley The Teen Mom 2 star posted cute photo  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Living life in the fast lane! Smitten Duncan Bannatyne, 67, and stunning fiancée Nigora Whitehorn, 36, check out a flash Bentley during Paris trip 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm actually chilled!': TOWIE's Megan McKenna claims she's not the 'nutter' people think she is... despite her EPIC meltdowns 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Injured at work 'It was distressing on so many levels': Alesha Dixon gets emotional about animal cruelty in Thailand... as she rocks chic suit for TV appearance Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake and Sting at Oscars after La La Land Best Song nods Trinny Woodall, 52, reveals her 'double cleansing' skincare regime in her latest beauty tutorial (but fans are more interested in her £1,200 bath robe) Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's Couture Paris Fashion Week show Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show 'They call her a s**g!' Courtney Wood trolled over girlfriend Jessica Cunningham's flirty antics with Calum Best on CBB... and he will DUMP her if they kiss 'I was physically and mentally tortured from the age of 12 to 18': Chloe Khan claims her 'abuser' has teamed up with her stalker to hack her Instagram Spencer Matthews praises 'fantastic' Millie Mackintosh after THAT on-screen slap... as he plays it coy on whether she and best bud Hugo Taylor will wed next year EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of child custody battle after battling it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says Meryl Streep sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination By BAZ BAMIGBOYE Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Charlotte Crosby flaunts her cleavage as she poses in JUST a white shirt for racy bathroom selfie... after admitting she wishes her boobs were smaller Bottoms up! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis flashes her pert posterior in a backless swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Sydney Treated her followers 'Feeling so grateful': Crank actress Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old what it's like to be a 'real princess' on children's hospice visit Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Proud mother! Stylish Vanessa Paradis shows her support as daughter Lily-Rose Depp takes centre stage at Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Braless Bella Hadid is extremely bold in a completely see-through ball gown at Christian Dior masquerade bash in Paris Proud of her body American sports broadcaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Underwent emergency surgery 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after joking about phone 'hacking'  The walking wounded: Judy Finnigan cuts a solemn figure as she accompanies injured husband Richard Madeley on a country walk NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year She's not doing it for the money 'He wanted to rob, rape or worse': Kimberley Garner reveals she hid in a wardrobe during terrifying home intruder ordeal in Los Angeles Left her terrified 'If we were lucky enough it would be wonderful': Christine Bleakley's hopes for children with 'amazing father' Frank Lampard... after first anniversary 'I would crawl in bed with him!' CBB's Stacy Francis reveals she'd take things 'right to the edge' with Calum Best but wouldn't have sex with him on TV Find me my Mr. Right! Ferne McCann is dressed to impress in strappy black dress as she films scenes for Celebs Go Dating Dating on television  At least he turned up! Trainspotting's Robert Carlyle is in good spirits for Lorraine... as co-star Ewan McGregor pulls out of GMB over Piers Morgan comments Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to football I'm not listening! David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones with wife Victoria in Paris as they head back to London together Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward, 25, as they celebrate his 37th birthday in Florida On Miami Beach 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Adopted the cat together 'She's a b***end!': Maria Fowler SLAMS Danielle Lloyd as she claims pal Nicola McLean is 'mugging off husband Tom Williams' with flirty CBB antics 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March So nice, she wore it twice... 13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party She hasn't aged a day Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with tune to debut on reality show 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'I want a big wedding': Lauren Goodger talks marriage plans and claims she already knows jailbird beau Joey Morrison better than all her exes Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again  'I will absolutely step up!': Jeremy McConnell insists he will support Stephanie Davis's newborn son if a paternity test reveals he is the father EastEnders fans express shock after horrific bus crash rocks Albert Square... as some viewers brand latest plot 'insensitive' in light of recent terrorist attacks Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'I heard that he might be the dad': Marnie Simpson makes outlandish claim 'Geordie Shore's Scotty T fathered Stephanie Davis' newborn son' 'I nearly broke Jamie's fingers': Rebekah Vardy introduces baby Finley to the world alongside footballer beau as she opens up about difficult labour Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new drama Taboo' Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognisable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture She's outgrown her child actor days 'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian Scarlett Moffatt flaunts her newly-slender figure in shimmering skintight leggings as she enjoys a family trip to Disneyland Paris Big kid at heart 'It will be back this year': Great British Bake Off 'can start filming again after Channel 4 battle with BBC' Ready, set, BAKE Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his GMB appearance 'because he disagrees with host's Women's March protest comments'  Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mother Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband Christian... after giving birth to son Monty Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  The 28-year-old oozed confidence  Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job . The name's Mendes... Mrs Mendes: Bond director weds glamorous classical musician with a hush-hush blessing held at a country church  That's showbiz, kid! Naomi Watts is nominated for WORST actress at the Razzie Awards following Divergent Series: Allegiant and Shut In How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in shearling aviator coat... but doesn't look happy when her flash car receives a parking ticket Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood (and models a £4,550 gown and coat with WELLIES) Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The 41-year-old action star concludes her role Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Has been moonlighting as a 'zombie' warrior EXCLUSIVE: 'He didn't even send a message!' Amir Khan's brother reveals his 'bitter disappointment' after sex-tape row boxer missed his wedding  Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive abs She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line 'I haven't felt safe in my own home': Chloe Khan reveals terror over 'terrible stalker' who hacked her Insta.. as she goes back online after hospital stint She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Treated her daughter  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate in public Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious as she shares tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at club 'There'll never be another Rene': 'Yvette's' tribute to 'Allo 'Allo star Gorden Kaye - the 'shy, gay, overweight boy' who became an unlikely heartthrob - dies at 75 La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Three-night television miniseries  Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store The Danish Girl star looked stylish 'Look how stunning these shoes are!' Katie Price discovers video of mini-me daughter Princess sneakily strutting around in her sparkling black heels PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Looked chic in winter wear What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC Looked every inch the Hollywood star 'This girl is a beast!' Jesinta Campbell earns praise as she shows off her washboard stomach and toned arms skipping in SWELTERING heat Earned praise from fans  Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times 'Together we are strong!' Pregnant Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' Valentine's Day is approaching in just over three weeks... Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Upcoming comedy Warning this royal pud could be seriously bad for your health: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's tv . Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Was naked aside from bikini bottoms PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically dressed pal... days after split from Danielle Campbell Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London As 'Allo 'Allo! fans mourn Gorden Kaye, we look at what the rest of the stars did next (from acting alongside Johnny Depp to starring in Grange Hill)  Who's that Guy? Australian Actor Pearce, 49, looks noticeably lean and tired as he promotes new LGBT miniseries in L.A. SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? US Vogue editor's daughter-in-law poses with visible baby bump   Family first: Olly Murs enjoys a trip to Disneyland Paris with relatives... days after speaking out over his long-running feud with twin brother Ben . 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner 'She really doesn't need to be seeing tweets like this': Rebekah Vardy blocks abusive troll for 'wishing her newborn son was stillborn' 'If I need to change my new implants then I will': Lauren Goodger reveals she's keen to have ANOTHER boob job following weight loss Until she's 'perfect' 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters I'll be ready Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test Showing her stripes! Vlogger Tanya Burr displays enviable hourglass figure in funky high-waisted bikini as she tops up her tan in Miami EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm happily single': Vogue Williams shoots down romance rumours with former Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear Who needs Gigi Hadid? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamour is 'within every woman's reach' Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying  Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child The acting couple are also engaged to be married Millie Mackintosh puts on incredibly leggy display in leather skirt and thigh-high boots as she cosies up to Hugo Taylor at Ralph & Russo party in Paris Stephanie Pratt teases her ample cleavage in semi-sheer lace top as she steps out in style at the Debretts 500 Party in London Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of the BRIT Awards... after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's cancer' 'I was a violent man': CBB's James Cosmo tells Stacy Francis of his dark past in candid heart-to-heart Hollywood star admitted he had a murky past  Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation Nicole Bass and Ross Worswick get steamy on new Ex On The Beach as he licks vodka off her lips... leaving his love interest Harriette Harper fuming Scott Disick's 'ex' Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on Bondi Beach Timothy Spall shows off his newly-slim figure in sharp grey suit as he joins co-star Andrew Scott at the London screening of their new flick Denial Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend EXCLUSIVE 'They're looking in the US': Sam Faiers 'viewing LA mansions after selling her Essex home'... despite family backlash to her moving plans Chloe Ferry 'allowed to leave the CBB house early to honour Geordie Shore commitments'... leaving housemates furious over her 'special treatment' Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Let Him Shine! Graham Norton cuts a dapper figure in a navy wool coat alongside his mother Rhoda in Dublin Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook Kaley Cuoco is not letting the rain stop her from obtaining a healthy spirit What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose In a fresh teaser for next week's episode Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag Melissa George arrives for Schiaparelli Couture show in Paris in first public appearance since alleged domestic violence incident with Jean-David Blanc Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico Supermodel Toni Garrn flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra as she holidays in Mexico  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Red hot! Laura Dundovic flaunts rock hard abs and pert cleavage in TINY string bikini beachside  Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch 'We waste so much time feeling anxious rather than just being in the moment': Singer and TV presenter Alesha Dixon takes our health quiz Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London Well she IS an Angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Tallia Storm teases at her toned midriff in slashed crop top and high-waisted trousers as she makes her glamorous arrival at the Debretts 500 Party Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm . EXCLUSIVE: Ring of fire! Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back to her when he proposed for the second time  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her tattooed baby bump days ahead of due date 'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame in high rise trousers as she promotes Sidney Hall at Sundance Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death 'How will he find us?' Michelle Williams was 'inconsolable' when she moved out of home she shared with Heath Ledger Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose' as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club Expecting with Cheryl Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple depicts Qualcomm as a shady monopolist in $1B lawsuit By Associated Press Published: 20:59 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 20:59 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is suing mobile chip maker Qualcomm for $1 billion in a patent fight pitting the iPhone maker against one of its major suppliers. The 100-page complaint filed Friday in a San Diego federal court depicts Qualcomm as a greedy monopolist abusing its power in a key segment of the mobile chip market to extort royalties for iPhone innovations that have nothing to do with Qualcomm's technology. For instance, Qualcomm demanded royalties on Apple's fingerprint identification system built into recent models of the iPhone and also for larger storage capacities on the devices, according to the lawsuit. Qualcomm denied the allegations. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel. Apple says it has been cooperating with government regulators who have been investigating Qualcomm's business practices, prompting Qualcomm to retaliate by withholding about $1 billion in scheduled payments. "Qualcomm's recent effort to cover its tracks — by punishing Apple for providing truthful testimony at the request of government regulators — underscores the lengths to which Qualcomm will go to protect its extortion scheme," the lawsuit alleges. Apple launched its legal attack three days after the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit alleging Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. Besides cooperating with the FTC's investigation, Apple says it has been providing information about its dealings with Qualcomm to regulators in Europe, South Korea and Taiwan. South Korea regulators last month imposed an $853 million fine on Qualcomm for violating its antitrust laws, a decision that Qualcomm is fighting. Shares in San Diego-based Qualcomm Inc. fell $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to close Friday at $62.88. Those of Apple Inc., which is based in Cupertino, California, ended up 22 cents at $120. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager  Nadia Sawalha FINALLY reveals why she has worn the same top eight times in a row on Loose Women... after fans speculated she is PREGNANT 'Sat here in tears!' This Morning host Phillip Schofield exits live interview to bond with heroic four-year old boy who saved his mother's life 'I want to be tiny again!' 'Starving' Lauren Goodger proudly displays 9lb weight loss... after revealing she's living off 'cans of tuna' What a great Tommy Hil-FIGURE! Tanya Burr shows off her fantastic physique in designer swimsuit while larking around during Miami break 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Taking a pop?  'This is a masterpiece': Multitasking Rebekah Vardy is praised by fans for breastfeeding newborn son Finley while getting glammed up in 'inspiring' snap...  Bella Hadid displays her ample assets and pert posterior in semi-sheer number as Kendall Jenner stuns in strapless minidress during PFW Positively glowing! Pregnant Rochelle Humes dresses her blossoming baby bump in eye-catching kaftan for shopping trip  Expecting second child La La Land ties Oscar record with 14 nods and takes on Hidden Figures and Moonlight for Best Picture as Emma Stone rivals Natalie Portman for Best Actress 'The things I'm gonna do to you': Jamie O'Hara and Bianca Gascoigne share a steamy smooch in the CBB toilet... as footballer vows to get her 'in my bed' Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Nostalgic mood 'I'm just not ready to believe it': Carol McGiffin reveals her younger sister Tracy has died just four months after being diagnosed with cancer Danniella Westbrook shows MAJOR underboob in a blue and white tasseled bikini as she suns herself on a yacht in Marbella Spilled out of her bikini  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  'No one is f***ing interested!': Nicola McLean blasts Jedward for acting like '10-year-olds' when they dress up in pizza boxes in the CBB house 'That pain is the deepest': Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals devastating heartbreak over losing four children as nasty trolls call her 'barren' Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she has flown 162K miles, taken 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nom Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels' Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London Looked casually cool  Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend... two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Photographed by Testino The Saturdays' Frankie Bridge flaunts her cleavage in sweet bohemian dress before posing in a leggy beachside snap during Maldives holiday  'There were a lot of midnight snacks!': Joe Pasquale claims Gemma Collins cheated with strict diet on Sugar Free Farm... as he playfully calls her a 'pig' 'What a beautiful moment!': Emmerdale viewers gush over Aaron Dingle and Robert Sugden's 'loving' kiss as assault drama brings them closer together Lily-Rose Depp shows off natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after walking in the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Missed out Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Caution to the wind Kissy for his Missé! Former TOWIE star Jake Hall puckers up with girlfriend Beqiri as she flashes some serious cleavage during Parisian break 'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for dog walk... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Plenty to look at Cheeky! Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Cute pair Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Tongue-in-cheek video 'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Later scooped the Tony Award  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in New York Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram 'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on New interview Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bikini babe Holly Hagan swaps hair extensions and skimpy outfits for the girl-next-door look in a dramatic TV makeover after saying she wants to ditch 'porn star' look Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him 'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills Left her long blonde hair loose  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white... after ZERO received nods last year 'I'm overjoyed!' Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thanks to the Academy Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards Home-grown stars 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance in Beijing Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod  Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime  Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller leaves rehab after one month as her mother says the reality star is 'committed to staying healthy' Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen  Looking low key  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra Love of dressing up began at a young age  Back in the game? Aaron Paul not-so-subtly hints that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul Given the game away I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial Everyone's watching for the ads   Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Sundance Film Festival She's a cover up girl! Carol Vorderman keeps warm in chic quilted jacket as she flashes glimpse of her tanned and toned pins after TV appearance Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock for Longines horserace ceremony  Singer performing his own rendition of Stevie Wonder's hit Superstition is left totally stunned when the legendary singer hits the stage and joins in Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter says she was diagnosed  in September Hoping it will workout? Danielle Lloyd beams as she leaves the gym... after being labelled a 'b***end' by Maria Fowler amid CBB criticism Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley The Teen Mom 2 star posted cute photo  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Living life in the fast lane! Smitten Duncan Bannatyne, 67, and stunning fiancée Nigora Whitehorn, 36, check out a flash Bentley during Paris trip 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm actually chilled!': TOWIE's Megan McKenna claims she's not the 'nutter' people think she is... despite her EPIC meltdowns 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Injured at work 'It was distressing on so many levels': Alesha Dixon gets emotional about animal cruelty in Thailand... as she rocks chic suit for TV appearance Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake and Sting at Oscars after La La Land Best Song nods Trinny Woodall, 52, reveals her 'double cleansing' skincare regime in her latest beauty tutorial (but fans are more interested in her £1,200 bath robe) Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's Couture Paris Fashion Week show Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show 'They call her a s**g!' Courtney Wood trolled over girlfriend Jessica Cunningham's flirty antics with Calum Best on CBB... and he will DUMP her if they kiss 'I was physically and mentally tortured from the age of 12 to 18': Chloe Khan claims her 'abuser' has teamed up with her stalker to hack her Instagram Spencer Matthews praises 'fantastic' Millie Mackintosh after THAT on-screen slap... as he plays it coy on whether she and best bud Hugo Taylor will wed next year EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of child custody battle after battling it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says Meryl Streep sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination By BAZ BAMIGBOYE Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Charlotte Crosby flaunts her cleavage as she poses in JUST a white shirt for racy bathroom selfie... after admitting she wishes her boobs were smaller Bottoms up! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis flashes her pert posterior in a backless swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Sydney Treated her followers 'Feeling so grateful': Crank actress Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old what it's like to be a 'real princess' on children's hospice visit Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Proud mother! Stylish Vanessa Paradis shows her support as daughter Lily-Rose Depp takes centre stage at Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Braless Bella Hadid is extremely bold in a completely see-through ball gown at Christian Dior masquerade bash in Paris Proud of her body American sports broadcaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Underwent emergency surgery 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after joking about phone 'hacking'  The walking wounded: Judy Finnigan cuts a solemn figure as she accompanies injured husband Richard Madeley on a country walk NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year She's not doing it for the money 'He wanted to rob, rape or worse': Kimberley Garner reveals she hid in a wardrobe during terrifying home intruder ordeal in Los Angeles Left her terrified 'If we were lucky enough it would be wonderful': Christine Bleakley's hopes for children with 'amazing father' Frank Lampard... after first anniversary 'I would crawl in bed with him!' CBB's Stacy Francis reveals she'd take things 'right to the edge' with Calum Best but wouldn't have sex with him on TV Find me my Mr. Right! Ferne McCann is dressed to impress in strappy black dress as she films scenes for Celebs Go Dating Dating on television  At least he turned up! Trainspotting's Robert Carlyle is in good spirits for Lorraine... as co-star Ewan McGregor pulls out of GMB over Piers Morgan comments Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to football I'm not listening! David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones with wife Victoria in Paris as they head back to London together Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward, 25, as they celebrate his 37th birthday in Florida On Miami Beach 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Adopted the cat together 'She's a b***end!': Maria Fowler SLAMS Danielle Lloyd as she claims pal Nicola McLean is 'mugging off husband Tom Williams' with flirty CBB antics 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March So nice, she wore it twice... 13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party She hasn't aged a day Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with tune to debut on reality show 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'I want a big wedding': Lauren Goodger talks marriage plans and claims she already knows jailbird beau Joey Morrison better than all her exes Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again  'I will absolutely step up!': Jeremy McConnell insists he will support Stephanie Davis's newborn son if a paternity test reveals he is the father EastEnders fans express shock after horrific bus crash rocks Albert Square... as some viewers brand latest plot 'insensitive' in light of recent terrorist attacks Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'I heard that he might be the dad': Marnie Simpson makes outlandish claim 'Geordie Shore's Scotty T fathered Stephanie Davis' newborn son' 'I nearly broke Jamie's fingers': Rebekah Vardy introduces baby Finley to the world alongside footballer beau as she opens up about difficult labour Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new drama Taboo' Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognisable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture She's outgrown her child actor days 'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian Scarlett Moffatt flaunts her newly-slender figure in shimmering skintight leggings as she enjoys a family trip to Disneyland Paris Big kid at heart 'It will be back this year': Great British Bake Off 'can start filming again after Channel 4 battle with BBC' Ready, set, BAKE Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his GMB appearance 'because he disagrees with host's Women's March protest comments'  Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mother Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband Christian... after giving birth to son Monty Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  The 28-year-old oozed confidence  Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job . The name's Mendes... Mrs Mendes: Bond director weds glamorous classical musician with a hush-hush blessing held at a country church  That's showbiz, kid! Naomi Watts is nominated for WORST actress at the Razzie Awards following Divergent Series: Allegiant and Shut In How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in shearling aviator coat... but doesn't look happy when her flash car receives a parking ticket Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood (and models a £4,550 gown and coat with WELLIES) Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The 41-year-old action star concludes her role Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Has been moonlighting as a 'zombie' warrior EXCLUSIVE: 'He didn't even send a message!' Amir Khan's brother reveals his 'bitter disappointment' after sex-tape row boxer missed his wedding  Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive abs She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line 'I haven't felt safe in my own home': Chloe Khan reveals terror over 'terrible stalker' who hacked her Insta.. as she goes back online after hospital stint She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Treated her daughter  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate in public Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious as she shares tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at club 'There'll never be another Rene': 'Yvette's' tribute to 'Allo 'Allo star Gorden Kaye - the 'shy, gay, overweight boy' who became an unlikely heartthrob - dies at 75 La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Three-night television miniseries  Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store The Danish Girl star looked stylish 'Look how stunning these shoes are!' Katie Price discovers video of mini-me daughter Princess sneakily strutting around in her sparkling black heels PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Looked chic in winter wear What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC Looked every inch the Hollywood star 'This girl is a beast!' Jesinta Campbell earns praise as she shows off her washboard stomach and toned arms skipping in SWELTERING heat Earned praise from fans  Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times 'Together we are strong!' Pregnant Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' Valentine's Day is approaching in just over three weeks... Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Upcoming comedy Warning this royal pud could be seriously bad for your health: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's tv . Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Was naked aside from bikini bottoms PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically dressed pal... days after split from Danielle Campbell Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London As 'Allo 'Allo! fans mourn Gorden Kaye, we look at what the rest of the stars did next (from acting alongside Johnny Depp to starring in Grange Hill)  Who's that Guy? Australian Actor Pearce, 49, looks noticeably lean and tired as he promotes new LGBT miniseries in L.A. SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? US Vogue editor's daughter-in-law poses with visible baby bump   Family first: Olly Murs enjoys a trip to Disneyland Paris with relatives... days after speaking out over his long-running feud with twin brother Ben . 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner 'She really doesn't need to be seeing tweets like this': Rebekah Vardy blocks abusive troll for 'wishing her newborn son was stillborn' 'If I need to change my new implants then I will': Lauren Goodger reveals she's keen to have ANOTHER boob job following weight loss Until she's 'perfect' 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters I'll be ready Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test Showing her stripes! Vlogger Tanya Burr displays enviable hourglass figure in funky high-waisted bikini as she tops up her tan in Miami EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm happily single': Vogue Williams shoots down romance rumours with former Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear Who needs Gigi Hadid? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamour is 'within every woman's reach' Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying  Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child The acting couple are also engaged to be married Millie Mackintosh puts on incredibly leggy display in leather skirt and thigh-high boots as she cosies up to Hugo Taylor at Ralph & Russo party in Paris Stephanie Pratt teases her ample cleavage in semi-sheer lace top as she steps out in style at the Debretts 500 Party in London Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of the BRIT Awards... after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's cancer' 'I was a violent man': CBB's James Cosmo tells Stacy Francis of his dark past in candid heart-to-heart Hollywood star admitted he had a murky past  Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation Nicole Bass and Ross Worswick get steamy on new Ex On The Beach as he licks vodka off her lips... leaving his love interest Harriette Harper fuming Scott Disick's 'ex' Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on Bondi Beach Timothy Spall shows off his newly-slim figure in sharp grey suit as he joins co-star Andrew Scott at the London screening of their new flick Denial Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend EXCLUSIVE 'They're looking in the US': Sam Faiers 'viewing LA mansions after selling her Essex home'... despite family backlash to her moving plans Chloe Ferry 'allowed to leave the CBB house early to honour Geordie Shore commitments'... leaving housemates furious over her 'special treatment' Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Let Him Shine! Graham Norton cuts a dapper figure in a navy wool coat alongside his mother Rhoda in Dublin Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook Kaley Cuoco is not letting the rain stop her from obtaining a healthy spirit What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose In a fresh teaser for next week's episode Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag Melissa George arrives for Schiaparelli Couture show in Paris in first public appearance since alleged domestic violence incident with Jean-David Blanc Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico Supermodel Toni Garrn flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra as she holidays in Mexico  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Red hot! Laura Dundovic flaunts rock hard abs and pert cleavage in TINY string bikini beachside  Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch 'We waste so much time feeling anxious rather than just being in the moment': Singer and TV presenter Alesha Dixon takes our health quiz Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London Well she IS an Angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Tallia Storm teases at her toned midriff in slashed crop top and high-waisted trousers as she makes her glamorous arrival at the Debretts 500 Party Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm . EXCLUSIVE: Ring of fire! Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back to her when he proposed for the second time  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her tattooed baby bump days ahead of due date 'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame in high rise trousers as she promotes Sidney Hall at Sundance Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death 'How will he find us?' Michelle Williams was 'inconsolable' when she moved out of home she shared with Heath Ledger Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose' as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club Expecting with Cheryl Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple hits Qualcomm with $1 billion lawsuit over patent royalties Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Just days after the FTC declared that Qualcomm engaged in monopolistic practices by strong-arming Apple and other smartphone manufacturers into exclusive agreements, Apple announced it is now suing Qualcomm to the tune of $1 billion. In Apple’s lawsuit, the company alleges that Qualcomm has been jacking up the royalties fees on its patent licenses, and charging Tim Cook’s company hugely inflated fees. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined,” Apple said, according to CNBC. Don't Miss: These mysterious wallpapers make your iPhone dock disappear Apple claims that Qualcomm also retaliated against it after Korean regulators began questioning Apple during an investigation of Qualcomm’s trade practices late last year. Apple says that, by answering the questions of law enforcement in a truthful manner it angered Qualcomm, which proceeded to withhold “nearly $1 billion in payments” that Apple was due. Here’s Apple’s full statement: “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” Qualcomm’s share price has sharply dropped roughly two and a half percent since Apple’s statement was released, and that’s on top of already taking a beating earlier in the week due to the FTC antitrust case. The company has not yet released an official statement. Trending right now: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL These are the dash cams your car has been waiting for Scientists built an AI that is smarter than most adults See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News 2 Boston Grads Disrupted A $19 Billion Industry EverQuoteSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
App Store Contact Multimedia Advertise Podcast Videos News Android Audiobooks Bookselling Digital Publishing e-Books e-Paper e-Readers Libraries Newsletter Reviews Good e-Reader 13.3 Good E-Reader - eBook, Audiobook and Digital Publishing News Get the latest news on e-Books, Audiobooks, Digital Publishing, Manga, Anime and Tablets Canada Passes New Law to Lower eBook Prices January 20, 2017 By Michael Kozlowski 1 Comment The Canadian Competition Bureau has commanded that Hachette, Macmillan and Simon & Schuster have to lower e-book prices. This will result in dramatic discounts from retailers that sell digital books in Canada such as Amazon, Apple and Kobo. John Pecman the Commissioner of Competition said in a statement “”This case is about protecting Canadian consumers and ensuring a competitive and innovative digital economy. I commend Apple, Hachette, Macmillan, and Simon & Schuster for entering into consent agreements that resolve my concerns related to their conduct. As no agreement was reached with HarperCollins, I am taking action today to address its ongoing restrictions on competition in Canada.” The Bureau’s investigation started Apple was accused by the US Justice Department for colluding with publishers to create agency pricing, which created a uniform playing field. At the time, it was thought that if all retailers charged the same price for eBooks, there would be more competition in the field. Sadly, the opposite happened. Within a few short months the average bestseller increased in price from $9.99 to $16.999 and the two year decline in digital sales begun, forcing companies like Sony to exit the field entirely. HarperCollins, Hachette, Macmillan and Simon & Schuster publish the vast majority of e-books that are purchased from major online retailers in Canada. According to documents submitted to me by the Competition Bureau it looks like Apple, Amazon and Kobo are able to sell e-books at a discount and abide by the same wholesale model as print is privy to. I reached out to Kobo to ask how the news was going to affect their business in Canada. CEO Michael Tamblyn stated  “We will review the decision that has been made, and will work with publishers as their terms change. We will continue to offer our customers the best eReading experience here in Canada as we do around the world. Everything we do is for the reader; as always, we will continue to offer Canadian consumers a great selection of books with regular promotions and discounts, taking advantage of these changes to encourage even more people to read digitally.” Canadians will not see e-book discounts right away,  publishing contracts need to be renegotiated and this is going to take time. Consent agreement with Apple Consent agreement with Hachette Consent agreement with MacMillan Consent agreement with Simon & Schuster Michael Kozlowski (6797 Posts) Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.com Related Posts How to get e-book discounts when you buy print Apple, Pearson, and Macmillan Continue to Fight Against eBook Settlement EU Begins to Dismantle Agency Pricing on eBooks Canada Institutes Its Own eBook Terms with Publishers Exclusive: The Canadian Government is Seeking to Destroy Kobo Filed Under: Digital Publishing News, E-Book News Jonah Emery Wasn’t this lower pricing scheme the thing that Kobo said would put them out of business in Canada? What type of news coverage do you like the most from Good e-Reader? Good E-Reader Tweets about goodereader Copyright © 2017 Good e-Reader - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Technology Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Login Subscribe Business Technology AirPods are rare product that lives up to the hype Originally published January 20, 2017 at 2:15 pm Updated January 20, 2017 at 6:16 pm AirPod earbuds inspired enthusiastic word-of-mouth when they reached the market last December. (Courtesy of Apple) The Apple AirPods looked cool and convenient when the wireless earbuds were introduced. Actually using them has shown them to be a lot more to this reviewer. Share story By Jeff Carlson Special to The Seattle Times Practical Mac Hype about a new Apple product is nothing new. The company has built its considerable success partly on the excitement it generates when launching products. When it introduced AirPods wireless earbuds in September, they looked very cool: small, convenient, and imbued with special technology for improving communication between the pods and your iPhone or other device. But they were based on Bluetooth, a short-range wireless protocol that has been in use for quite some time and can be quirky. I’ve owned a pair of over-the-ear Bluetooth headphones from another company for almost a year, and while I appreciate being untethered from my iPhone when listening to music (or watching TV without waking up the rest of the house via my Apple TV), the connection seems to be more fragile in areas with a lot of wireless interference. I didn’t see a compelling need for AirPods. More Tech Reviews DirecTV Now: Free trial, but a hard sell for some Sci-fi fans can use these apps to tap into The Force 9 of the best smartphone apps of 2016 Snapchat’s whimsically goofy Spectacles are worth the strange looks Wacky gifts for the tech-savvy person who has everything Digital delights you can put a bow on And then, when they started to trickle into the market in late December (after a delay), I began to see something unusual for modern Apple, with its deep marketing prowess and industry clout: enthusiastic word-of-mouth. People were excited to use AirPods, and not just the ephemeral type of excitement that comes with buying something new. Really? About Bluetooth headphones? Yes. Let’s start with the exterior. AirPods are the roughly the same dimensions as Apple’s wired EarPods, but with a thicker post. They fit well in my ears; if EarPods have never felt comfortable to you, then AirPods likely won’t either. The surprise about the design is that since there’s no cord attached, they stay in your ears better than EarPods. It seems counterintuitive, since they’re such small things hanging down against your earlobe, but with nothing pulling on them, they’re quite secure. The small flip-open case that holds the AirPods when not in use doubles as a battery charger. The case itself is a battery bank, which you can top off by connecting to power via a Lightning cable. In everyday use, it’s almost as if the battery power is infinite. (Apple says the AirPods last five hours on a charge, and with a case you can get 24 hours of use before you have to recharge everything.) The case is so small that you can keep it close at hand in a pocket, purse or bag. What’s truly great about AirPods, though, is the technology inside. Apple created its own wireless microchip, the W1, that provides a special level of interaction beyond Bluetooth. Case in point: AirPods have the best first-use experience of any Apple product in recent memory. When I took the case out of the box and opened it, I moved it close to my iPhone 7 and the devices immediately paired. That’s it. And because all of my devices are linked to the same iCloud account, the AirPods were instantly paired with my MacBook Pro, iPad and Apple Watch. No messing about with special pairing modes or codes. If I want to listen to something on my iPad, I swipe from the bottom of the screen to bring up Control Center and choose the AirPods as the audio destination; I never had to manually pair them. Curiously, the current fourth-generation Apple TV doesn’t benefit from this magical pairing. I had to pair the AirPods manually using the case, which is the same procedure for getting them to work with any other Bluetooth-enabled devices. The W1 chip and sensors embedded in AirPods allow more interactions. The best, and most natural, is to pause playback when you remove one AirPod from your ear, just as you’ve no doubt done dozens of times when listening to earbuds and someone starts talking to you. As soon as you return the AirPod to your ear, playback resumes. If you remove both AirPods, it’s assumed you’re done with them and playback is paused until you start it again manually. Another unexpected surprise: With no cable connecting the two AirPods, it’s much easier to share audio with someone, even when you’re not in close physical proximity. While my wife and I are at our daughter’s gymnastics class, we each take an AirPod and listen to a favorite podcast that we used to enjoy last year when we had a shared commute. AirPods contain microphones, and I’ve used them often during phone meetings. The microphones let you interact with Siri, which has its good and bad points. Double-tapping either AirPod invokes Siri on whichever device is currently connected (including Macs running macOS Sierra). I’d say this gesture works about 90 percent of the time. The downside is that Siri is the only method of controlling playback volume wirelessly. It ends up being much easier and faster to make the change using my iPhone’s physical volume buttons. I also — painfully — ran across a great tip: When the Siri volume is at maximum, as it was for me, the only way to change the volume of Siri itself is to invoke it and adjust the level while Siri is waiting for you to talk. A slider in the Siri settings would be a welcome addition. And what about audio quality? I find them to be good enough to listen to music and podcasts fairly regularly, but not fantastic. If I want to really dig into the audio quality of something, I’ll use different headphones or speakers. But AirPods certainly don’t sound poor. At $160, AirPods aren’t a casual purchase, one of the reasons I wasn’t initially excited about them. However, the convenience and pure absence of hassle has changed my mind. Jeff Carlson writes the Practical Mac column for Personal Technology and about technology in general for The Seattle Times and other publications. Send questions to carlsoncolumn@mac.com. More Practical Mac columns at www.seattletimes.com/columnists. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Rightside sells eNom business for $83.5M Previous Story Wave Broadband continues acquisition spree, buys Cascade Networks Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms The iPhone maker also says Qualcomm punished it for helping a South Korean probe into the chipmaker's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Sarah Tew/CNET Mobile by Shara Tibken January 20, 2017 1:05 PM PST @sharatibken Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Apple's latest lawsuit target? Qualcomm. The iPhone maker on Friday filed suit against Qualcomm, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple wants a court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." Qualcomm, meanwhile, fired back at Apple's allegations, calling them "baseless." Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm executive vice president and general counsel, said in a statement: Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent [South Korean Fair Trade Commission] decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits. Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to other chipmakers. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property included in those chips. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. See also Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Qualcomm hit with $850M fine in South Korea antitrust probe Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based off the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). Apple says Qualcomm's practices are unfair, as are the clauses in Qualcomm's licensing terms that prevent Apple from seeking out other suppliers or participating in government inquiries into Qualcomm's practices. "This will likely be troublesome for Qualcomm who, by virtue of being so far ahead technologically with so much market share, has a painted target on its back," Moor Insights & Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead said. Monopoly? Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. Master the bokeh effect on the iPhone 7 Plus The dual-lens camera on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is finally showing off its full potential with the update to iOS 10.1. We'll show you what the new portrait mode looks like and how to use it. by Vanessa Hand Orellana 2:09 Close Drag Earlier this week, the US jumped into the fray, with the US Federal Trade Commission filing a lawsuit that accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees, excluding competitors and harming competition. In its heavily redacted complaint (PDF), the FTC said the patents Qualcomm held are standard-essential patents -- technology that is essential to the industry and must be licensed to competitors under fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms (FRAND). But the complaint alleges that Qualcomm consistently refused to license some standard-essential patents to rival chipmakers, in violation of its FRAND commitments. Qualcomm said in response to the FTC complaint earlier this week that it "has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms." 10 10 tips every iPhone 7 owner should know Apple, meanwhile, has been involved in plenty of litigation of its own. The company faced off against Samsung at the Supreme Court in October over a design patent case. Ironically, at issue in that suit was whether Samsung had to pay damages based on the entire value of its infringing phones or only on the portion that infringed. The Supreme Court ultimately decided that damages don't have to be based on an entire device and sent the case back to the lower court. Apple on Friday said Qualcomm charges it "at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." The company added that Qualcomm recently withheld nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple "as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use," the company said in its statement. "We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple filed the lawsuit in federal district court in the Southern District of California, Qualcomm's backyard instead of Apple's home in Northern California. The company has asked for a jury trial. Updated at 1:15 p.m. PT with additional details and Apple's comment. Updated at 2:30 p.m. PT with additional background and analyst comment. Updated at 4:40 p.m. PT with Qualcomm's comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 24 Apple's AirPods dancer shills, oh, for Lexus Jan 24 Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Jan 20 Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Jan 20 Apple's largest laptop adds Touch Bar support for serious design apps All Apple Stories Related Stories LG's G6 phone reportedly has rounded edges and thin bezel Samsung's chips make up for Galaxy Note 7 financial woes Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Verizon stays mum on Yahoo as customer growth rebounds Close   Discuss: Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple to launch 3 new iPads, Pencil 2 in 2017 Apple Apple to launch 3 new iPads, Pencil 2 in 2017 By Sohil Nikam - Jan 20, 2017 Apple is apparently looking to launch 3 new iPads alongside an improved Pencil 2 stylus with magnetic abilities this year. Rumors so far have suggested a spring launch for the tablets, but a fresh report now suggests otherwise. Upstream supply chain sources told DigiTimes that the new 9.7-inch, 10.5-inch, and 12.9-inch iPads may not get announced or released until the second half of 2017. Apple is apparently thinking of letting the first become an entry-level offering for the education sector and have the second replace the current 9.7-inch lineup. The 3 are supposedly still stuck in the planning phase. The 9.7-inch iPad is predicted to hit mass production in Q1 2017. The 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch models are set to follow suit in Q2 2017. The duo might get equipped with a A10X processor and target the high-end segment. Also Read: iPhone 8 to feature 5.8-inch wraparound OLED display, facial recognition The 10.5-inch iPad has hit headlines before for reportedly featuring an edge-to-edge panel. It might not have a home button because of a nearly bezel-less display, with the only border expected to be located at the top for a FaceTime camera. A separate Weibo leak hints that Apple is also going to launch a revamped Pencil 2 alongside the new slates. It’ll apparently come with an in-built magnetic system which will let it attach itself to the tablet. The accessory may even have a pen clip so users can strap it to their pocket or stop it from rolling around a desk. Apple had previously filed for patents which let consumers securely place the Pencil on the bezel or side of an iPad, lending a certain degree of credence to the new rumors. VIAAppleInsider SOURCEDigiTimes TAGS 10.5-inch iPad 12.9-inch iPad 9.7-inch iPad apple Apple Pencil 2 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTango-ready Lenovo Phab 2 Pro makes its way to India Next articleLeica M10 is compact but offers a full-frame 24MP sensor Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple is suing Qualcomm for $1 billion Apple rolls out iOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.3, watchOS 3.1.3, tvOS 10.1.1 This is what the iPhone 8 could look like 245,483FansLike 13,668FollowersFollow 13,518SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More WhatsApp for iPhone gets offline queuing, ups media sharing limit to... Sohil Nikam - Jan 24, 2017 0 Nokia Heart shows up on GFXBench Bindu Nair - Jan 24, 2017 0 Apple is suing Qualcomm for $1 billion Bindu Nair - Jan 24, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple sues Qualcomm over patent royalties in antitrust case Bloomberg Susan Decker, Alex Webb and Ian King 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 8 big lottery winners whose money and luck ran out The 25 best jobs of 2017 Apple filed a lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of monopolizing the market for chips for wireless devices, and of withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with antitrust authorities in South Korea. Popular Searches Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 63.52 +0.56 +0.89% Verizon Communications Inc VZ ▼ 50.12 -2.29 -4.37% Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 101.43 +3.02 +3.07% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 67.40 +0.75 +1.13% Qualcomm has been under fire around the world by regulators for its patent licensing practices. The lawsuit filed Friday is the first direct challenge by one of its biggest customers. Apple is demanding Qualcomm hand over money that was supposed to be a rebate for licensing fees. Qualcomm is holding back the money as punishment for Apple cooperating with Korean antitrust regulators, according to the complaint filed in San Diego, California, where Qualcomm is based. Apple is facing pressure to squeeze more profit out of every iPhone after sales declined last year for the first time since 2001, dragged down by lower sales. It typically sources the same component from several suppliers, which helps secure lower prices by forcing the manufacturers to compete on price. The complaint also challenges the validity of some key Qualcomm patents for wireless technologies. Apple asks the court to rule that, if the patents are upheld, that the royalty amount is significantly lower than what Qualcomm charges now. “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties,” Apple said in a statement. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” Antitrust Investigations In December, South Korea, home to two of Qualcomm’s largest customers, fined the company 1.03 trillion won ($890 million) and described its practices as monopolistic. Qualcomm has said it will appeal the decision. Under the agreement with Qualcomm, Apple said it was forced to refrain from taking any steps to challenge Qualcomm’s business model. Apple complied with investigation demands from Korean regulators, an action Qualcomm claimed was in violation of the agreement. In retaliation, Qualcomm withheld money that it was due to pay Apple in royalty rebates, the iPhone maker said. Qualcomm offered to pay the money “if Apple retracted and corrected its statements to government agencies,” according to the complaint. South Korean regulators aren’t the only authorities investigating Qualcomm. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on Jan. 17 filed its own antitrust suit against Qualcomm. The chipmaker is also being investigated by the European Union and Taiwanese authorities. At the heart of the dispute between Apple and Qualcomm is a push by phonemakers with the support of regulators to reduce the patent royalties Qualcomm charges. The chipmaker gets paid regardless of whether its chips are used in mobile phones or not. One common thread in all of the cases is the contention that royalty rates should be calculated as a percentage of the price of the components in the phone that Qualcomm invents and sells -- measured in tens of dollars. Currently licensing is a percentage of the price of the entire phone, which is usually in the hundreds of dollars. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Trump Inauguration Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Sundance 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Meet Toulouse, The Nigerian Enigma Quietly Killing It This Year 1/20/2017 by Jason Lipshutz FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Mihailo Andic Cover art for "I Will Follow You" by TOULOUSE. "I try to do things differently,” says the soft-spoken, ‘Sister Act’-loving singer connected to Apple and the ‘Fifty Shades’ franchise. Why can’t you see Toulouse’s face in the above picture? Because he hasn’t (publicly) shown it to anyone yet. The mysterious singer-songwriter has yet to play live or take a press photo that reveals his visage, but his name is becoming far from anonymous: “I Will Follow You,” Toulouse’s somber interpolation of Peggy March’s 1963 No. 1 smash “I Will Follow Him,” was featured in an ad for Apple’s iPhone 7 late last year, and a new song, “No Running From Me,” will be included on the star-studded Fifty Shades Darker soundtrack, out Feb. 10. "2017 is so wide-open,” Toulouse tells Billboard. "Last year was a little bit of a runway, and now I can go anywhere I want to. This year is all about building the foundation.” So what do we know about Toulouse? He was born in Nigeria and came to America in 2004, when his family moved to Columbia, Maryland. He graduated from NYU’s Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music, and after working on instrumentals for a handful of commercials, he signed a deal with Immortal Music, Downtown Records’ publishing arm. “I Will Follow You” is only his second officially released song; the first, the rhythmic and sleek “So I Know You Care,” was hailed by Zane Lowe as a ‘World Record’ upon its release last August. And recording “I Will Follow You” was inspired by — what else? — Whoopi Goldberg’s brassy performance of “I Will Follow Him” in the hit 1992 comedy Sister Act. "I try to do things differently — even if I’m mandated to do something a certain way, I will always find a way to twist it up,” says Toulouse, whose “I Will Follow You” was picked up by Apple in September. "For this particular song, I’ve been in love with it for such a long time… My father traveled a lot as part of his work, and he always brings back something for me from other places. One of the things he brought back one time was the DVDs of Sister Act and Sister Act 2. That song was in there, and it was a jam! It made such an impression on me, so I decided to conceive the song in a more solemn direction. With this opportunity with Apple, in hindsight, I made the right decision.” The reaction to the ad sync was instant: “I Will Follow You” opened at No. 2 on Billboard and Clio’s monthly Top TV Commercials chart last October, and has tallied 3.6 million Spotify streams to date. March, who recorded “I Will Follow Him” over 53 years ago, told Billboard of the song, "It’s so well done and Toulouse did a great job. It’s very modern and very pretty. He didn’t bastardize it in any way, and why not have a different rendition?” Toulouse adds, "I’m not a good social media user, but when the ad came out, people replied to the song or commented on Twitter or Instagram. I clicked on a couple of the profiles and was like, 'This is surprising!' Men and women, everybody from every racial background, every age group — I had messages saying how touched they were, how important the song was for them.” Next up for Toulouse: a five-song debut EP coming in February, and a live show to configure, which is set to arrive later this year. Until then, continued facial anonymity -- and a spot on one of the biggest soundtracks of 2017. Along with tracks by Taylor Swift + Zayn, Halsey and Sia, the Fifty Shades Darker compilation will boast a new Toulouse track titled “No Running From Me.” For Toulouse, the major thrill of the Darker soundtrack is seeing his song right next to John Legend’s “One Woman Man” on the track list. “Because of John Legend, I got into songwriting in the first place!” he exclaims. "When I first came to college, I wrote my application essay about a John Legend song [’Show Me’] that inspired me. It’s surreal for me to see our names so close together." FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 20, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Another legal battle between two mobile companies is starting to heat up. Apple today said that it’s suing Qualcomm for $1 billion. The Cupertino company claims that Qualcomm has used its position as a maker of important cellphone chips to ask for “onerous, unreasonable and costly” patent licensing terms. Here’s Apple’s statement on its lawsuit with Qualcomm: “We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” In its complaint against Qualcomm, Apple also says that Qualcomm recently began withholding rebates owed to Apple. A deal between the companies required Apple to give Qualcomm a part of the average selling price of the iPhone and to exclusively use Qualcomm chips from 2011 to 2016. Apple would then get a quarterly rebate from Qualcomm. However, Apple claims that Qualcomm began withholding those rebates in 2016 after Apple met with the Korea Fair Trade Commission. The Korean regulators recently announced that it was fining Qualcomm $853 million for alleged anticompetitive patent licensing practices. Apple says that Qualcomm withheld $1 billion in rebates for meeting with the Korean agency and that Qualcomm tried to get Apple to change its responses and give false info in exchange for those rebates. Apple’s lawsuit comes just days after the US Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm for allegedly using unlawful tactics to retain a monopoly in the supply of a semiconductor used in cellphones. Source:  WSJ iOS Apple Previous ArticleSprint will acquire 33 percent of Jay Z's Tidal streaming music service Next ArticleT-Mobile adding ability to share T-Mo Tuesdays gifts, even with customers on other carriers Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Google pushing new Instant Tethering feature for faster mobile hotspot connections LG G6 rumored to include Google Assistant HTC Halfbeak Android Wear smartwatch appears in new batch of leaked photos Samsung says Galaxy Note 7 fires caused by two battery issues View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 1 day 4 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 1 day 20 hours ago Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 3 days 17 hours ago 14 shares 12 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one Sprint News Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network T-Mobile News T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event Verizon Wireless Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a Verizon telling unlimited Verizon increases upgrade fee to $ Verizon Galaxy Note 7 now Kyocera DuraForce Pro now PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → Qualcomm vs. Everybody  January 20, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Earlier this week, the United States Federal Trade Commission claimed that chip giant Qualcomm forced Apple into using its LTE chipsets, as Aaron Tilley writes at Forbes: Qualcomm is the dominant supplier of modem chips that enable phones to hook up to cellular networks, but the company also extracts licensing fees for nearly every modern phone in the world. The agency’s complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court in the Northern District of California, said the San Diego-based chipmaker used its dominant position to maintain an illegal monopoly over its phone partners like Apple. The FTC said Qualcomm established an exclusivity agreement with Apple from 2011 until 2016. Qualcomm provided “billions” in rebates to Apple for the arrangement. But if Apple bought modem chips from another chip supplier during that time, the FTC said Apple would face large penalties by losing out on Qualcomm’s rebate payments. This year, Apple shipped some iPhone 7s with Intel chips inside, which could possibly fit with this timeline. Today, Apple has sued Qualcomm for $1 billion, as reported by Anita Balakrishnan at CNBC: Apple says that Qualcomm has taken “radical steps,” including “withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” Apple added, “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” Clearly something is going on here. While this may not be as fun to watch as the Apple/Samsung case was, I think this could prove very interesting, and mean wide-reaching changes across the technology industry. Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsorship: StickerBook is an iMessage app that allows you to turn any photo into a sticker right from Messages.     Aqua and Bondi My book about the computer that saved Apple and the road to OS X is on sale now on the iBooks Store and as a PDF. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. Extra goodies: YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Industry Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Lawsuit accuses the world's biggest maker of mobile phone chips of maintaining a monopoly that extracted high royalty fees and weakened competition. Tech Industry by Steven Musil January 17, 2017 5:24 PM PST @stevenmusil Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Qualcomm is accused of anticompetive practices when it comes to licensing its patents. Claudia Cruz/CNET Qualcomm forced Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees, excluding competitors and harming competition, the US said in a lawsuit Tuesday. The lawsuit, filed by the Federal Trade Commission, accuses Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of baseband processors for mobile phones, of maintaining a monopoly over chips for cellular phones through a "no license, no chips" policy. That policy imposed "onerous" supply and patent-licensing terms to extract high royalties from cell phone makers and weaken competitors, the commission said. "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple's business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm's competitors," the FTC said in a statement. The lawsuit continues a pattern of antitrust scrutiny directed at Qualcomm in recent years. Last month, the South Korean Fair Trade Commission hit the chipset maker with an $850 million fine for maintaining an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. In February, China fined Qualcomm almost $1 billion as part of a long-running antimonopoly investigation into the company. In its heavily redacted complaint (PDF), the FTC said the patents Qualcomm held are standard-essential patents -- technology that is essential to the industry and must be licensed to competitors under fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms (FRAND). But the complaint alleges that Qualcomm consistently refused to license some standard-essential patents to rival chipmakers, in violation of its FRAND commitments. "Qualcomm's customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable," the FTC said in its complaint. The company said the FTC's lawsuit is based on "flawed legal theory." "Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," Qualcomm said in a statement. "The FTC's allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong." Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Qualcomm shares fell 4 percent to $64.19 on news of the lawsuit. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Patents Related Stories 'Deceptive' phone-breathalyzer maker must refund $5.1 million SEC said to be investigating Yahoo over data breaches Hugo Barra says bye to Xiaomi, hello again to Silicon Valley ​Former Google search chief now rides with Uber Close   Discuss: Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPad Pro 2 release likely joined by 2 more slates Eric Abent - Jan 20, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit 2016 was pretty light on new iPad models, but if new reports are to be believed, we could be looking at a 2017 that’s packed with iPads. Apple is said to be looking to launch three new iPad models in 2017, with mass production getting underway on all three within the first half of the year. That would open the window to launching all three in the second half, or even earlier if Apple decides it want to get these to market as soon as possible. According to a report by DigiTimes, Apple is looking at launching new iPads with 9.7-inch, 10.5-inch, and 12.9-inch displays. The 9.7-inch model is said to be a more budget-friendly device, while the 12.9-inch device will be the next iteration of the iPad Pro. Apple originally launched the 12.9-inch iPad Pro at the end of 2015, and even though it released a 9.7-inch variant last year, a refresh of the larger screen Pro would definitely be in order. The introduction of these new iPads could bring about a larger shake up in Apple’s tablet lineup. DigiTimes’ sources say that the new 10.5-inch iPad, which may use an A10X chip, will replace Apple’s current 9.7-inch models. The new 9.7-inch iPad will become an entry-level device with components from Apple’s secondary suppliers. On the other hand, the other two iPads will be built with components from Apple’s primary suppliers, reinforcing the notion that they’re more premium devices. Unfortunately, DigiTimes’ report is pretty light on the details, only listing display sizes and naming the A10X chip. Whatever other upgrades will come along for the ride remain a mystery for now. As always, take these rumors with a grain of salt. If Apple is looking to begin mass production on these new iPads in the first half of 2017 like the rumor claims, then it shouldn’t be much longer before we get more information about them – whether that comes in the form of an official announcement or a series of leaks. Stay tuned. SOURCE: DigiTimes Story Timeline 3 new iPads, including bezel-free 10.9in model, tipped for March 10.5-inch iPad in Q2 could minimize effect of dropping sales Surface Pro 3 vs iPad Pro 9.7 vs Lenovo Yoga Book Android showdown New iPad Pro cover could expand its abilities and battery life Tags AppleiPadiPad Prorumorstablets Must Read Bits & Bytes As chip sales save 2016, Samsung looks to Note 8 for 2017 profit Tesla’s Elon Musk promises 12-18 month hardware upgrades Galaxy Note 7 big reveal: the battery is really to blame Lavabit, the encrypted email once used by Snowden, returns to operation Nintendo Switch will give mobile gaming a much needed boost Latest Headlines BMW and Nissan team to boost DC Fast charging stations across U.S. Jan 24, 2017 Netflix download to microSD card activated: try this Jan 24, 2017 NES Classic Edition returns to GameStop this week Jan 24, 2017 Acer Chromebook Spin 11 launches with Wacom tech, 360 hinge Jan 24, 2017 iOS 10.3 Dev Beta update brings AirPods to Find My iPhone Jan 24, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD Controller Review (Gen 2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Sketchy rumor claims iOS 11 will bring long overdue group FaceTime calling Zac Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 1:27 pm PT @apollozac FaceTime iOS 11 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit iOS 11 may finally deliver a highly requested FaceTime feature, according to a new rumor. The Verifier which is a technology blog out of Israel claims Apple is planning to include group video calling for FaceTime starting with iOS 11 later this year. The report cites “several people familiar with [the] iOS development process (partly developed in Israel)” although the rumor has not been verified or floated elsewhere. The site claims Apple will update Messages on iOS to let users start a group FaceTime call with up to five members at a time. FaceTime is currently only supported between two users which has been the case since the feature was introduced in 2010. (The TV show Modern Family actually simulated group FaceTime calling in an Apple-centric episode back in 2015 as part of the plot.) Competing video calling services including Microsoft-owned Skype and Google Hangouts have long had group video calling features, however, Google’s latest video calling app Duo focuses on user-to-user calling like the current version of FaceTime. Apple will likely first unveil iOS 11 and major software updates at WWDC which is usually held in early June. Group FaceTime calling has not been on the radar for this year before this unverified rumor, however, so we’ll have to stay tuned for more on this long overdue feature. Guides FaceTime View THe Guide iOS 11 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple is suing one of its most important suppliers – Business Insider Posted on January 20, 2017 by Business Insider Apple buys wireless chips from Qualcomm and also pays it licenses to use its wireless patents. Apple is accusing Qualcomm of withholding $1 billion in rebates under a deal they had struck to keep Qualcomm modems in Apple products, including the iPhone … Apple Sues Qualcomm Over Licensing PracticesWall Street Journal Apple sues Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion over royaltiesCNBC Apple Sues Qualcomm Over Patent Royalties in Antitrust CaseBloomberg 9 to 5 Mac -Motley Fool -The Verge -TheStreet.com all 53 news articles …read more wrote 25434 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Pokémon Duel is a slick digital board game for your phone – The Verge Apple’s iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, ‘Find My AirPods’ – CNET Apple just revealed a big way Siri is going to take on Amazon Alexa – Business Insider The Huawei Watch 2 is reportedly coming next month – The Verge Google releases final Android Wear 2.0 preview before launch next month – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against major iPhone partner 8.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Apple Store in Portland, Oregon. Image: Alex Milan Tracy/Sipa USA By Pete Pachal2017-01-20 21:26:53 UTC Apple just did the unthinkable: The tech giant is suing Qualcomm, maker of the iPhone's baseband processor — the smartphone's modem for connecting to mobile networks — to the tune of $1 billion. First reported by CNBC, the lawsuit portrays Qualcomm as an extortionist over basic smartphone technology and accuses the San Diego-based chip company of withholding payments to Apple in "retaliation" for cooperating with investigators. Apple's move is related to another legal action from earlier this week, when the FTC filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm, alleging it was using its patents to strong-arm competitors into paying exorbitant patent royalties, even for devices that don't use Qualcomm-made components. SEE ALSO: The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones Apple was prominently named in the FTC lawsuit, which also alleges Qualcomm pressured Apple in specific ways to guarantee it would use its modem tech exclusively for a five-year period, from 2011 to 2016. The agreement essentially shut out every other manufacturer of baseband processors from the world's most popular smartphone, which the lawsuit says unfairly hampered competitors' development. (With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple began producing some iPhones with Intel modems.) Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" In Apple's statement about its own lawsuit, the company says Qualcomm has been charging royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" and that it collects many royalties "for no reason" — essentially accusing the chipmaker of being a patent troll. Apple specifically accuses Qualcomm of withholding "nearly $1 billion" in payments in an act of corporate revenge against Apple, since it cooperated with "law enforcement agencies" tasked with investigating the chipmaker. Those investigations are what likely led to the FTC lawsuit. Apple also gave some detail on just how large Qualcomm's royalties are. According to the company's statement, the royalties Qualcomm collects on the iPhone are five times those of the device's other "cellular patent licensors" combined.  Apple’s lawsuit offers a rare glimpse into the behind-the-scenes dealmaking around intellectual property that goes into building the world’s most popular tech products. While lawsuits over designs and patents happen occasionally, the world’s most valuable company going after one of its own partners, especially one as important to the iPhone as Qualcomm, was something few could have predicted. The lawsuit will certainly have reverberations in the wireless industry for years to come, and could lead to big changes in the cellular modem market as 5G technology — the successor to 4G LTE — takes hold. In 2016, Qualcomm held a whopping 65 percent of the market for mobile baseband modems (and 50 percent of the revenue), figures that could tumble as these lawsuits proceed and competitors pounce. In addition, considering Apple has already begun to use competing modems in the iPhone 7, the incendiary tone of Apple’s statement implies Apple will show Qualcomm the door for the iPhone 8, expected to be unveiled in the fall. Qualcomm responded to Apple's lawsuit late on Friday, with the company's executive vice president and general counsel, Don Rosenberg, calling the accusations "baseless." He also said Qualcomm was eager to have the case go to court since it would involve "full discovery" of Apple's practices, which comes across as a thinly veiled counter-threat. Apple's full statement, sent to Mashable, is below, followed by Qualcomm's, then Apple's full legal filing: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.  Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm's statement: While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits. Updated at 8:40 p.m. ET  on 1/20/17 with Qualcomm's statement. BONUS: Watch what happens when an iPhone 7 is drowned in toothpaste Topics: Apple, iPhone, lawsuit, Mobile, qualcomm, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against major iPhone partner 8.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Apple Store in Portland, Oregon. Image: Alex Milan Tracy/Sipa USA By Pete Pachal2017-01-20 21:26:53 UTC Apple just did the unthinkable: The tech giant is suing Qualcomm, maker of the iPhone's baseband processor — the smartphone's modem for connecting to mobile networks — to the tune of $1 billion. First reported by CNBC, the lawsuit portrays Qualcomm as an extortionist over basic smartphone technology and accuses the San Diego-based chip company of withholding payments to Apple in "retaliation" for cooperating with investigators. Apple's move is related to another legal action from earlier this week, when the FTC filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm, alleging it was using its patents to strong-arm competitors into paying exorbitant patent royalties, even for devices that don't use Qualcomm-made components. SEE ALSO: The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones Apple was prominently named in the FTC lawsuit, which also alleges Qualcomm pressured Apple in specific ways to guarantee it would use its modem tech exclusively for a five-year period, from 2011 to 2016. The agreement essentially shut out every other manufacturer of baseband processors from the world's most popular smartphone, which the lawsuit says unfairly hampered competitors' development. (With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple began producing some iPhones with Intel modems.) Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" In Apple's statement about its own lawsuit, the company says Qualcomm has been charging royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" and that it collects many royalties "for no reason" — essentially accusing the chipmaker of being a patent troll. Apple specifically accuses Qualcomm of withholding "nearly $1 billion" in payments in an act of corporate revenge against Apple, since it cooperated with "law enforcement agencies" tasked with investigating the chipmaker. Those investigations are what likely led to the FTC lawsuit. Apple also gave some detail on just how large Qualcomm's royalties are. According to the company's statement, the royalties Qualcomm collects on the iPhone are five times those of the device's other "cellular patent licensors" combined.  Apple’s lawsuit offers a rare glimpse into the behind-the-scenes dealmaking around intellectual property that goes into building the world’s most popular tech products. While lawsuits over designs and patents happen occasionally, the world’s most valuable company going after one of its own partners, especially one as important to the iPhone as Qualcomm, was something few could have predicted. The lawsuit will certainly have reverberations in the wireless industry for years to come, and could lead to big changes in the cellular modem market as 5G technology — the successor to 4G LTE — takes hold. In 2016, Qualcomm held a whopping 65 percent of the market for mobile baseband modems (and 50 percent of the revenue), figures that could tumble as these lawsuits proceed and competitors pounce. In addition, considering Apple has already begun to use competing modems in the iPhone 7, the incendiary tone of Apple’s statement implies Apple will show Qualcomm the door for the iPhone 8, expected to be unveiled in the fall. Qualcomm responded to Apple's lawsuit late on Friday, with the company's executive vice president and general counsel, Don Rosenberg, calling the accusations "baseless." He also said Qualcomm was eager to have the case go to court since it would involve "full discovery" of Apple's practices, which comes across as a thinly veiled counter-threat. Apple's full statement, sent to Mashable, is below, followed by Qualcomm's, then Apple's full legal filing: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.  Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm's statement: While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits. Updated at 8:40 p.m. ET  on 1/20/17 with Qualcomm's statement. BONUS: Watch what happens when an iPhone 7 is drowned in toothpaste Topics: Apple, iPhone, lawsuit, Mobile, qualcomm, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion in Unpaid Royalty Rebates Friday January 20, 2017 1:12 pm PST by Juli Clover Following an FTC complaint alleging Qualcomm engaged in anticompetitive patent licensing practices, Apple has filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm claiming the company has charged unfair royalties for "technologies they have nothing to do with." According to a statement Apple shared with several news sites, Qualcomm "reinforces its dominance" through exclusionary tactics and high patent licensing fees. Apple's full statement is below: "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts."In the lawsuit, filed in a federal district court in the Southern District of California, Apple accuses Qualcomm of using its position as the supplier of a key iPhone component to drive up patent licensing fees. Qualcomm supplies the LTE modems used in Apple's line of iPhones, and up until 2016, the company was Apple's sole supplier. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus use modems from both Qualcomm and Intel. Qualcomm reportedly forced Apple to use its LTE chips exclusively in iOS devices and pay a percentage of the total average selling price of an iPhone for access to Qualcomm patents. Qualcomm is supposed to provide Apple with quarterly rebates, but has failed to do so for the past year because of Apple's participation in an antitrust investigation against Qualcomm in South Korea. That investigation led to an $850+ million fine against Qualcomm for anticompetitive licensing practices. Apple is seeking $1 billion in rebate payments that have been withheld. Earlier this week, the United States Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm that focused in part on Apple and Qualcomm's licensing deals. According to the FTC, Qualcomm imposes "onerous and anticompetitive supply and licensing terms" on its smartphone partners by abusing its patent portfolio. Qualcomm has said it has "grave concerns" about the lack of evidence supporting the FTC's allegations and has promised to defend itself in federal court. Tags: lawsuit, Qualcomm [ 127 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Kaibelf 4 days ago at 01:31 pm Lol, Apple, hustling till it's last breath. Get a life Get a life? Any person or company worth its salt should expect a contract to be honored. If the payments are due, then they should be paid, period. Maybe your word is mud, but to normal people a deal is a deal. Rating: 34 Votes samcraig 4 days ago at 01:16 pm I hope these bullies get a comeuppance! Both companies are bullies. Rating: 24 Votes Orlandoech 4 days ago at 01:34 pm Good on Apple for taking a stand. Funny how when Apple sues someone, people like you say "Good for Apple", then when people/companies sue Apple it's "frivolous case". Rating: 23 Votes cfunk 4 days ago at 01:41 pm That's purposefully misleading. Qualcomm is not charging Apple royalties for Apple's own technologies. Well, they are to an extent. Qualcomm is getting royalties based on the selling price. The more non-Qualcomm tech they put into the iPhone, potentially driving up the price, the more Qualcomm receives, even though the cost of their components in the phone is likely decreasing. Rating: 19 Votes Headrush69 4 days ago at 01:43 pm That's purposefully misleading. Qualcomm is not charging Apple royalties for Apple's own technologies. If their royalties are based on a percentage of the phone, they actually are. If I introduce a new phone and the only difference is has a bigger screen for example, why should any patent company get more $$$ for the exact same chip used? Rating: 16 Votes kdarling 4 days ago at 02:15 pm RE: charging royalties by price of phone. This is actually not unusual for patent royalties; they can be a percentage of a company's revenue. More to the point, it's EXTREMELY common for cellular SEPs (standard-essential patents). This was done partly in order to encourage lower prices on phones, to get more phones into the hands of the public. (In essence, companies with bigger profits subsidize cheaper phones, where $2 profit on a $40 phone cannot possibly pay full royalties.) And it worked. In a fairly short period, billions on the planet had phones. Guess who took advantage of that huge infrastructure and market that they had no part in creating? Yep, Apple, who has made many billions in profit even after paying royalties. -- Besides the fact that percentage of price is the normal contract for these kind of FRAND patents, here are two important notes that people need to know: 1. Royalty as a percentage of sales was specifically allowed by the DOJ. I tracked down the original approval document back when this was originally questioned: 2. Just as with taxes, Apple cleverly avoided paying full royalties anyway, by lowering the "price of the phone". Insiders claim that Apple only pays Qualcomm a percentage of the price Apple pays for each iPhone AT THE FOXCONN FACTORY, which was around $250 last time I checked on this a few years ago.... NOT on what Apple themselves resell the phone for later on, which is of course hundreds of dollars higher. So all that whining about poor Apple "paying extra for their technology" amounts to a few dimes per device... and is nothing compared to how much Apple gouges its own customers. For instance, Apple charges its customers hundreds of dollars for extra storage which only costs Apple a few dollars. Yet Apple only pays Qualcomm a few cents more because the percentage is based on Apple's Foxconn cost, not their final customer profit. Rating: 14 Votes BasicGreatGuy 4 days ago at 01:21 pm Good on Apple for taking a stand. Rating: 13 Votes r03dz 4 days ago at 01:27 pm This is hilarious. Apple is a huge bully of a company. Rating: 11 Votes WRChris 4 days ago at 01:41 pm Funny how when Apple sues someone, people like you say "Good for Apple", then when people/companies sue Apple it's "frivolous case". You can't blindly say all lawsuits are frivolous just because some are. Did you read the article or skip to the comments? Rating: 10 Votes eagle33199 4 days ago at 01:49 pm That's purposefully misleading. Qualcomm is not charging Apple royalties for Apple's own technologies. Actually, what Qualcomm charges is based on Apple's own technologies. Qualcomm doesn't charge a set fee. If they did, then that would be a fee for their technologies, not Apple's. Instead, as the article states, they charge a percentage of the average selling price of the device. Part of that selling price is due to Apple's own technologies. If we look at the iPhone and say TouchID is worth $50 (just picking a number here) out of the total sale price, then shy should Qualcomm get a percentage of that $50? Rating: 9 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Apple Forecasted to Report Record Earnings Next Week, but Will iPhone 8 Keep Driving Growth? 2 hours ago on Mac Blog Barclays estimates that Apple will report a record-breaking $76.6 billion in revenue when it announces its earnings results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 on January 31. Apple reported... 16 comments Developers Able to Respond to Customer Reviews in iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 2 hours ago on iOS Blog Alongside iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4, Apple is introducing new App Store review features for developers. Going forward, developers will be able to respond to customer reviews on the App... 23 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of tvOS 10.2 to Developers 3 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2 update to developers for testing purposes, one month after releasing tvOS 10.1, the first major update to the tvOS 10 operating system. tvOS... 17 comments The Pokémon Company Releases New 'Pokémon Duel' Strategy Game for iOS 4 hours ago on iOS Blog The Pokémon Company today launched its newest game designed for iOS devices, debuting Pokémon Duel. Pokémon Duel is a strategy board game where the goal is to collect a range of different... 3 comments Gamevice Reveals New and Improved Gaming Controllers for iPhone 7, iPad Pro, iPad Air, and iPad mini 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Accessory maker Gamevice today debuted a collection of new mobile gaming controllers for the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPad Pro 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch, iPad Air, and iPad mini, which all come with... 13 comments Ford Hires Apple Marketing Director Musa Tariq as Brand Leader 6 hours ago on Mac Blog Ford today announced it has hired Musa Tariq as a Vice President and its Chief Brand Officer starting January 30. Tariq will work with Ford's marketing and communication departments to... 14 comments Robotics and Machine Learning Expert Yoky Matsuoka Returning to Nest After Leaving Apple 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Last May, Apple hired Nest's former Vice President of Technology, Yoky Matsuoka, to help run the company's health initiatives, but she ended up leaving Apple towards the end of 2016. Matsuoka... 25 comments Modular Band Links Could Expand Functionality of Future Apple Watches 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple continues to explore how wristbands might augment the feature list of future smartwatch models, as shown in a new patent granted today. First picked up by AppleInsider, the U.S. Patent and... 15 comments • Record Chip Profits Boost Samsung's Fourth Quarter Earnings (30) • WhatsApp 2.17.1 Ups Bulk Media Message Limit, Adds Offline Message Queueing and Storage Management (8) • Pokémon Go Makes a Late Debut in South Korea (11) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.5.5 With 'Minor App and Performance Improvements' (45) • Apple Finally Releases New Apple Watch Update, watchOS 3.1.3 (80) • Apple Releases tvOS 10.1.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV (23) • Sprint Buys 33% of Jay Z's Streaming Music Service Tidal, Plans Exclusives for Customers (39)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Skate Lines 2' from Agens Turns into 'Skate City' and is Being Co-Developed by 'Alto's Adventure' Creator Built By Snowman Promising 'Tap Summoner' Is Soft-Launching This Week iOS 10.3 Will Let Developers Respond to App Store User Reviews There's Now a Gamevice for iPad Pro 12.9, What Will Science Come up With Next?! 'Dog Sled Saga' Review  Perfectly Pleasant Pupper Racing Hands-On with 'Flappy Bird' Creator's Next Game, 'Ninja Spinki Challenges!' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
App Store Contact Multimedia Advertise Podcast Videos News Android Audiobooks Bookselling Digital Publishing e-Books e-Paper e-Readers Libraries Newsletter Reviews Good e-Reader 13.3 Good e-Reader January 20, 2017 • no comments Apple to end Exclusivity with Audible for Audiobooks Audible has been the exclusive provider for audiobooks on the Apple platform since 2003. Whenever you browsed iTunes and then iBooks, all of the audio editions that were listed all stemmed from the same provider. This partnership recently came under fire from the German Publishing Association and after a year of discussions with the European Commission, Apple and Amazon have agreed to terminate their existing deal. At the time of the complaint in November 2015, Alexander Skipis, the head of the German Book Trade body, said: “The business model of Amazon and Audible is aimed at destroying the excellent book trade structure in Germany. These companies are avowedly on the way to establish a monopoly.” He went on to say that Audibles dominant market position to force publishers to accept “unreasonable conditions.” In its statement, Bundeskartellamt president Andreas Mundt echoed the European Commission and praised the joint moves of both companies. “With the deletion of the exclusivity agreement Apple will now have the opportunity to purchase digital audiobooks from other suppliers. This will enable a wider range of offer and lower prices for consumers,” Mundt said. “After conducting intensive market investigations and due to the close cooperation with the European Commission in this case, the Bundeskartellamt was able to close these proceedings without a formal decision.” There are a few reasons why the German publishing industry cracked down on Apple and Audible. The main reason is that in Germany these two companies have corner stoned the market and represent 90% of all audiobook sales.  Audible also basically invented the audiobook format and many publishers turn to the Amazon owned company to distribute their titles to the widest possible network. The final reason is author royalties, there is no set in stone royalty rate for publishers, authors and people who use the ACX platform to self-publish titles. I have serious reservations that Apple will truly start to source audiobooks from anywhere else, other than Audible.  Apple will likely have to create a totally new submission system and integrate it directly into iBooks. Consumers are the ones who might benefit from this deal, as audiobook prices will come down due to the rise of competition among providers. Remember, audiobooks do not abide by agency pricing, so retailers can discount them and take a loss. Michael Kozlowski (6797 Posts) Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.com Share Tweet Pin Mail previous post News Republic Releases A New Customized App for Samsung Smartphones next post Canada Passes New Law to Lower eBook Prices Back to top mobile desktop
Apple files lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of withholding patent royalties | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience,… Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2… Pokémon Duel released for iOS Report: India likely to reject Apple’s… Apple releases iTunes 12.5.5 Apple releases tvOS 10.1.1, watchOS 3.1.3 REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… Using the Digital Crown to peek at your Apple… Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Flux 6, Lifetime License Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree… Daily Deal: FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth… Daily Deal: SelectTV by FreeCast, 1-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Extra-Long MFi-Certified 2-in-1… Daily Deal: Next FlipBook Maker Pro for Mac GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple files lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of withholding patent royalties By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 4 days ago Apple has filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, accusing it of monopolizing the wireless chip market as well as withholding $1 billion in retaliation for cooperating with South Korean antitrust authorities, Bloomberg reports. In the suit, Apple claims that Qualcomm is holding back $1 billion in money that was supposed to be a rebate for licensing fees, stating that Qualcomm is doing so as a punishment in response to Apple’s cooperation with Korean antitrust regulators. Apple is also challenging several key Qualcomm wireless technology patents in the complaint, asking the court to either declare the patents invalid, or if they are upheld, to significantly reduce the royalty amounts that Qualcomm is presently charging for their use. In December, the South Korean government fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($890 million), describing its practices as monopolistic. As part of that proceeding, Apple complied with investigation demands from Korean regulators, which Qualcomm claimed was in violation of the contractual agreement it had preventing Apple from taking any steps to challenge Qualcomm’s business model. According to Apple, Qualcomm withheld money that it owed Apple in royalty rebates, offering to pay the money only “if Apple retracted and corrected its statements to government agencies.” The U.S. Federal Trade Commission also filed an antitrust complaint against Qualcomm earlier this week, and the company is also being investigated by the European Union and Taiwanese authorities. In a statement, Apple said “Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” Comments « Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree Earbuds Apple releases updated iOS Developer Design Resources » Related Stories iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Report: India likely to reject Apple’s tax break requests Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 Foxconn considering $7B investment in ‘highly automated’ U.S. facility for Apple Apple releases updated iOS Developer Design Resources Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Pokémon Duel released for iOS Report: India likely to reject Apple’s tax break requests Apple releases iTunes 12.5.5 Apple releases tvOS 10.1.1, watchOS 3.1.3 Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 Foxconn considering $7B investment in ‘highly automated’ U.S. facility for Apple KGI: 3D Touch upgrade coming in new iPhone, Touch ID and facial recognition upgrades in future model Apple files lawsuit accusing Qualcomm of withholding patent royalties Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Shares Of Pacific Premier Bancorp (NASDAQ:PPBI) Rated As Mkt Perform By Analysts At FBR & Co. Shares Of ResMed Inc (NYSE:RMD) Rated As Hold By Analysts At Canaccord Genuity Performance Food Group downgraded to Equal Weight By Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Indicates Potential 16.08% Increase In Shares Of Open Text Corporation Benchmark Indicates Potential 13.96% Increase In Shares Of II-VI Incorporated Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Fri, Jan 20th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Macquarie Research Indicates Potential 23.47% Increase In Shares Of Apple Inc. On Friday Macquarie Research reiterated its broker consensus on shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) giving the company a ‘Outperform’ rating. Macquarie Research gave shares of Apple Inc. a price target of 148 indicating a potential increase of 23.47% from Apple Inc.’s current price of 119.87. In the prior 12 months Apple Inc.’s stock price has increased by 26.61% from 94.68 to 119.87. Apple Inc. has 5,332,312,000 shares in issue which have a share price of 119.87 giving Apple Inc. a market capitalisation of 639.18B USD . The 52 week high of Apple Inc.’s shares is 120.5 whilst the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 89.47. The 50 day moving average of NASDAQ:AAPL is 115.87 and the 200 day moving average is 110.48. Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp. More from Reuters » Receive Apple Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Shares Of Pacific Premier Bancorp (NASDAQ:PPBI) Rated As Mkt Perform By Analysts At FBR & Co. Shares Of ResMed Inc (NYSE:RMD) Rated As Hold By Analysts At Canaccord Genuity Performance Food Group downgraded to Equal Weight By Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Indicates Potential 16.08% Increase In Shares Of Open Text Corporation Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldApplications Are Now Open For Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today! Hardware Doppler Labs taps former Microsoft corporate devices head for COO, says Here One will ship Feb. 21 Google Home builds out its ecosystem with Honeywell and Belkin WeMo support Google launches the fifth and final dev preview of Android Wear 2.0 ahead of February launch Browse more... Apple Apple will finally let developers respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3 beta with “Find My AirPods” Crunch Report | Sprint Takes 33% Stake in Tidal Browse more... Qualcomm Qualcomm stock takes a sharp hit on heels of Apple and FTC filings Qualcomm fires back against Apple over lawsuit and FTC action Crunch Report | Apple Suing Qualcomm for $1 Billion Browse more... iPhone Celebrate the iPhone’s 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement What if the iPhone had never arrived? Apple’s new ad shows off the Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 Plus Browse more... Apple files a billion-dollar royalty suit against Qualcomm Posted Jan 20, 2017 by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Weekly Roundup: Zuckerberg defends Oculus in court, Obama commutes Chelsea Manning sentence What started as a rough week for Qualcomm just got worse. Apple is piling onto the lawsuit train just ahead of the weekend, following in the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s footsteps with a roughly billion-dollar suit against the San Diego-based mobile chipmaker. Apple was specifically named in the recent FTC filing, which accused Qualcomm of engaging in an anti-competitive “no license, no chips” policy, which jacked up licensing fees on patents and forced phone makers to pay more for using competitors’ processors. In the words of the FTC earlier this week: Qualcomm precluded Apple from sourcing baseband processors from Qualcomm’s competitors from 2011 to 2016. Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors. Apple’s own $1 billion suit accuses Qualcomm of charging for patents “they have nothing to do with,” citing TouchID, displays and cameras as categories where the component maker has allegedly stifled innovation by making licensing more costly. Apple adds, in a statement provided to TechCrunch: Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. The suit follows a number of other international legal proceedings for Qualcomm across the world, including large fines in South Korea and China. We’ve reached out to the company for comment. Featured Image: Kzar/Wikimedia Commons UNDER A CC BY-SA 4.0 LICENSE 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Qualcomm Founded 1985 Overview Qualcomm is an American fabless semiconductor company that designs, manufactures, and markets digital wireless telecommunications products and services. It produces processors and connectivity solutions, displays, software, and charging products. The company is focused on various industries: automotive, education, healthcare, Internet of Everything, mobile computing, networking, smart cities, smart … Location San Diego, CA Categories Wireless, Telecommunications, Manufacturing, Mobile Website http://www.qualcomm.com Full profile for Qualcomm Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Sprint Takes 33% Stake in Tidal | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Qualcomm iPhone Apple Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Apple will finally let developers respond to App Store reviews 1 hour ago | Sarah Perez Airbnb is in talks to acquire social payments startup Tilt 2 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Microsoft names LinkedIn SVP Kevin Scott as CTO 4 hours ago | Brian Heater Alibaba smashes estimates as revenue jumps 54% to $7.67 billion 9 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Here’s how Chevrolet built a practical electric vehicle with the 2017 Bolt EV 2 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington It’s called virtual “reality” for a reason 21 minutes ago | Tim Chang Doppler Labs taps former Microsoft corporate devices head for COO, says Here One will ship Feb. 21 1 hour ago | Lucas Matney Vestiaire Collective raises $62 million for its pre-owned fashion marketplace 1 hour ago | Romain Dillet Comment moderation powered by Up Next Weekly Roundup: Zuckerberg defends Oculus in court, Obama commutes Chelsea Manning sentence Posted Jan 20, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Account Manager at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) Demand Generation Manager at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) Lead Data Scientist at BCG Digital Ventures (Manhattan Beach, CA, United States) Lead Solution Architect at BCG Digital Ventures (Manhattan Beach, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer at Growbot (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Airbnb is in talks to acquire social payments startup Tilt 2 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Apple will finally let developers respond to App Store reviews 1 hour ago by Sarah Perez Chan Zuckerberg Initiative acquires and will free up science search engine Meta yesterday by Josh Constine Microsoft names LinkedIn SVP Kevin Scott as CTO 4 hours ago by Brian Heater Energy is the new new internet yesterday by Brian Lakamp Target will launch its own mobile payments system this year 3 hours ago by Sarah Perez Streamer numbers and incomes are rising healthily, according to data from popular tool 2 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Hyperloop Transportation Technologies to open up facility in Toulouse, France 9 hours ago by Romain Dillet Alibaba smashes estimates as revenue jumps 54% to $7.67 billion 9 hours ago by Jon Russell D-Wave ups its quantum annealing game to 2000 qubits 3 hours ago by John Mannes
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Wireless Carriers Round-Up The Best AT&T Phones of 2017 (Including Exclusives) by Philip Michaels Jan 20, 2017, 12:42 PM $794.99 AT&T $869.99 AT&T $829.99 AT&T $794.99 AT&T $448.99 AT&T $449.99 AT&T $53.99 AT&T $149.99 AT&T $44.99 AT&T $26.99 AT&T $298.99 AT&T Latest in Wireless Carriers Opinion Why I’m Dumping AT&T for T-Mobile by Sam Rutherford Jan 11, 2017, 4:08 PM Best Picks Best Cellphone Plans 2017 by Stewart Wolpin Jan 10, 2017, 3:14 PM Buying Guide Best Verizon Plans: What's Right for You? by Philip Michaels Jan 10, 2017, 3:02 PM Buying Guide Best T-Mobile Plans: What's Right for You? by Philip Michaels Jan 10, 2017, 2:29 PM News The Most Expensive Carrier Just Raised Its Fees by Don Reisinger Jan 9, 2017, 3:31 PM News SureCall Flare Boosts Your Cellular Signal in Style by Philip Michaels Jan 6, 2017, 2:44 PM Find the Best Phones Available at AT&T Picture 1 of 13 When you peruse AT&T's selection of phones, you'll find devices from Apple, Samsung, LG and more. But AT&T also features phones you won't find anywhere else — it's the only carrier to offer Samsung's durable Galaxy S7 Active — and if you're looking to keep your phone costs down, there’s a number of budget handsets, particularly under AT&T's prepaid GoPhone offerings. Here's a closer look at the best smartphones AT&T has to offer based on our reviews and analysis. Galaxy S7 Edge Picture 2 of 13 There's a reason we ranked Galaxy's 5.5-inch phone as both our top smartphone overall and the best camera phone. The 12-megapixel dual-pixel sensor in the Galaxy S7 Edge's camera speeds up autofocus and the wide f/1.7 aperture lets in more light for great photos even when you're shooting in the dark. The phone itself is a workhorse, too, with a beefy Snapdragon 820 processor and a battery that lasted more than 10 hours on our test. You can save a little money by opting for the Galaxy S7, also available through AT&T, which lacks the Edge's curved screen, but still features the same great camera. READ THE FULL REVIEW iPhone 7 Plus Picture 3 of 13 If you're firmly on the iPhone side of the Android-vs.-iOS debate, AT&T has you covered with both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. We think the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus is the better buy, thanks to its dual rear cameras that offer true optical zoom. Apple also widened the aperture from previous iPhones so the latest models now take better photos in low-light conditions. The iPhone 7 Plus is water-resistant, and it lasts longer on a charge than its smaller brother. READ THE FULL REVIEW LG V20 Picture 4 of 13 LG's 5.7-inch V20 is  a good option for fans of phablets, particularly those who rely on their phone to create content. The V20 features dual rear cameras with some of the best manual camera controls you can find on a smartphone. High-gain microphones make sure to pick up every sound when you're shooting video. The V20 also offers a handy second screen for accessing commonly used apps and settings. READ THE FULL REVIEW Galaxy S7 Active Picture 5 of 13 If you want a phone that can take a beating, look no further than Samsung's Galaxy S7 Active, which can survive 5-foot drops and withstand dunks in 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. And you'll only have to look at AT&T to find the S7 Active, since this device is exclusive to the carrier. Durability may be the S7 Active's main calling card, but you'll also get a long-lasting battery, excellent camera and a design that doesn't sacrifice looks in the name of ruggedness. READ THE FULL REVIEW Kyocera DuraForce XD Picture 6 of 13 Talk about tough. The DuraForce XD can handle 4-foot drops with ease, and it's also able to survive a 30-minute dip in up to 6 feet of water. (Just make sure the back panel — which you can remove to swap out the battery — is firmly in place before your phone goes into the drink.) If what you want is a phone that can survive a challenging workday without a fancy processor or camera, the DuraForce XD is a solid S7 Active alternative. READ THE FULL REVIEW iPhone SE Picture 7 of 13 Who needs a phone with a ginormous screen? The iPhone SE sports a 4-inch screen that fits easily into the palm of your hand. You won't sacrifice too much in the way of features for this more compact phone. It has the same processor and 12-megapixel camera you'll find in the iPhone 6s (which AT&T also offers), though it does lack the 3D Touch capabilities of Apple's larger phones. Still, the low price tag means you don't have to pay a premium for the iOS experience. READ THE FULL REVIEW ZTE ZMax 2 Picture 8 of 13 Bargains can be had if you're willing to go with AT&T's prepaid service. (And there's no reason not to, really: by our estimation, AT&T currently offers the best prepaid cellphone plan for individuals, with 4GB of LTE data for $40 a month.) ZTE's ZMax 2 is a bargain in its own right, with a 5.5-inch display and a battery that lasted more than 9 hours in our test — a pretty impressive result for a budget model. If you like blasting music or videos, you'll also love the sound you get from the ZMax 2's Dolby Audio speakers. READ THE FULL REVIEW LG K10 Picture 9 of 13 The most noteworthy feature about the LG K10 is the lack of a dent it will leave in your bank account. AT&T lets you pay off the phone in $5 monthly installments over 30 months. (You also can buy the K10 outright for $149.) You're not going to get premium specs, and the K10 reportedly struggles to make it through the day on a single charge, but you do get a lightweight chassis and 2.5D glass not normally associated with bargain phones. READ THE MINI REVIEW LG Phoenix 2 Picture 10 of 13 Another bargain phone available to AT&T prepaid customers, the LG Phoenix 2 surprises with its specs. The 1280 x 720 resolution, quad-core Snapdragon 210 CPU, 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of storage won't fool you into thinking this is a flagship phone, but those are respectable features for a phone that can be had for less than $50. The phone struggles with battery life, according to users, but a textured design gives this bargain-bin device a more elegant look than you'd expect. READ THE MINI REVIEW Moto E Picture 11 of 13 You are not getting the latest and greatest with the Moto E, an aging budget phone whose biggest asset is its bargain basement price through AT&T's prepaid service. We did like the Moto E when we reviewed it two years ago, as it offered good value at the time. The version AT&T sells still runs Android Lollipop — but at least you'll get a dependable budget phone without having to part with too much cash. READ THE FULL REVIEW Microsoft Lumia 950 Picture 12 of 13 If you're in the dwindling crowd that demands a Windows 10 device, AT&T has you covered with the Lumia 950. You'll face the same app gap that befalls all Windows mobile devices, but at least you'll have a phone that, with the help of Microsoft's Continuum feature, can transform itself into a mini PC to help you get work done when attached to a dock that supports mouse and keyboard input. The Lumia 950's camera is pretty good, too. READ THE FULL REVIEW Find the Best Phones Available at AT&T Galaxy S7 Edge iPhone 7 Plus LG V20 Galaxy S7 Active Kyocera DuraForce XD iPhone SE ZTE ZMax 2 LG K10 LG Phoenix 2 Moto E Microsoft Lumia 950 About the author Philip Michaels @PhilipMichaels Philip Michaels is a senior editor at Tom's Guide. He has strong opinions about Apple, the Oakland Athletics and old movies. Follow him at @PhilipMichaels. Read more Wireless Carriers Smartphones Latest in Wireless Carriers News Sprint's Tidal Deal Gives Music Fanatics Reason to Switch Round-Up The Best AT&T Phones of 2017 (Including Exclusives) by Philip Michaels Jan 20, 2017, 12:42 PM Opinion Why I’m Dumping AT&T for T-Mobile by Sam Rutherford Jan 11, 2017, 4:08 PM Best Picks Best Cellphone Plans 2017 by Stewart Wolpin Jan 10, 2017, 3:14 PM Buying Guide Best Verizon Plans: What's Right for You? by Philip Michaels Jan 10, 2017, 3:02 PM Buying Guide Best T-Mobile Plans: What's Right for You? by Philip Michaels Jan 10, 2017, 2:29 PM News The Most Expensive Carrier Just Raised Its Fees by Don Reisinger Jan 9, 2017, 3:31 PM Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Cell Phone General Discussion forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Also for iphone-camera-lenses Editor's choice Olloclip 4-in-1 Photo Lens 9/10 Superior $69.99 Olloclip Editor's choice iPhone 6s Plus 9/10 Superior $949.00 Apple Editor's choice Motorola Moto G (9:00) 9/10 Superior $179.99 Amazon The Latest On Tom’s Guide Best Picks 55 mn Best Robot Kits for Kids Best Picks 1 hr Best Smart Home Gadgets of 2017 Reference 2 hr DirecTV vs. DirecTV Now: What’s the Difference? Deals 4 hr Best Tech Deals of 2017: Super Bowl TV Discounts and Mo... News 4 hr iPhone 8's Coolest Feature Now in Doubt How-To 6 hr How to Change the Amazon Echo Wake Word News 6 hr Galaxy S7 Edge Screens Suffering From Pink Lines: How t... News 7 hr Security Alert: You Need to Download iOS 10.2.1 Now News 7 hr Galaxy S8 Will Likely Be Fastest Phone for a While News 7 hr Someone Just Designed the iPhone 8 of Your Dreams News 8 hr Android Instant Apps Are Here: How to Try Them How-To 21 hr 13 NES Classic Cheat Codes You Need to Try Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Business Tech Apple sues Qualcomm for withholding $1 billion ‘as retaliation’ New, 47 comments Following FTC anti-competition suit against Qualcomm by Jacob Kastrenakes Jan 20, 2017, 4:07pm EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images Apple is suing Qualcomm for $1 billion, saying that the mobile chip maker has been dramatically overcharging it for the use of basic patents, according to CNBC. The lawsuit comes just days after the US Federal Trade Commission began suing Qualcomm for anti-competitive practices over the same issue. The commission said that Qualcomm had been forcing phone manufactures to pay “disproportionately high” fees for use of patents necessary to make a smartphone. This is exactly what Apple is arguing, too. Qualcomm charges 5 times more “than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined” Because these patents are essential to industry-wide standards, they’re supposed to be licensed out on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms. The commission argued that Qualcomm was using its market position as the dominant smartphone modem supplier to force manufacturers into paying excessive fees. Qualcomm denied all of the commission’s claims, and it says in a statement that Apple’s claims are “baseless.” But Apple argues here that there’s a very expensive truth to them. In a statement provided to CNBC, Apple says that Qualcomm withheld nearly $1 billion “as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” That was apparently related to a South Korean investigation of Qualcomm, which led to an $853 million fine last month. “Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined," Apple said. Apple is said to have made a sweetheart deal with Qualcomm lasting several years as a way to evade its excessive patent fees, granting it exclusivity as a modem supplier in exchange. That deal had Qualcomm giving rebates to Apple, which seems to be why this suit is over withheld payments, rather than the fees themselves. In a statement, Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said that Apple was “has intentionally mischaracterized” the companies’ agreements and has been “actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business” around the world. “We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits,” Rosenberg said. These lawsuits pose a real problem for Qualcomm. Though Qualcomm is best known for its chips, most of its profits come from licensing patents. If these allegations are true, it’s pretty clear why that is. And with the potential to disrupt such a critical revenue stream, Qualcomm has reason to be worried. Update January 20th, 8:07PM ET: This story has been updated with a statement from Qualcomm. More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending This is LG's G6 smartphone, coming February 26th The Tinker Board is a more powerful Raspberry Pi rival from Asus Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Entertainment TV Culture Watch the first teaser for The Leftovers’ final season by Lizzie Plaugic The Leftovers is coming up on its last season, and HBO has just released a very small glimpse of what’s ahead. The final eight episodes will see Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) leave Texas and head to Australia in search of his father, Entertainment... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Culture Why Amazon beating Netflix to a Best Picture Oscar nomination matters by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Amazon and Netflix are not only rivals when it comes to original streaming projects: now more than ever, the platforms are at loggerheads during awards season. That rivalry reached a new pitch today: Manchester by the Sea, a critical darling with... New, 0 comments Apple Apps Tech Apple will soon let app makers publicly respond to reviews by Chris Welch This could get interesting. New, 0 comments Entertainment TV Culture Pop culture doesn’t have enough girl vigilantes, but Sweet/Vicious is fixing that by Kaitlyn Tiffany Young women carrying out harsh vigilante justice have cropped up in pop culture only a handful of times in recent memory — see Ellen Page’s calculated killer in Hard Candy, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo’s Lisbeth Salander, or the vengeful girls... New, 3 comments Science US & World Politics Trump silences government scientists with gag orders by Angela Chen@chengela Less than a week after the inauguration, the Trump administration has already gagged employees at two federal agencies. Memos obtained by various media outlets show that scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of... Science Energy Environment Trump resurrects stalled Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines by Rachel Becker President Trump signed executive orders this morning intended to restart construction on the Dakota Access Pipeline and Keystone XL Pipeline projects, the Associated Press reports. Both of these pipelines stalled under the Obama administration... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple These mysterious wallpapers make your iPhone dock disappear Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share iPhone fans around the world are still mourning the loss of the infamous black wallpaper, a special image that exploited an iOS glitch and caused the dock and folder backgrounds to disappear. It gave black and Jet Black iPhones in particular an awesome stealth look, and you can see it in action right here. Unfortunately, Apple fixed the glitch in iOS 10.2 and the wallpaper no longer works. It’s a bummer, but there are still other wallpapers that trigger fun iPhone glitches in Apple’s latest iOS software. In addition to that last batch, the wallpaper wizard behind all of these nifty iPhone glitch wallpapers is back with a new collection of “Strange Dock” wallpapers that will make the dock at the bottom of your iPhone’s home screens disappear. Don't Miss: 10 things you might not know about Apple’s AirPods Twitter user “heyeased” has become well-known by Apple fans thanks to all of the unique wallpapers he creates. He was one of the first people to create wallpapers that took advantage of obscure iOS glitches to create cool effects. Now, he’s back with a fresh new batch of wallpapers. This time around, the new wallpapers don’t actually take advantage of a glitch at all. Instead, they color-match the bottom of the wallpaper to the dock color so that the dock just blends in. It’s good thinking on heyseased’s part, and the results are great for people who like unique iPhone wallpapers and bright colors. You’ll find all of the new wallpapers on this page on heyseased’s blog, and they’re designed to work with any iPhone model running iOS 10.2+. If you have an older version of iOS installed, you can head to this page. An image that shows all of the new wallpapers can be seen below. image2More Trending right now: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL These are the dash cams your car has been waiting for Scientists built an AI that is smarter than most adults See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Unlimited Data, Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:18 P.M. ET Treasury yields notch largest daily gain in 6 weeks 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Software The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion By Tripp Mickle Published: Jan 20, 2017 3:55 p.m. ET Share Apple suit claims Qualcomm sought ‘onerous’ terms in chip deal Reuters By TrippMickle Apple Inc. is suing Qualcomm Inc., alleging the smartphone-chip supplier demanded onerous terms for its technology and that it sought to punish Apple for cooperating in a Korean regulatory probe into Qualcomm’s licensing practices. The suit, which Apple AAPL, -0.07%  said it filed Friday in federal district court in the Southern District of California, claims that Qualcomm QCOM, -0.05%  leveraged its position as a manufacturer of a critical chip used in cellphones to seek “onerous, unreasonable and costly” terms for patents and blocked Apple’s ability to choose another supplier for chipsets. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. The complaint seeks $1 billion in rebate payments that Apple says Qualcomm has withheld as retribution for Apple’s participation in an investigation by South Korea’s antitrust regulator. The Korean agency last month announced a roughly $853 million fine on Qualcomm for alleged anticompetitive patent licensing practices—a decision Qualcomm also vowed to fight. According to the Apple complaint, Qualcomm’s terms required Apple to pay a percentage of the average selling price of an iPhone to use Qualcomm patents and to exclusively use Qualcomm chips in iPhones from at least 2011 to 2016. Apple received what it called quarterly rebates from Qualcomm under terms of the agreement, but Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators, the suit says. The suit says that Qualcomm told Apple the iPhone maker had forfeited the nearly $1 billion in rebates by responding to the Korea Fair Trade Commission. The suit also says that Qualcomm “then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments.” An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: Trump Inaugural Address: ‘It’s going to be America first’ Will Trump’s ‘deliberate chaos’ style work in Washington? More from MarketWatch First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era Wine in a Blender? Tricks to Make a Bottle of Wine Taste Better The Inauguration of Donald Trump Quote References AAPL -0.08 -0.07% QCOM -0.02 -0.05% Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $120.00 -0.08 (-0.07%) Volume 18.9M Open $119.55 High $120.10 Low $119.50 P/E Ratio 14.51 Div Yield 1.9 Market Cap 631.4B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $54.86 -0.02 (-0.05%) Volume 36.4M Open $55.02 High $55.77 Low $54.81 P/E Ratio 14.45 Div Yield 3.85 Market Cap 81.1B LatestNews
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Apple suing iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint Zac Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 12:53 pm PT @apollozac Apple Qualcomm View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit CNBC reports that Apple is suing chip supplier Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion over patent royalties: Apple is suing Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion, saying Qualcomm has been “charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with.” […] Apple says that Qualcomm has taken “radical steps,” including “withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” The latest development follows an FTC complaint alleging Qualcomm engaged in monopolistic practices to prevent Apple from sourcing key components from its competitors. The new report adds that Apple alleges Qualcomm withheld $1 billion in retaliation for working with South Korean authorities where Qualcomm was recently found to be engaging in anti-competitive behavior. Apple relied on Qualcomm modems in iPhones and iPads up until the iPhone 7 which added Intel as a supplier in certain models. Apple is now accusing Qualcomm of charging it “at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” CNBC has this statement from Apple on the lawsuit: “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” Guides Apple View THe Guide Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     There Will Be No New IPads Till Summer Posted: Jan 20 2017, 10:49am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, in Rumors | Apple     It has been reported earlier that Apple is all set to announce three new iPads this year. Apple will be giving a pocket friendly 9.7’’ iPad, a brand new 10.5’’ iPad and a new improved 12.9’’ iPad Pro. Already excited? Don't Miss: Best Gadgets of 2017 Well hold your horses as sadly these products are still in the planning stage according to DigiTimes. The 9.7’’ device will actually be manufactured the first quarter of 2017 and the other two in the second quarter. The reason behind this delay is the A10X chipsets to be included in the two iPads are still being developed and Apple just can’t announce a single device. You will not see any mini version this time as the 9.7’’ version is simply targeted for the educators. The 10.5’’ will replace the current 9.7 ‘’ device and the 12.9’’ will actually be an upgraded version of the previous Pro. Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Donald Trump Ditches Android For A More Secure Option 2 days ago, 10:43am CST iOS 11 will Feature Overdue Group FaceTime Calling Feature 2 days ago, 10:37am CST iPhone 8 Will Support Wireless Charging Out Of Box 4 days ago, 10:57am CST New iPhone X rumor supports past hints of iPhone 8 with wrap around screen 4 days ago, 5:45am CST Logan Earns a R-rating for Brutal Violence and Nudity 1 hour ago Godzilla 2 Director is Michael Dougherty 1 hour ago The Predator Reboot Cast Adds Thomas Jane 1 hour ago What is Good Quality Sleep? 1 hour ago Stephen Colbert to Host the Emmy Awards This Year 2 hours ago Online Media Use Could be Strongly Influenced by Our Genes 2 hours ago China’s Birth Rate Rises after Abolishing One-Child Policy 2 hours ago Ed Sheeran Lives His Adolescence in the New Video Castle on the Hill 2 hours ago 7 Best Smart Thermostats 3 hours ago All We Need To Know About The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 4 hours ago Samsung Galaxy S8 Is Not Going To Be Unveiled At the MWC 4 hours ago Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 NES Classic only in Stock at Target Stores Apple Donald Trump Ditches Android For A More Secure Option 2 days ago, 10:43am CST iOS 11 will Feature Overdue Group FaceTime Calling Feature 2 days ago, 10:37am CST iPhone 8 Will Support Wireless Charging Out Of Box 4 days ago, 10:57am CST New iPhone X rumor supports past hints of iPhone 8 with wrap around screen 4 days ago, 5:45am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Logan Earns a R-rating for Brutal Violence and Nudity 1 hour ago Godzilla 2 Director is Michael Dougherty 1 hour ago The Predator Reboot Cast Adds Thomas Jane 1 hour ago What is Good Quality Sleep? 1 hour ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is suing one of its most important suppliers Kif Leswing Jan. 20, 2017, 3:48 PM 20,593 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.AP Apple is suing Qualcomm, according to a lawsuit filed in federal court seen by Business Insider. Apple buys wireless modem chips from Qualcomm and pays it license royalties to use its wireless patents. Apple is accusing Qualcomm of withholding $1 billion in rebates under a deal they had struck to keep Qualcomm modems in Apple products, including the iPhone and iPad. Qualcomm held the rebates after Apple worked with Korean antitrust regulators looking into Qualcomm's licensing businesses, Apple said. Earlier this week, the FTC accused Qualcomm of monopolistic practices directly related to its intellectual property licensing business and cited its relationship with Apple. "Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program," Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement.  Apple said that Qualcomm charges Apple "at least five times more in" royalty payments than all of Apple's other patent licensors combined in a statement provided to Business Insider: "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Here is Apple's complaint: Apple Qualcomm by Kif Leswing on Scribd   SEE ALSO: Protesters blocked Uber headquarters because of its ties to Trump More: Apple Qualcomm facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is suing one of its most important suppliers Apple is suing one of its most important suppliers Apple is suing Qualcomm, according to a lawsuit... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple sues Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion over royalties Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 12:02 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Ethan Miller | Getty Images Steve Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm Apple is suing Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion, saying Qualcomm has been "charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," an action the chip maker sharply dismissed as groundless. The suit follows the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's lawsuit against Qualcomm earlier this week over unfair patent licensing practices. Shares of Qualcomm, which had been up 1 percent earlier in the day, were were down nearly 2.5 percent by the closing bell. Apple says that Qualcomm has taken "radical steps," including "withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." Apple added, "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." Apple also alleges that once it began cooperating with Korean authorities' antitrust investigation of Qualcomm, the company withheld $1 billion in retaliation. Korean regulators fined Qualcomm $854 million for unfair trade practices in December. Apple shares were little changed. Here's the full Apple statement: "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." In a statement, Qualcomm said that while the company was still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it felt that Apple's claims were "baseless." "Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program," Qualcomm Executive Vice President and General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." — CNBC's Josh Liption and Megan Hawkins contributed to this report. show chapters The bull case for Apple    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 4:44 PM ET | 03:51 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change IGM --- AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...

RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   10 Announcements We’d Like to See From Apple In 2017       10 Announcements We’d Like to See From Apple In 2017     By Don Reisinger  |  Posted 2017-01-20                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... 10 Announcements We’d Like to See From Apple In 2017 While there has been plenty of speculation about its product plans, Apple has yet to tip its hand about what we will actually see from the iPhone maker in 2017. A Big iPhone Improvement The iPhone might get one of the biggest improvements from Apple this year. According to several reports, the handset is primed for an all-new design featuring a glass enclosure. Additionally, the handset could be the first from Apple to have an OLED-based curved display and the Touch ID button located under the screen. The 2017 iPhone could be the one customers hoped to get last year. At Long Last, New iPads The iPad has been in desperate need of a reboot, which might come in 2017. Apple reportedly is working on three new iPad models, including a new, 10.5-inch version. Apple also could offer edge-to-edge displays in the iPad and, like the 2017 iPhone, move the Touch ID button to under the screen. Apple Watch Becomes More Useful Apple Watch more than likely will get an update in 2017. However, that update won’t mean major design changes. Rather, Apple reportedly is adding substantially more power and better battery life. Apple Watch health and activity tracker also might be improved. The Long-Awaited Mac Pro Update Apple was criticized last year for failing to update its high-end computer, the Mac Pro. Still, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company isn’t turning its back on Mac desktops, suggesting a big Mac Pro update is coming in 2017. Here’s hoping the device will feature its current appealing design but offer substantially improved power and performance. Corporate users, especially, need it. Bring Touch Bar to Other Devices The Touch Bar that was built into the new MacBook Pro has proven to be a breakout success for Apple. Now there are reports the company is considering ways to bring it to other Macs. That would be a good idea. The Touch Bar makes using macOS far more appealing, and having it as a feature on not just the MacBook but also on keyboards that connect to the iMac and Mac Pro, for example, is appealing. A New Display Apple last year dropped its focus on displays in favor of an LG alternative. This year there are rumors that Apple is working on a display with a built-in graphics chip. According to the reports, such as setup would enable the monitor to deliver a high-end visual experience that could enhance the usability of the MacBook and other lower-powered devices. It also could be a nice complement to powerful Macs. In either respect, a new high-end display from Apple would be welcome. Going Back to All-in-Ones As noted, Apple CEO Tim Cook has said there is a strong pipeline of Mac desktops in the works. It would be nice to see some new iMacs in 2017 as well. Apple’s new iMacs would do well to come with improved components and some design tweaks, but simply offering more power should suffice for most customers who want a new desktop from Apple but don’t want its currently aging hardware. Apple Is Supposed to Be Working on Augmented Reality Rumors are running rampant that Apple is working on augmented reality technology, including smart glasses that would work much in the same way as Microsoft’s HoloLens. According to reports, Apple has partnered with Zeiss on the technology, which would let users interact with virtual objects overlaid on the real world. Apple could release the new smart glasses sometime this year. Let’s hope it does. It Needs to Get Into Smart Home Devices Armed with Siri, Apple seems poised to get into the smart home appliance business. In fact, several rumors say the company is working on an appliance that would compete with Amazon’s Echo and give users the ability to do myriad tasks such as controlling the smart home using voice commands. It makes sense for Apple to try its luck there, and it would make even more sense to jump on that bandwagon in 2017 before Amazon and Google get too far ahead. Better Apple Music Content Would Be Nice Apple Music might be focused on streaming music right now, but it’s also well on its way to becoming a streaming video service that can compete with the likes of Netflix. In fact, Apple is said to be working with content creators and producers to build an original content archive that soon could take on Netflix. It would be a smart move on Apple’s part, as the company looks beyond traditional television to attract customers to content. Kroll Report Finds Fraud, Cyber-Attacks Increased in 2016 View Slideshow » Why Apple, FTC Are Suing Qualcomm Over Anti-Competition Complaints View Slideshow » OKI Data Brings Professional-Quality Printing to SMBs View Slideshow » Why More Industries Will Implement Artificial Intelligence in 2017 View Slideshow » 10 Smartphones, Tables, Notebooks Due for Updates in 2017 View Slideshow » 10 Announcements We’d Like to See From Apple In 2017 View Slideshow » Trustwave Report Shows Enterprises Can't Hire Enough Security Staff View Slideshow » What the Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3 Delivers to Device Makers View Slideshow » 10 Features in Google's Android One Lightweight Mobile OS View Slideshow » Samsung, LG Likely Smartphone News Makers at Mobile World Congress View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   Apple began 2017 maintaining its inscrutable silence about new or updated products. One of the mobile industry’s most influential companies has been the subject of constant speculation and rumors about new product introductions, including a new iPhone and updates to its Mac Pro desktop, but has yet to announce anything. There also is talk of Apple getting into new product categories; however, the company hasn’t said officially whether it will introduce augmented reality glasses, a virtual reality headset or smart-home devices this year. But that doesn’t mean it shouldn’t: 2017 needs to be a banner year for Apple product introductions if it wants to maintain its sales momentum. Last year the company made few big announcements, and expectations are running high that Apple will introduce new and updated products that will lend new luster to its product lines. The iPhone is in need of a major update, as does the iPad to rejuvenate sales. If Apple decides to bring the Touch Bar to more Macs and deliver new product types, we may see some much-needed excitement in the mobile market. This slide show discusses some product announcements that would be welcome in 2017.           Don Reisinger is a freelance technology columnist. He started writing about technology for Ziff-Davis' Gearlog.com. Since then, he has written extremely popular columns for CNET.com, Computerworld, InformationWeek, and others. He has appeared numerous times on national television to share his expertise with viewers. You can follow his every move at http://twitter.com/donreisinger.             Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Snc-Lavalin Group Inc (SNCAF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Six Flags Entertainment Corp. (SIX) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC NIC Inc. (EGOV) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Swiss National Bank Acquires 1,000 Shares of Press Ganey Holdings Inc (PGND) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Buys 55,594 Shares of OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Zendesk Inc. (ZEN) Insider Adrian Mcdermott Sells 1,590 Shares of Stock Luminex Corp. (LMNX) Director G Walter Loewenbaum II Sells 20,000 Shares Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Shares Bought by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Stake Maintained by Heathbridge Capital Management Ltd. Safestyle UK PLC (SFE) Lowered to “Hold” at N+1 Singer Narwhal Capital Management Continues to Hold Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Teleflex Inc. (TFX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Liberty SiriusXM Group (LSXMA) Downgraded by Morgan Stanley to Equal Weight Teradyne Inc. (TER) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts BlackRock Inc. Decreases Stake in ABM Industries Inc. (ABM) BlackRock Inc. Raises Stake in Werner Enterprises Inc. (WERN) Columbia Property Trust Inc. (CXP) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc. (PTI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. (APLE) Shares Bought by Rhumbline Advisers Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. (NYSE:APLE) by 6.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 151,288 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,536 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers’ holdings in Apple Hospitality REIT were worth $2,800,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in APLE. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 21.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 548,040 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,144,000 after buying an additional 94,938 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 29.4% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 204,749 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 46,473 shares during the last quarter. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC purchased a new position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT during the third quarter worth about $346,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,466,408 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,653,000 after buying an additional 110,841 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 247,295 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,579,000 after buying an additional 23,318 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 40.30% of the company’s stock. Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. (NYSE:APLE) traded up 0.75% during trading on Friday, reaching $20.20. 868,905 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $4.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.26 and a beta of 0.68. The company has a 50 day moving average of $19.82 and a 200 day moving average of $19.11. Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. has a one year low of $17.25 and a one year high of $20.65. Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.49 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $276.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.75 million. Apple Hospitality REIT had a return on equity of 2.98% and a net margin of 8.78%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 14.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. will post $0.74 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a monthly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 3rd were paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 29th. This represents a $1.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.99%. Apple Hospitality REIT’s dividend payout ratio is currently 250.01%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/20/apple-hospitality-reit-inc-aple-shares-bought-by-rhumbline-advisers.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on APLE shares. Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $19.00 to $20.00 in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $22.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $23.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, FBR & Co reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. Apple Hospitality REIT currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.60. In related news, insider Glade M. Knight bought 2,825 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, November 11th. The shares were bought at an average price of $17.55 per share, for a total transaction of $49,578.75. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 10,001,882 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $175,533,029.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Redd Hugh bought 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was bought at an average price of $17.91 per share, for a total transaction of $125,370.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 40,323 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $722,184.93. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders acquired 12,825 shares of company stock worth $227,539 in the last quarter. 6.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. Apple Hospitality REIT Company Profile Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc is a self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in income-producing real estate, primarily in the lodging sector, in the United States. The Company owns hotel properties throughout the United States. The Company owns approximately 180 hotels operating in over 30 states with an aggregate of approximately 22,960 rooms. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APLE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. (NYSE:APLE). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rhumbline Advisers Raises Stake in Advanced Energy Industries Inc. (AEIS) Next » Rhumbline Advisers Purchases 31,169 Shares of MFA Financial Inc. (MFA) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Poll: Should Apple make iPhones in the USA and would you pay more? Zac Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 11:53 am PT @apollozac iPhone Donald Trump Apple CEO meeting with Donald Trump View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It’s official. Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. During his campaign, Trump repeatedly called for Apple to bring manufacturing to the United States and has recently said Apple CEO Tim Cook has ‘eyes open’ to US-assembled iPhones. Should Apple assemble iPhones in the United States and would you be willing to pay more if so? Trump campaigned on having Apple bring manufacturing to the United States: We have such amazing people in this country: smart, sharp, energetic, they’re amazing,” Trump said. “I was saying make America great again, and I actually think we can say now, and I really believe this, we’re gonna get things coming… we’re gonna get Apple to start building their damn computers and things in this country, instead of in other countries.” Following the election, Trump said he told Cook that his administration would provide a “very large tax cut for corporations” and “create the incentives” for companies like Apple to bring manufacturing to the United States. A recent NYT profile detailed Foxconn’s iPhone plant in China and the difficulties involved in reproducing that effort in the United States, although Apple has reportedly investigated the possibility following the election in November. Separately, MIT produced a study over the summer that looked at multiple possibilities for Apple including just bringing assembly to the US or actually sourcing supplies entirely from the United States. The cost of an iPhone for Apple could go from what is believed to be $4-$10 materially to $30-$40 based on labor costs and shipping expenses. If Apple relied totally on supplies produced in America, the cost per unit could reach around $100 according to that study. Take Our Poll Take Our Poll Guides iPhone View THe Guide Donald Trump View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Skyworks Delivers Again In Q1, Extends One Of The Best Track Records On The Street Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 20, 2017 2:35pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL How Did Apple's Stock Perform The Last Time It Was Downgraded? Technical Alert: Apple Flat Despite Barclays Downgrade Apple: No Safety, No Value (Seeking Alpha) Related SWKS Old Tech Vs. New Tech: Which Will Be Better Investments For 2017? Skyworks' Strong Earnings, High Volume Lands A Downgrade From Vetr Crowd Skyworks Blows The Market Away (Seeking Alpha) Reviewing the quarterly results of Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ: SWKS), Brean Capital noted that the company reported better-than-expected first-quarter results, extending one of the best track records on the Street. Revenue Outperformance Came From Apple Ramp, Content Gains In China Analyst Mike Burton pointed to the company's fiscal first-quarter revenue outperformance relative to the consensus estimate and the company's guidance. The analyst attributed the outperformance to the company's ramp at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), which contributed to over 40 percent of Skyworks' revenues, and from strong demand in China. The analyst clarified that the company is seeing content gains in China on new platforms as Huawei, which was its second largest customer. Leverage Helps Earnings Beat Non-GAAP gross margins of 51.2 percent was up from 51 percent reported for the fourth quarter, the firm added. The firm also noted that earnings per share of $1.61 beat the $1.58 consensus estimate, due to the leverage, arising out of operating expenditure growth growing at a slower pace than revenues. Samsung Gains, Low China Inventories To Help Q2 Turning toward the second-quarter guidance, Brean Capital said Samsung gains and low China inventories drove the company to guide revenues above the consensus estimate. The firm also noted that the company said it will continue to execute on margins, translating to earnings per share of $1.40, a penny ahead of the consensus estimate. Brean Capital believes the net increase of $405 million to the company's stock buyback program following a fresh $500 million plan announced by the company on the earnings call is a testament to the management team's belief in the business model, as the company continues to deliver superior shareholder returns. Adjusting Estimates The firm raised its second-quarter revenue estimate to $840 million from $811 million and non-GAAP earnings per share estimate to $1.41 from $1.36. However, the firm lowered its 2017 revenues estimate to $3.60 billion from $3.642 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share estimate to $6.26 from $6.43. Raising Price Target Brean Capital maintains its Buy rating on the shares of Skyworks Solutions, while it raised its price target to $95 from $85. At time of writing, Skyworks Solutions shares were up 11.78 percent to $87.70. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Barclays Downgrades Overweight Equal-Weight Jan 2017 OTR Global Downgrades Negative Jan 2017 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage On Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + SWKS) How Did Apple's Stock Perform The Last Time It Was Downgraded? Technical Alert: Apple Flat Despite Barclays Downgrade The iPhone 8 Won't Help Apple Old Tech Vs. New Tech: Which Will Be Better Investments For 2017? Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 24, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Alibaba Beats, Verizon Disappoints View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 IDSA, SBGL: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 ORCL, MSFT: Chowdhry: Oracle Is 'Toast,' Layoffs In Sparc Business 3 SSH, FCAU: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 OGRMF, APHQF: Consolidation In The Cannabis Industry:... 5 VRX: Valeant's Move To The Downside... 6 AET, CI: What Does A Court Blocking Ae... 7 T, AAPL: Barron's Picks An... 1 XON, BT: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Surges Over 100 Points; Allegheny Techno... 2 FB, DIS: Antonio Brown And Other Times Athletes Took Social Media Too Far 3 INSY, UA: 6 Hot Stocks Among Shorts: Weight Watchers Moves Ahead Of... 4 AGU, MOS: Cowen Getting Less Pessimistic On Ag Sector; Favor... 5 TWX, T: Business Line Between Cable And Mobile Conti... 6 USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter, Live Cattle Fut... 7 USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Mixed View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Skyworks Surges After Strong Earnings Report; Affimed Shares Drop Will Skyworks Guidance Quell Fears Around Apple's iPhone Build Slowdown?
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > LG 27UD88 Review: A Well-Rounded Ultra HD Display With USB-C Friday January 20, 2017 10:46 AM PST by Eric Slivka A few weeks ago, we took a look at LG's new 27-inch UltraFine 5K display designed in partnership with Apple to pair with the new MacBook Pro. While it's a high-quality screen that offers a sharp, spacious, Retina desktop, the overall design has generated mixed reactions, particularly in comparison to Apple's design standards. At a standard price of $1299 and even Apple's discounted price of $974, the UltraFine 5K isn't a cheap display. Its smaller sibling, the 21.5-inch UltraFine 4K, at its temporary price of $524 might be more appealing to users who are willing to give up some pixels and a few features, but there are several other Ultra HD and 4K options on the market, some of which we rounded up in mid-November. Among these other options, one of the most popular Ultra HD (3840x2160) displays with USB-C connectivity has been LG's 27-inch 27UD88, which offers a clean design, a matte screen finish to reduce glare, and a broader array of connectivity options than the UltraFine lineup. The 27UD88's IPS display supports 99% coverage of the sRGB spectrum, 5 ms response time, and a 60 Hz refresh rate. As with the UltraFine displays, one of the major advantages of USB-C connectivity on the 27UD88 is the ability to transfer data, video, and even power over a single cable, and the 27UD88 offers up to 60 watts of power over USB-C to power a notebook computer. That's enough to fully power a MacBook or 13-inch MacBook Pro with USB-C, but not enough for a 15-inch MacBook Pro, which can draw up to 85 watts depending on load. So while it might be enough to maintain or slowly charge your 15-inch MacBook Pro under light usage or while sleeping, if you're working your machine at all hard, the battery may slowly drain. As a result, you'll want to use your standard MacBook Pro power adapter connected to another USB-C port on the machine in order to power it. Setup Assembly of the 27UD88 isn't quite as simple as the UltraFine's "set it on your desk and plug it in" procedure, but it's still very straightforward and similar to a number of other LG displays. It only requires you to snap an arm into the rear of the display panel (a plate for VESA support can alternatively be attached to the back, although the plate is not included) and then attach the curved foot to the bottom of the arm with a couple of screws that are easily tightened with a screwdriver, coin, or even by hand using the integrated grasping rings. Once assembled, the display sits sturdily on a desk with very little wobbling, and height adjustment requires no tools, as you can simply grasp the panel by the top and bottom and slide it up or down over a range of 110 mm. Tilt is an easy one-hand adjustment and it allows you to set the panel anywhere between -3 degrees and +20 degrees. A small cable management clip attaches near the bottom of the display arm to help keep things looking neat. Display Resolution The 27UD88 works with macOS right out of the box, registering as an available display in System Preferences as soon as it is connected. As with other displays, Apple makes it easy to adjust the resolution depending on whether you prefer larger text and user interface elements or a larger usable space on your desktop. The default mode is a 1920x1080 Retina display running at 60 Hz with the new MacBook Pro, allowing for the crisp text and images users have become accustomed to on many recent Macs, but many users will likely find everything a bit too large in this mode considering this is a 27-inch display. If you prefer a higher resolution non-Retina desktop, scaled options at 2560x1440, 3008x1692, 3360x1890, and the full 3840x2160 are available. Holding down the option key while clicking the Scaled radio button in preferences brings many more options, including 3200x1800 and an array of low resolutions between 1680x945 and 1152x648. For years, my main monitor has been an Apple Thunderbolt Display, which is a 27-inch display running at 2560x1440, so I've really become comfortable with that size of desktop. For that reason, the UltraFine 5K running at a Retina 2560x1440 fit into my setup perfectly. With the 27UD88 having a slightly larger pixel size, the 1920x1080 Retina resolution it offers ends up with a desktop that's too large for my tastes, and I suspect that will be true for many other users. UltraFine 5K (left) and 27UD88 (right) As a result, I'm finding this display set most comfortably at a scaled 2560x1440, matching the UltraFine 5K (and my old Apple Thunderbolt Display) in desktop size and thus making everything consistent across my displays as I'm testing both the UltraFine and the 27UD88 connected to my MacBook Pro. It means I don't quite get the sharpness of a 1920x1080 Retina display on the 27UD88, but the smoothing is good enough that everything still looks acceptably sharp at my viewing distance. With the 2016 MacBook, the display similarly defaults to a Retina 1920x1080 desktop. As long as you're on macOS Sierra it'll run the display at 60 Hz, but under El Capitan it only runs at 30 Hz unless apply a hack and doesn't offer the full array of higher-resolution options. Display Quality The 27UD88 has a maximum brightness of 350 nits according to the specs, which is significantly lower than the 500 nits of Apple's MacBook Pro and the UltraFine displays. Brightness level needs vary significantly based on user preference and ambient environment, but I generally prefer my displays fairly bright and thus it's very obvious when I put this display next to my MacBook Pro, and particularly the UltraFine 5K. If you typically turn down your brightness a bit, the 27UD88 should be able to match nicely, but it's definitely something to be aware of if you like things bright. This is an IPS panel with 99% coverage of the sRGB spectrum and 10-bit color, so it doesn't have the DCI-P3 wide gamut color space of the UltraFine displays and Apple's latest Macs or the Adobe RGB support of other wide gamut displays. It means you might not notice quite as much "pop" in some of the colors as on a wide gamut display, but for general use it's quite fine. Outside of professional users, sRGB remains the mainstream standard and this display offers accurate color representation within that standard. Full disclosure here: I'm not a graphic design or video professional, so my perspective is more that of a general user interested in expanding my desktop and making it easy to connect various peripherals, and as far as that goes the display quality here is perfectly acceptable, with good color representation, uniform backlight, and solid black levels. Some users will likely find the default color temperature too cool, but calibration options help users customize things just the way they like, and I'll cover that a bit more below. Vertical Orientation In addition to the standard horizontal display orientation, the 27UD88 also easily converts to vertical orientation for those who prefer that type of setup, a feature not offered by the UltraFine 5K display. Again, no tools are needed and all you need to do is make sure the display is high enough to ensure clearance and rotate it 90 degrees. From there, it's just a quick menu selection in Apple's Displays preferences to switch over to the vertical display orientation. Build Quality and Looks Looks are a subjective quality, and we've seen a range of responses about the UltraFine 5K with its metal foot and matte black plastic enclosure with fairly substantial bezels. The 27UD88 goes in a bit of a different direction that's more like some of the company's other displays, with an all-plastic build highlighted by a silver arm and arc-shaped foot with a faux brushed aluminum look. The stand design certainly attracts attention, and it's not unattractive despite being plastic while also offering solid stability. Around the edges of the display panel itself, the bezels are fairly thin on the top and sides at about 5/16 of an inch or so, and a bit larger along the bottom where a separate plastic chin bumps things out to just over 3/4 of an inch. A band of silver plastic along the outside edge of the bezels provides a bit of contrast and helps coordinate with the stand, but it makes the bezels stand out a fair amount, unlike the UltraFine displays where the all-black bezels tend to disappear even with their larger size. The rear sides of the display and support arm are a glossy, bright white plastic. It's a design choice that again generates a wide spectrum of reactions from users, but many won't ever see the back except for the rare occasions they're plugging in or unplugging cables. Overall build quality seems good, but this is an all-plastic enclosure and you'll hear some creaks as you adjust it. The panel can wobble a bit from vibrations if your work surface is at all shaky, likely due in part to the hinge design that allows for vertical orientation, but on my hefty corner desk setup it's pretty much rock solid. Ports Unlike the UltraFine displays that have only a single Thunderbolt 3 or USB-C input, the 27UD88 includes a number of ports on the rear for connectivity in addition to the USB-C port that allows for single-cable connectivity for video, audio, data, and up to 60 watts of power for the notebook. Beyond USB-C, the 27UD88 also includes one DisplayPort and two HDMI inputs, which are convenient for those interested in hooking up additional sources such as a cable box, Apple TV, or another device to use on alternate inputs. Arm attachment and ports on the rear of the display On the downstream side, the 27UD88 acts as a small USB hub, offering a pair of USB Type A ports with up to 5V/1.5A of charging power so you can connect mobile devices, wired keyboards and mice, and other accessories. The USB-A ports are officially USB 3.0, but you'll quickly discover that once you hook the display up to your computer and it begins using those USB 3.0 lanes to drive the display's pixels, you'll only get USB 2.0 speeds at best for your peripherals. For example, connecting a USB 3.0 external 5400 rpm hard drive directly to the 2016 MacBook Pro, I saw read and write speeds slightly above 100 MB/s, about what you'd expect for a USB 3.0 drive considering overheard and other limitations. When connecting the same drive via the 27UD88, however, speeds drop to about 35 MB/s for both read and write, which is right around the usual range for real-world USB 2.0. It's disappointing, but not entirely LG's fault considering the amount of bandwidth the high-resolution display itself needs over USB-C. Read and write speeds connected via display (top) and directly to MacBook Pro (bottom) Ultimately it means you're not going to want to connect your external hard drives via the display if you want the fastest available performance, but it's fine for other peripherals or for occasional storage device use where speed isn't terribly important. In addition to display and data ports, the 27UD88 includes a headphone jack and a DC-in port for the display's power adapter, which is a fairly large external power brick. A Kensington lock slot is included on the rear of the monitor for those looking to physically secure the display to a desk or other large or fixed object. LG includes an HDMI cable, a DisplayPort cable, a USB-C to USB-C cable, and a USB-C to USB-A cable in the box to support a variety of connection configurations. The USB cables are only one meter in length, however, so depending on your desk setup this may not be long enough. If you need to get a longer one, make sure it can handle USB 3 data. Apple's USB-C cable included with the MacBook Pro, for example, is intended only for charging and slower USB 2.0 data transfers, and thus won't work for connecting to the display. Joystick Button Like many of LG's displays, the 27UD88 has only a single joystick button for controlling the display's menus and power. Moving the joystick right or left adjusts the volume if you have wired headphones or external speakers connected to the display, while a short press on the button allows access to the display's settings or initially powers the display on. Once in settings, nudging the button forward, backward, or to the sides navigates through the hierarchy of menu options, while a press on the button registers your selection. Bottom view showing lighted joystick button and vents A long press on the button will turn the display off, although there is an automatic power-saving mode that will put the display to sleep if no input is detected. The button itself is lighted, and a menu option lets you set the light to be always on or off while the display is active. Setting it to on could be helpful if you need a little bit of light cast under your display to help find things in a dark room, but I left it off. The light also pulses when the display is in sleep mode and it is bright enough to be distracting if you're in a dark room trying to sleep, for example. Unfortunately, there appears to be no way to disable or dim this sleep light, so I make sure to power the display down at night if someone is going to be sleeping in my home office, which doubles as a guest room. Menu Options The main menu offers quick access to several features, including input selection, a Game Mode picture setting, and deeper setting options. The Game Mode option provides quick access to several picture modes optimized for FPS (first-person shooter) and RTS (real-time strategy) games by tweaking such adjustments as FreeSync, response time, and black stabilization. Main menu accessed with quick press of the joystick button Within the deeper menus, a "Quick Settings" section provides easy access to brightness, contrast, headphone volume, input, and display ratio settings, while a "PBP" (Picture by Picture) section lets you display two inputs side-by-side on the display at once with appropriate settings for swapping sides of the display or which input's audio is being routed to the headphone jack. PBP mode with MacBook Pro via USB-C and Apple TV via HDMI displayed side-by-side A "Picture" section offers a broad array of preset optimized picture modes, as well as plenty of manual adjiustments for sharpness, black level, gamma, color temperature, and more to let you custom calibrate the display. Various picture calibration menus Within the manual calibration options, you'll see a variety of standard settings including granular 0–100 scales for sharpness, black stabilization, and RGB balance, as well as a few options for gamma, color temperature, and response time. Other options include Super Resolution+ (LG's technology for optimizing upscaled images), Ultra HD Deep Color, FreeSync synchronization for AMD graphics cards, and more. Finally in the main menu, a "General" section addresses settings related to language, automatic energy saving and standby, and more. OnScreen Control App LG's OnScreen Control app, available for Mac and Windows, offers a variety of ways to manage multiple LG monitors and multiple windows within a single monitor. It's similar to the LG Screen Manager app discussed in our UltraFine 5K coverage in that it offers a Screen Split feature that lets you divide the screen into multiple sections where apps will automatically move and resize as you drag a window from one section to another. OnScreen Control app with display settings OnScreen Control also lets you control a host of display settings for the 27UD88, including volume, brightness, contrast, display ratio, picture mode, energy saving, response time, and more, settings which aren't available for the UltraFine displays. The app will even let you set up specific picture modes depending on which app is active. Per-app display modes can be set using OnScreen Control Wrap-up The 27UD88 is a solid display if you're looking for something in the Ultra HD or 4K range, but its 27-inch size makes it something of a tweener in pixel density. Everything is a bit too large on a Retina 1920x1080 desktop, and while scaling works okay for higher-resolution options, you do still lose some of the sharpness you'd get with Retina. This is an attractive display, with the arc-shaped foot providing a clean, modern look even with the faux aluminum finish on the plastic. The bezels are thankfully thin around the top and sides, and even the bottom bezel is fairly minimal. Some users will appreciate the matte screen that minimizes distracting reflections, but others will undoubtedly prefer the glossy screens found on some other options for their accuracy. Given the number of devices I juggle on a regular basis, I appreciate the multiple inputs on the 27UD88. I can hook up my MacBook Pro via USB-C and both third- and fourth-generation Apple TVs via HDMI and easily switch between them on the fly as needed. The USB-A ports are also great for keeping Lightning and Apple Watch docks at the ready on my desk. The main point of a large external display is to have a quality screen, however, and when putting the 27UD88 side-by-side with the UltraFine 5K, there is a clear winner on that count. The UltraFine's extra pixels, brightness, and wide color make it clearly superior to the 27UD88 in that regard. Throw in the lack of speakers for beefier sound than a computer can directly provide and the fact that the 27UD88 doesn't push enough power over USB-C to fuel my 15-inch MacBook Pro, and the choice for me is clear: UltraFine all the way. That's not to say the 27UD88 is a bad option by any means, depending on your needs and the machine you'd be pairing it with – it's actually quite good for many users. It's several hundred dollars cheaper than the UltraFine 5K and offers some additional flexibility for connectivity that some users may need, so if these factors are important for you, the 27UD88 is definitely worth considering. It's a well-rounded external display option if you can find it at a good price, particularly if you're looking to pair it with a 13-inch MacBook Pro that the display can sufficiently power. It's still one of the relatively few USB-C displays on the market, although many more are coming as adoption of the standard continues to rise. Pricing In comparing prices across vendors, the 27UD88 is the model number you'll see most often, and it's LG's consumer offering that comes with a one-year warranty. LG also sells a 27MU88 model for business customers, and that model comes with a three-year warranty and is otherwise identical to the 27UD88, so keep the warranty difference in mind if you're comparing prices across vendors and the two models. The 27UD88 carries a list price of $699, but at the time of this writing supplies are very short with many retailers being completely out of stock, so keep an eye out and be ready to grab one if you're in the market for it. LG tells us the supply shortages are temporary, so availability should improve. Update: This review was corrected to note that MacBooks can run the display at 60 Hz by default under macOS Sierra. Machines running OS X Yosemite or El Capitan will be limited to 30 Hz unless a system hack is applied and have fewer resolution options available. Note: LG provided the 27UD88 display to MacRumors free of charge for the purposes of this review. No other compensation was received. Tag: USB-C 70 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) justperry 4 days ago at 11:49 am What does the DO NOT USE do ?? If you remove this cap all the pixels will drain.:p This Display looks is so much better than the other higher priced ones, can't believe they made them so fugly. Rating: 2 Votes rdav 4 days ago at 02:15 pm Does no one care that the consumer Warrantee on the 27UD88 is limited to 1 year? How is it that Dell can offer three years on similar monitors, but LG gets away with just one? All those great specs aren't much use if the thing dies in month 13. To me it demonstrates a lack of confidence by the manufacturer, which is off-putting. Likewise with the price; what's the true cost of ownership if replacements are required that much more frequently? Rating: 2 Votes Carlson-online 4 days ago at 10:57 am What does the DO NOT USE do ?? Rating: 2 Votes lennyeiger 3 days ago at 04:04 pm Eventually, audio/video can only become so realistic. After that what are the tech companies going to do to try and pry yet more money out of us? In this case, they are asking us to pay good money for going backwards. Adobe RGB 1998, today's most standard color space, was based on a CRT monitor made in 1998, that would be 19 years old. I think it was the LaCie Electron Blue, but I could be mis-identifying this. It's old. Now they want us to pay good money for poor color spaces. I should also mention that I'm a photographer and for many years was a custom photographic printer. Everyone talks about resolution. However, that isn't the real game. Printing is all about tonality. It's all about how the tones come up against each other, the subtlety of the difference between pixels, or groups of two or three pixels. When you see something that moves you, that is incredible color, or smooth as silk black and white, it isn't the resolution that's doing it, it's the tonality. In a monitor that has a tiny color space, you won't even see it. If you can't see it, you won't be able to control it enough to print it well. They should make monitors that reflect at least a "very good" version of current technology vs this half-baked stuff. To suggest that they can do sRGB, well that just tells you its the cheapest thing they could find. Rating: 1 Votes mikecorp 4 days ago at 11:48 am FUGLY enclosure. Rating: 1 Votes turbineseaplane 4 days ago at 12:48 pm I'm using 1440p scaled on the model that's the same but has no USB hub ($500 USD model from Best Buy) I think it looks absolutely fantastic! Rating: 1 Votes turbineseaplane 3 days ago at 11:58 am Do I have to offer a better option? Well - yeah, sort of... You said "just going off specs it isn't that impressive".. Specs includes the price/value equation of the listed specs... So if this "is not impressive", what you are comparing to that "is impressive" (and how much does that unit cost?) Would you say it's more impressive if it was $200? I mean, at some price point, these specs ARE impressive, are they not? Rating: 1 Votes SeattleMoose 3 days ago at 03:48 pm Just when an interface technology becomes widespread, cheap, and bug free...an expensive new one eventually forces us to abandon the old for the new and cough up dollars for yet more stuff. Eventually, audio/video can only become so realistic. After that what are the tech companies going to do to try and pry yet more money out of us? Rating: 1 Votes WildCowboy 1 day ago at 08:53 am I am a bit confused by some of the content of this review: higher resolution scaling options such as 1440 is definitely possible using the rMB. This is running Sierra. Yes, that was an error. I initially tested with a MacBook running El Capitan and didn't fix that section of the review when I was putting it all together. I've updated the review. Rating: 1 Votes currocj 4 days ago at 03:17 pm Since Sierra, several users have claimed to have gotten 2016 Macbooks to do 4k/60hz without a patch (including a system that was never previously patched). Can anyone else confirm/deny? I have this monitor and a 2016 MB 12", 4k60Hz works flawlessly using USB-C with Sierra Mac OS, OOTB. No hacks required. Love it. I run HiDPI 1080p, but am thinking about 1440 scaled. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch 2 hours ago on Front Page Apple hasn't released the first watchOS 3.2 beta to developers as of yet, but the company has shared release notes highlighting the new features that will be introduced in the update. The... 68 comments iOS 10.3 Beta Includes New 'Find My AirPods' Mode for Locating Lost AirPods 3 hours ago on Front Page Apple's AirPods are wire-free, which makes them convenient to use, but it's also caused some concern from users who are afraid to lose their $159 earphones. In its latest beta, Apple has... 41 comments Apple Seeds First macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Beta With New Night Shift Mode to Developers 3 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to developers, more than one month after releasing macOS Sierra 10.12.2 and four months since the debut of the new macOS... 56 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3 With 'Find My AirPods' to Developers 3 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to developers, marking the third major update to the iOS 10 operating system that was released in September. The first iOS 10.3 beta... 131 comments Apple Working on 'Enhanced Siri' Capabilities for Next-Generation iPhones 8 hours ago on Front Page A collection of the world's top-selling smartphone makers, including Apple, Samsung, Huawei, LG, and Xiaomi, are all planning to double down on artificial intelligence features on handsets... 145 comments Apple Again Seeks FCC Approval for Mysterious 'Wireless Device' With Bluetooth and NFC 1 day ago on Front Page For all of its devices that use communications technologies like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and NFC, Apple has to submit them to the United States Federal Communications Commission for approval, and the... 99 comments iPhone 8 May Use Apple's In-House Inductive Wireless Charging Rather Than Technology From Energous 1 day ago on Front Page Over the course of the last year, there has been ongoing speculation that wireless charging company Energous has inked a deal with Apple and could potentially provide wireless charging technology for... 149 comments Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.3 With Graphics Fixes for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today released macOS Sierra 10.12.3, the third update to the macOS Sierra operating system that launched on September 20. macOS Sierra 10.12.3 comes over a month after the release of macOS... 158 comments • Apple Releases iOS 10.2.1 With Bug Fixes and Security Improvements (136) • Samsung Reveals Extent of Note7 Battery Fire Investigation (195) • Yahoo Under SEC Investigation for Not Disclosing Massive Data Breach Sooner (46) • iPhone Manufacturer Foxconn Mulling $7 Billion U.S. Display Factory Investment With Apple (177) • Apple Exploring Two-Step Touch ID and Facial Recognition System for iPhone 8 (181) • Qualcomm Calls Apple's Claims 'Baseless' in Response to $1 Billion Lawsuit (61) • Questionable Rumor Suggests Group FaceTime is Coming in iOS 11 (136)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Skate Lines 2' from Agens Turns into 'Skate City' and is Being Co-Developed by 'Alto's Adventure' Creator Built By Snowman Promising 'Tap Summoner' Is Soft-Launching This Week iOS 10.3 Will Let Developers Respond to App Store User Reviews There's Now a Gamevice for iPad Pro 12.9, What Will Science Come up With Next?! 'Dog Sled Saga' Review  Perfectly Pleasant Pupper Racing Hands-On with 'Flappy Bird' Creator's Next Game, 'Ninja Spinki Challenges!' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wealth Architects LLC Cuts Stake in The Walt Disney Co. (DIS) Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stake Raised by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC Reduces Stake in Merck & Co. (MRK) Intrust Bank NA Has $1,915,000 Stake in Merck & Co. (MRK) TAL Education Group (TAL) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Bank of America Corp. Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Given Neutral Rating at BTIG Research Great Lakes Advisors LLC Increases Position in Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Shares Bought by BlackRock Fund Advisors Gerdau SA (GGB) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. (EGRX) Position Boosted by BlackRock Fund Advisors CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Stake Maintained by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC Quest Diagnostics Inc. (DGX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Raises Stake in Northwest Natural Gas Co. (NWN) Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK) Shares Sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Oracle Corp. (ORCL) Shares Bought by BB&T Securities LLC United Technologies Corp. (UTX) Shares Bought by Atlanta Capital Group Equities Analysts Set Expectations for U.S. Bancorp’s FY2019 Earnings (USB) Brokers Set Expectations for Union Pacific Corp.’s FY2019 Earnings (UNP) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 990 Shares of Ensco PLC (ESV) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Watch Point Trust Co January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Watch Point Trust Co lowered its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 21.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 29,747 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after selling 8,107 shares during the period. Apple accounts for approximately 3.3% of Watch Point Trust Co’s holdings, making the stock its 4th largest position. Watch Point Trust Co’s holdings in Apple were worth $3,362,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in AAPL. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Apple by 39.2% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $103,000 after buying an additional 304 shares in the last quarter. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Apple during the third quarter worth approximately $122,000. D. Scott Neal Inc. increased its stake in shares of Apple by 701.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 1,202 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares in the last quarter. Delphi Private Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Apple by 5.0% in the second quarter. Delphi Private Advisors LLC now owns 1,462 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 69 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Roble Belko & Company Inc increased its stake in shares of Apple by 60.6% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,803 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 680 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 57.75% of the company’s stock. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.09% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $119.89. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 18,490,249 shares. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $120.50. The firm has a market cap of $639.29 billion, a PE ratio of 14.43 and a beta of 1.30. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $115.87 and a 200-day moving average price of $110.48. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.66 by $0.01. Apple had a return on equity of 35.59% and a net margin of 21.19%. The firm had revenue of $46.85 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.88 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.96 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 9.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/apple-inc-aapl-shares-sold-by-watch-point-trust-co.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on AAPL. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $124.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc. increased their price target on shares of Apple from $120.00 to $130.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, September 30th. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Nomura reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $135.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $123.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday, September 26th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and three have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $130.03. In other news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 33,323 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.35, for a total value of $3,677,193.05. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 32,484 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,584,609.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $120.00, for a total value of $3,600,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 157,559 shares of company stock worth $18,111,724. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile East Side Chinese instruments and loops come to Logic Pro X Music Mania Logic Pro X and MainStage updated with redesigned plugins Synth It Logic Pro X nabs new Alchemy synthesizer and much more For those who make beats Apple may have acquired digital audio maker Camel Audio Apple back Dubstep Logic Pro 10.1 brings the 'wub wub' < > Pokemon Go iOS 10 macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro iPhone 7 Buyers guide Pre-order: Nintendo Switch Order: AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile Can Touch Bar! Logic Time! 7 ways Logic Pro X 10.3 once again redefines modern music making on Mac By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, Jan 18, 2017 at 1:00 pm EST 0 Comments What's new in Logic Pro X 10.3? A new design, a new way to round-trip to iOS, new Touch Bar support, and more! Logic Pro X is the modern incarnation of Apple's pro-level audio editing tools for the Mac. If GarageBand is the foot in the door, Logic Pro X is the kick into high gear. Like many of Apple's pro apps, though, it's been deliberately made more accessible and approachable. Like Final Cut Pro X, the logic (sorry) is never "what can we do more?" but "what can we do better?" and sometimes that hits existing customers right in their change-aversion. So, what's new in Logic Pro X 10.3? Brighter, lighter, flatter design Logic Pro X 10.3 doesn't do any radical rethinks, so there's no need to panic. It does have a redesign, and it's somewhat radical for Apple pro apps — it's gone lighter instead of darker. While photographers and video editors crave the deep grays and blacks that make the exact colors of their work stand out, music makers tend to work in a variety of lighting conditions, many of which favor an interface that's slightly lighter and brighter, and more "Sierra". Who knew? Don't worry, though, Apple has also made the Logic Pro X 10.3 design flatter, so you can still grumble away if you like. That Touch Bar If you saw what Apple did with Final Cut Pro X and the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar, then you won't be terribly surprise by what they've worked up for Logic Pro X. You can view and navigate your project in a timeline view, but it's smart enough to show you an optimized view so you can, for example, more easily pick out a chorus or a bridge. Volume controls are conveniently placed, and you also get access to Smart Controls for any track you select. Basically, you can assign the shortcuts you want to the modifier keys you want, like CMD or ALT, and when you press that modifier, you get those Touch Bar shortcuts. All your favs can be immediately accessible. Now, while I use Logic Pro X to edit podcasts, I'm not a musician or a power user. Still, I can't wait to try this. (Fingers crossed it makes strip silence even faster and easier.) That Touch Instrument Yes, as you'd expect, there are also performance controls available on the Touch Bar that let you play and record Logic Pro X's virtual instruments with multitouch, just like you can on iPhone or iPad. You can have the piano keyboard in the Touch Bar and customize it for the way you want to play. You can also have the drum pads there and tap away to create beats. It's like having a very narrow iPad right about your Mac keyboard, because, yes, Touch Bar is very much a very narrow iPad above your keyboard. Round trip that's really a trip You're working on your next killer song but you need to get out of your studio and you just won't be able to use your Mac for a while. What do you do? With the new Logic Pro X, you share a special version of your project to iCloud. That version flattens all the tracks down to one but keeps the ability to add new, separate tracks. Then you open the special version in GarageBand for iOS 2.2 on iPhone or iPad. Meet someone on the street and record something serendipitous on your iPhone, get a great idea for found sound in the coffee shop and capture it on your iPad. Where ever, whatever the inspiration and the audio, you simply grab it, save it to iCloud, and when you get back to your Mac, all the new stuff is synced to the original, multi-track project. Just. Boom. Track changes alternatives There are many ways to play a section or sing a lyric and Logic Pro X now makes it easier to audition those many ways and choose the one you like best. You can create and switch between different playlists for a given region, and edits on any track. That way you can experiment and try out all your different ideas without the stress of having to commit too early or without the proper context. That way you can try out all your creative ideas, in context and without having to commit immediately, and make sure you get the one you really want. Selection-based processing We've all been there. You want to apply an effect but the track is long and the process arduous so you hit the button, go get coffee, and count on it being done by the time you get back. Well, now you'll have to own your own coffee excuses, because Logic Pro X can do selection-based processing. That means you can apply any combo of Logic's own effects and third-part effect plug-ins to any selection of one or multiple audio regions. Fix that pesky problem area or just try out some create sound design. Then get your coffee when you're done. All the bits and busses Logic Pro X 10.3 introduces a new 64-bit summing engine with 192 additional busses. That allows for true stereo panning and provides discrete control of stereo signals. No, I don't really understand any of that, because my background is in graphic design not sound design, so back up off me, but bigger bits and busses are better, right? Logic Up I figure if Adele can make Hello in Logic Pro X and I can edit the Debug podcast, it has to be pretty awesome. Because you can't get much wider a spectrum from genius to barely competent than that. Kidding aside, Apple's managed to make something incredibly impressive with Logic Pro X. It's a pro-app with enough power for the most successful, demanding pros in the industry, but it's also something someone completely unprofessional like me can launch, mess around with, and stumble out a perfectly usable podcast file. And that's amazing. Logic Pro X 10.3 is a free upgrade for existing customers and $199 for new customers. That's ridiculously cheap by the thousands-of-dollars-a-box norms of a few years ago, but expensive by modern App Store standards. 10.3 is the fifteenth free update Apple has pushed out for Logic Pro X, though, so there's proven value behind that pricing. Download now macOS Sierra macOS Sierra Review macOS Sierra FAQ macOS Sierra News Hub macOS Sierra Help Forum Like us! Share on Facebook 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Set to Reveal the Results of the Note7 Fire Investigations and Plan to Avoid Future Disasters | Main | Apple Sues Qualcomm for $1 Billion Claiming Unfair Exclusionary Tactics and Charging Excessive Royalties » January 20, 2017 Microsoft's CEO Thinks that Amazon's Alexa is Cortana's biggest Competitor, Not Siri   In September Patently Apple posted a report titled "Rumors Persist that Apple is Prototype Testing an All-New Siri-Centric Home Automation Device." Our report covered a future version of Apple TV acting as a home automation hub that would integrate Siri. In addition, our report covered a Bloomberg rumor that Apple was pressing ahead with the development of an Echo-like smart-home device.   During this year's CES trade show it was surprising to learn the extent to which Amazon's Alexa AI was being integrated into 2017 devices and home appliances. Perhaps the biggest surprise of all to me was Huawei's first U.S. smartphone launching with Amazon's Alexa instead of Google Assistant.   Apple was the first major tech company to integrate AI into their operating system when they introduced Siri for the iPhone. Apple had a huge lead over all of their competitors on this front. Now with the advances made with Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana, Apple appears to have fallen slightly behind the curve in the short run.   Yet Apple has recently brought Siri to the Mac while it's been available on Apple Watch and CarPlay well ahead of Alexa or Cortana on similar devices. So the notion that Apple is the one that's behind the curve because of a single in-home speaker box is quite delusional. In fact we first touched on this subject last summer in a report titled "Forbes Misguided View is that Apple has Missed the AI Revolution."   In the rear view mirror we can see one of Apple's long standing competitors steadily trying to get the jump on Apple. Microsoft created their Surface Brand to primarily compete directly with Apple's hardware; that's just a fact. So far they've introduced Surface tablets, the Surface Book notebook and more recently the Surface Studio desktop which had the media falling over themselves to report on. So much so that the MIT Review questioned whether Microsoft was now the new Apple.   Microsoft is trying to get the leap on Apple with HoloLens, Cloud computing and has been shown to be working on a next generation of smartphones with at least one model being able to unfold into a mini tablet.   In other words, Microsoft's first wave of products was to get close to Apple's lineup while they secretly prepared to get the leap on Apple with their next generation of products where Apple has no equal or is seen having a weak presence in. Cortana got the jump on Apple by getting to the PC first. Now they want their Cortana to get the leap on Apple again.   In an interview with CNN this week, Microsoft's CEO Satya Nadella talked about Cortana competing with Amazon's Alexa this year. That's right, Alexa, not Siri.       Cortana will begin to surface this year in more computers and third party devices like Harman/Kardon's Echo-like home device competitor, in Nissan and BMW's infotainment systems and beyond. More importantly, the push is to introduce a deeper form of AI that isn't available today where true conversations could take place, something that Viv, now owned by Samsung, talked about and demoed last year.   Hopefully Apple will unveil their Echo-like Siri based in-home device at their developer conference this summer and more importantly, perhaps we'll hear more about great new products emerging from third party developers taking advantage of Siri for things like kitchen appliances and other home automation products.   At the end of the day Microsoft may see Amazon's Alexa as their number one AI competitor, but it's Siri that is currently on more products than Alexa by a long shot – even if Microsoft's CEO and CNN's correspondent conveniently can't get themselves to admit that fact.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 20, 2017 at 11:41 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Releases a Brief Note 7 Investigation Report / Propaganda Video Supply Chain Claims that VR Headsets and HoloLens Component Orders are Disappointing for 2017 Despite Google's Objections, Samsung Confirms the Galaxy S8 will introduce their Viv-Based Digital Assistant Reality Strikes Samsung as Smartphone Sales Drop to Lowest Level since 2011 Apple Granted 35 Patents Today Covering Apple Watch Smart Links, In-Air Gaming Gesturing and Apple Watch Wall Street Punishes Qualcomm after their Number One Client Apple Sues them for Out of Control Royalties & More Softbank's Sprint Acquires a 33% Stake in Music Service 'Tidal' Apple wins Several Watch Band Design Patents in Hong Kong & Trademarks the Name of their new Design Book Xiaomi Ousts Hugo Barra after the Company's Smartphone Market Share Tanked last Quarter Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Lawsuit wants Apple to stop iPhone users from texting while driving By Levi Sumagaysay / January 20, 2017 at 10:36 AM Apple has a patent on technology that would prevent texting while driving. A new lawsuit is demanding that the iPhone maker use it. Julio Ceja, of Costa Mesa, was involved in a car accident in which his vehicle was hit by a driver who was reportedly using her iPhone. He is suing Apple, seeking an injunction against iPhone sales in California until the Silicon Valley tech giant installs “a lock-out device that will disable the iPhone while being driven by an engaged motorist,” according to the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles Superior Court this week. (HT AppleInsider) Ceja also asks that Apple update all iPhones with the technology. Ceja’s lawsuit, a class action that names Ceja and “others similarly situated” as plaintiffs, isn’t the first legal action related to the patent that Apple applied for in 2008 and was awarded in 2014. The patent has recently been cited in court cases involving fatal accidents in Texas in 2013 and 2014. In the 2014 case, the driver who caused the death of a 5-year-old girl was said to be using FaceTime, the video-calling feature on the iPhone. This newest lawsuit accuses Apple of  being “fearful” that deploying its patented technology “would cause it to lose valuable market share.” The suit cites federal and state data about distracted driving as well as texting, and alleges that Apple’s “refusal to install the lock-out device on its phones is causing the death of approximately 312 Californians each year.” Apple has not responded to SiliconBeat’s request for comment.   Photo: Apple iPhone 7 Plus models. (Courtesy Apple) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, driving, iPhone, lawsuit, patent, texting   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now January 24, 2017   Silicon Valley preppers stock up on ammo, real estate and more January 24, 2017   Amazon makes streaming history with Oscar nomination for best picture January 24, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Iggy1 Ok, I don’t think texting and driving is a good idea at all. But trying to drag Apple into the situation because somebody else made a poor choice is just greedy. Clearly this guy is just trying to capitalize big time on his situation. Jason Bouchard Agreed. Also, why only Apple? What about Samsung and the other mobile companies? Also, have people ever considered that you can do more than just texting with your phone? Like, playing games, such as Pokemon GO, go on social media or even change songs that wasn’t initially in your playlist (if you listen to music while driving)? Cupertino Jay never owned a smart phone, but still gotta wonder how Apple software could disable a phone’s use by a moving car’s Driver, yet allow passenger use.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Tesla increases range of Model S, vows relentless innovation IBM promises Trump-friendly domestic jobs, but is firing… Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Track Trump website focuses on president’s first 100… Twitter made more than half a million people follow…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Happy Hour Podcast 103 | Latest iPad and MacBook Pro rumors, 10 features we want in the next macOS, more Zac Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 10:32 am PT @apollozac Happy Hour Podcast View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Benjamin and Zac discuss Apple’s latest Logic and GarageBand updates, Apple TV’s app size increase, iPad launch timing, Kaby Lake MacBook Pro rumors, and macOS features Apple could add this year. 9to5Mac’s Happy Hour podcast is available for download on iTunes and Apple’s Podcasts app, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players. New episodes of Happy Hour are available every week. As mentioned, you can download this podcast via iTunes or plug in our RSS feed link into your favorite podcasting app. Note: Subscribing to the podcast feed will guarantee the latest episode is downloaded as soon as possible. Hosts: Benjamin Mayo Zac Hall Here’s what we discussed in this episode: Apple launches Logic Pro X 10.3 w/ customizable Touch Bar, GarageBand/iCloud syncing, refreshed UI & top requested pro features Apple releases GarageBand 2.2 for iOS w/ Alchemy synth, FX pane, refreshed design, Logic integration & more Apple increases app size restriction for tvOS apps from 200MB to 4GB Supply-chain reports back 10.5-inch iPad Pro reports, however suggests delay until second half of year KGI: Apple planning Kaby Lake processor updates for MacBook & MacBook Pros this year, 32GB RAM option for 15-inch Opinion: Why we need a Podcasts app for Mac, not just iTunes iCloud Photo Journals Sponsor: Blue Apron — visit BlueApron.com/9to5 to check out this week’s menu and get your first three meals free — with free shipping.  Feedback? Drop us a line at happyhour@9to5mac.com. Remember: Subscribe on iTunes to catch all of the episodes as they go live and thanks for listening! Guides 9to5Mac Happy Hour Podcast A weekly podcast discussing the latest in Apple and technology. View THe Guide Podcast View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology emoji Technology Redhead emoji FINALLY on the cards after long campaign for ginger equality Apple is hosting a meeting next week, where Silicon Valley bosses will discuss the introduction of a ginger emoji  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 10:06, 23 JAN 2017 Technology  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email It's been a long time coming, but redheads could finally be getting the emoji they've always wanted. Apple is hosting a meeting of the Unicode Technical Committee next week, where Silicon Valley bosses are expected to discuss the introduction of a new range of ginger emoji. The committee will consider several different approaches to implementing a redhead emoji, according to the committee's proposal document . These range from a new "person with red hair" emoji, which would come in both male and female variants, to custom hair "tags", which could be applied to any existing emoji - such as the runner, dancer, or facepalm. (Photo: Emojipedia) "With a slim 1-2% of the population having red hair, it's yet to be determined if this would justify every emoji having a redhead version made available," said Jeremy Burge, editor of Emojipedia, in a blog post . "Also undetermined is whether an implementation which limits redheads to a single redheaded man or woman emoji would satiate demand." Read More Apple's new set of emojis includes a touching tribute to David Bowie The lack of a ginger emoji has been a bone of contention for many years. A petition for a redhead emoji on Change.org , started in 2015, now has over 20,000 signatures. "Despite the recent racial and sexual 'diversification' of Apple's emoji... there's still an important group of people missing from the emoji family of 300 new symbols," the petition states. (Photo: Emojipedia) "Redheads. In all their glorious gingerness, they've been missed out. Again. If you say you're going to diversify, why not add a few red-haired emoji in the mix? "Natural redheads may be rare at less than 2% of the world's population, but that is 138,000,000 iPhones waiting to happen." Read More Apple iOS 10.2 update: The emojis that best sum up 2016 have arrived on iPhone just in time As the UK's fastest growing language , emoji characters need to represent of a broad range of people. Last year, Apple released a set of racially diverse emoji faces , allowing users to choose the skin tone that best represents them. (Photo: Emojipedia) The Unicode Consortium also recently approved a selection of same-sex couple emoji and a rainbow flag , which is commonly used by the LGBT movement as a symbol of gay pride. Burge cautioned that no formal decision has been made on whether a redhead emoji should or would be approved at all. Read More England, Wales and Scotland will finally get their own flag emojis in 2017 "The outcome of this discussion may shed more light on if this will happen, and if so, how extensive the redhead support will be," he said. With the Unicode 10.0 release just months away, the redhead emoji would likely appear in 2018 at the earliest. poll loading Do you think there should be a redhead emoji? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Silicon Valley PLC iPhone emoji Technology all Most Read Most Recent WhatsAppiPhone users can finally send WhatsApp messages without an internet connection - here's how Latest WhatsApp update means you no longer have to wait to get back online to send Video GamesPokémon Duel: The follow-up to Pokémon Go is landing on iOS and Android devices today A new Pokémon mobile game has rolled out on iOS and Android devices today ComputersThe genius reason Microsoft put Solitaire on every computer – and it has nothing to do with entertainment Mind games ComputersMan who buys old Windows laptop online for $5 gets an awesome surprise when he turns it on He wasn't even expecting it to turn on, let alone have this weird theme Pirate BayPirate Bay users to get hit with extra warnings as internet providers clamp down on illegal torrents Anyone using torrent sites is set to get hit with fresh warnings in a bid to clamp down on illegal file-sharing AndroidYour Android phone's lock pattern can be cracked in just five attempts - here's how to protect yourself Pattern Lock is a popular protection method for Android devices, but it could be putting you at risk WhatsAppiPhone users can finally send WhatsApp messages without an internet connection - here's how Latest WhatsApp update means you no longer have to wait to get back online to send Video GamesXbox Live Games with Gold: The latest Xbox One and Xbox 360 free games for February 2017 Star Wars, sports cars and undead pirates await in the free games for Xbox Live Gold subscribers in February Video GamesPokémon Duel: The follow-up to Pokémon Go is landing on iOS and Android devices today A new Pokémon mobile game has rolled out on iOS and Android devices today ToysFuturistic Meccano models blend toys with technology to create kids' ultimate robot companion From programming to infrared scanning, these new products help kids learn while they play Most Read Most Recent TattoosArtist's 30 hour 'labour of love' to transform man's old tribal tattoo is absolutely breathtaking Tattoo artist Ben Boston is now booked until 2018 CarsSelfish driver parks Audi in stranger's driveway - so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS The cheeky driver who had no way of getting his car out sat in the driveway fuming, and had to call a friend for help Prisons'Cannibal' prisoners 'feast on human flesh of fellow inmate' cooked on barbecue as 26 killed in 10-day riot WARNING: Contains distressing images. The prisoner holds up a skewer draped in lumps of human 'meat' said to be from member of rival drug gang January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Liverpool, Arsenal, Manchester United and Chelsea latest from the January window Stick with us as we bring you all the latest news, rumours, gossip and done deals from the January sales Prince WilliamThe simple reason Prince William never wears a wedding ring Don't worry Coleen NolanColeen Nolan is worried James C could get violent on Celebrity Big Brother The actor has said he's disappointed with all the games in the house BrexitWho is pro-EU campaigner Gina Miller who brought Brexit vote before the Supreme Court? The 51-year-old investment manager fought the Government all the way to the highest court in the land over her belief that MPs, not the Prime Minister, should decide on Britain’s departure from the EU Royal NavyBungling Royal Navy warship commanders "fired surface-to-air missile at Wales" Chiefs did not bother to inform Downing Street of the potentially-catastrophic mishap Africa Cup of NationsMorocco 1-0 Ivory Coast: Holders eliminated from Africa Cup of Nations at the group stage Wilfried Bony, Eric Bailly and Wilfried Zaha are set for an early return to Premier League action after the Elephants failed to win a single game in defence of their title in Gabon Africa Cup of NationsEmmanuel Adebayor struggles for Togo as DR Congo secure AFCON Group C top spot with 3-1 win Emmanuel Adebayor could not inspire Togo to a surprise victory but did have a golden chance to level the game Top Stories Piers MorganPiers Morgan brands Ewan McGregor a 'paedophile loving hypocrite' after Good Morning Britain snub The onslaught came after the actor refused to appear on Good Morning Britain over Morgan’s criticism of women marching against Donald Trump BrexitWhat exactly does the Brexit Supreme Court ruling mean - and what will happen next? A Brexplanation There must now be a full Act of Parliament - although this can be just one line long and there is no time limit on it WhatsAppiPhone users can finally send WhatsApp messages without an internet connection - here's how Latest WhatsApp update means you no longer have to wait to get back online to send HospitalsFirst picture of 'bed-blocker' who was evicted from hospital after refusing to leave for TWO YEARS Adriano Guedes, 63, was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Gorleston, Norfolk, in 2014 before the hospital eventually obtained a court order to remove him EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £76 million jackpot on Tuesday, January 24 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... InquestsDistraught mum goes into teenage son's bedroom in morning and finds him hanged Tragic Elliot Stapleton-Giddins, 18, was found hanging in his bedroom by his distraught mother at the home they shared in Stony Stratford, Bucks Donald TrumpDonald Trump still believes 'millions' of people voted illegally in election but won't investigate because 'he won' Press secretary says Trump has a "longstanding belief" based on "studies he's seen". But he was unable to cite any studies that showed evidence of voter fraud Merseyside PoliceMan found dead and 'girlfriend' stabbed in same street as neighbours describe hearing screams Shocked neighbours have described hearing screams from a flat in Litherland, Sefton, moments before police arrived and found the woman seriously injured Prince WilliamHere's the very simple reason why Prince William never wears a wedding ring Don't worry ISISISIS propaganda footage shows young terrorists using drones to drop bombs on battlefield as children celebrate destruction The clip taken in the Iraqi city of Mosul shows the jihadis fully utilising the weapon against US-backed forces for the first time after releasing a trailer on Monday Joyriding'Speed addict' joyrider who left dad for dead racks up 16th driving conviction despite never passing test Adam Marsden, described as being 'addicted to speed', was driving at nearly 60mph when he hit plasterer Nicholas Horner as he crossed the road Paris JacksonExplosive Paris Jackson interview claims dad Michael Jackson was MURDERED and reveals suicide attempts after sex assault The 18-year-old has also opened up about her battle with depression before trying to take her own life four years ago News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Qualcomm Faces a Nasty New Lawsuit Regarding Apple The FTC accuses the chipmaker of bribing Apple to neglect WiMax networks. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jan 20, 2017 at 1:43PM The U.S. Federal Trade Commission recently filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), claiming that the mobile chipmaker leveraged its portfolio of crucial wireless patents to force competitors out of the market. The Commission claims that Qualcomm charged its baseband modem competitors higher license fees for its wireless patents, making it more expensive for smartphone makers to use rival modems. Image source: Qualcomm. At the center of this case is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which once considered launching an iPhone for the 4G WiMax networks championed by Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Sprint (NYSE:S). Qualcomm opposed WiMax, since it generated much lower royalties from that standard, and supported the LTE standard instead. The FTC claims that to prevent Apple from launching a WiMax iPhone after Sprint deployed its first WiMax network in 2008, Qualcomm "agreed to rebate to Apple royalties" received from the iPhone maker's contract manufacturers "in excess of a specified per-handset cap." In other words, Qualcomm allegedly let Apple pay lower royalties to secure a long-term spot in the iPhone, lock rivals out of the baseband market, and deal a fatal blow to the WiMax standard. The consequences of that deal That alleged deal certainly helped Qualcomm, which remained Apple's exclusive supplier of baseband modems until the iPhone 7, which uses both Qualcomm and Intel modems. Qualcomm's biggest baseband modem rivals -- Texas Instruments and Broadcom -- both retreated from the market as Qualcomm's market share rose. The death of WiMax dealt a devastating blow to Sprint, which had invested billions in a dying standard and was forced to invest billions more in LTE networks. The FTC didn't outline any specific penalties against Qualcomm, but ordered it "to cease its anticompetitive conduct and take actions to restore competitive conditions." But with the iPhone 7's modem production already split between Qualcomm and Intel, Qualcomm could easily argue that "competitive conditions" have been restored. Furthermore, Qualcomm could note that Intel's payment of "contra revenues" (discounted chips, co-marketing agreements, and financial assistance in redesigning logic boards) to OEMs in exchange for using its mobile Atom chips was similar to its rebate agreement with Apple. The sound and fury (probably) signifies nothing Most importantly, a Republican-led FTC probably won't prosecute Qualcomm. The FTC voted 2-1 to charge Qualcomm -- with two Democrats supporting the lawsuit and one Republican, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, voting against it, declaring that there was "no robust economic evidence" of anticompetitive effects from the deal. One of those Democrats has already resigned, and the other commissioner's term will expire soon. President-elect Trump is expected to name Ohlhausen as the acting chairwoman, and the new vacancies could be filled with Republicans who will likely support Ohlhausen's argument. Therefore, Qualcomm could simply receive a slap on the wrist without any serious fines. But the antitrust drama isn't over yet... Even if the FTC lawsuit fades away, Qualcomm still faces billions of dollars in overseas fines. Chinese regulators hit Qualcomm with a $975 million fine and forced it to lower its licensing fees in 2015, South Korea fined it $854 million at the end of 2016, and it could face up to $3 billion in additional fines in Europe and Taiwan -- which are both currently investigating the company for anticompetitive practices. These lawsuits could all hurt Qualcomm's QTL (licensing) business, which generates the lion's share of its profits and offsets the lower margins of its QCT (chipmaking) business. With margins declining across the heavily commoditized smartphone market, more OEMs and regulators will likely revolt against Qualcomm's 3G/4G licensing fees -- which can equal up to 5% of a device's wholesale price. That could put tremendous pressure on Qualcomm's earnings over the next few quarters. Should investors worry about these lawsuits? The lawsuits against Qualcomm reveal how badly the commoditization of the smartphone market hurts the company. Its QCT revenues are falling due to fierce competition from cheaper ARM licensees like MediaTek, but its QTL revenues are also being weighed down by desperate OEMs which hope lower licensing fees can help them squeeze out more profits per handset. These antitrust lawsuits won't sink Qualcomm, which is expected to generate nearly $24 billion in revenues this year. But they represent a dangerous paradigm shift in the market, and explains why the chipmaker is aggressively diversifying into adjacent markets like connected cars, drones, wearables, and Internet of Things devices. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jan 20, 2017 at 1:43PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Sprint NYSE:S $9.19 up $0.01 (0.05%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.60 up $0.83 (2.27%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $77.10 up $1.37 (1.80%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $197.75 up $6.75 (3.53%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Qualcomm Faces a Nasty New Lawsuit Regarding Apple @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $S, $INTC, $QCOM, $TXN, $AVGO
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 20 GOOG: 805.02 2.85 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Moto X Pure 64GB $250, Mpow Car Air Vent Phone Mount $10, more Stephen Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 9:55 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Motorola Moto X Pure 4G 64GB Android (Unlocked): $250 (Reg. $350) Best Buy Two-Day Sale: Pioneer 7-inch CarPlay Receiver $500 (or less), Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse $65, much more Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Car Air Vent Magnetic Phone Mount $10 Prime shipped (Reg. $13), more Save an extra $25 off $100+ at Best Buy w/ Visa Checkout: Powerbeats3 $129, Fitbit Charge 2 $105, more Best of NAMM 2017: Pocket Synthesizers, new Logic Pro X features, iOS Interfaces, MPC X and much more The Best Nintendo Switch Accessories: Chargers, Console Stands, Backpacks and more MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Grab Apple’s latest 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar in both colors for $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) Best Buy offers the latest 13-inch 256GB MacBook Air for as little as $975 shipped (Reg. $1,199) You can get a brand new Apple laptop today for less than $800 shipped: current gen 13-inch MacBook Air $200 off Games/Apps: Madden NFL 17 lowest price ever $20, iOS freebies, more Daily Deals: Philips Wake-Up Light $110, Canon All-In-One Printer w/ AirPrint $100, more 4-pack AmazonBasics AAA Rechargeable Batteries for $5.50 Prime shipped (all-time low) Ovente’s highly-rated Glass Cordless Electric Kettle is back down to just $20 Now’s the time to stockpile! Levi’s Men’s 513 Slim-Straight Jean, various sizes: $17 Enjoy a nice Italian meal for less: $20 Buca di Beppo Gift card for $10 (50% discount) Soothe your aches and pains w/ the TriggerPoint Extra Firm GRID Foam Roller: $27.50 Turn any can or bottle into “expert draft-quality beer”: Fizzics Waytap Dispenser for $100 Best Buy’s two-day sale includes up to $325 off Apple’s latest 12-inch MacBook Angry Birds Space for iPhone/iPad goes free for the first time in over a year (Reg. up to $3) The Apple Award-winning Smart Alarm Clock for iOS goes free for the very first time (Reg. $2) Apple Mac App of the Year winner Affinity Photo now matching lowest price ever at $40 Grab Apple’s latest 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar in both colors for $1,800 shipped Best Buy offers the latest 13-inch 256GB MacBook Air for as little as $975 shipped You can get a brand new Apple laptop today for less than $800 shipped MORE DEALS STILL LIVE:   TP-LINK’s new Wi-Fi Smart Plug has a slimmer design and Alexa control: $35 Prime shipped (Reg. $50) Control up to five outlets wirelessly in your home: Aukey 5-piece kit with two remotes for $22 Prime shipped (Reg. $28) Save on Caseology’s latest iPhone 7/6/s/Plus and Galaxy S7 cases w/ these exclusive promo codes, from $7 Prime shipped Garmin’s vívosmart HR Activity Tracker: $85 (Reg. $110+) Dyson refurbished Vacuum Cleaner$170 Snow Joe 15-inch Electric Snow Blower Bundle $88 Mackie CR3 Studio Monitors, are on sale for $75 (Reg. $100) TP-Link Gigabit Wireless Router for $150 (25% savings) Tenergy’s best-selling 11W LED Desk Lamp: $19.50 (Reg. $25) Aukey Sweat-proof Bluetooth Headphones $13, more LEGO Deals: Star Wars Kylo Ren’s Shuttle $84, more Office Supplies: 100-Pack Ballpoint Pens $5.50, more DJI’s Phantom 4 Quadcopter $735 (Orig. $1,400) Aukey USB-C/A Wall Charger $18 Prime shipped, more Daydream View VR headset from just $49 MyProtein Impact Whey Protein $49.50 for an 11-lb bag Two-pack Hallomall Outdoor Solar LED Lights $30, more RAVPower’s Travel Router is ideal for road warriors: $30 Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper $11 55-inch 4K OLED Ultra HDTV from LG: $1,499 (Reg. $2,000) Play Monopoly Game of Thrones style for just $36 (Reg. $60) Console Wars dives into Sega and Nintendo’s battle: $2 Best Buy is offering the BELLA 2.5L Air Fryer down at $50 Mpow Bluetooth Headphones $19.50, more Transcend 128GB JetDrive Card for $55 (Reg. $70) Resistance Band Set $20 Prime shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Leica re-imagines its popular M10 camera with a slimmer design, iPhone-connectivity and more Dave Smith Instruments is back with the brand new REV2 16-voice poly synth Carved unleashes its new Acorn Acoustic Bluetooth speaker with a unique design After its Kickstarter success, the minimalistic Beeline bicycle computer is now available Teenage Engineering’s new PO-32 pocket synth goes high-tech with Mac connectivity IK Multimedia updates its lineup of iOS/Mac recording devices w/ the new iRig Pro I/O interface Vizio’s SmartCast products, including its Sonos competitors, now work with Google Home Ever wanted to play as modern-day players or Hilary Clinton in NBA Jam for SNES? Plezmo is the latest STEM-based kids’ coding kit for iOS and Android on Kickstarter Volt V Computer is a beautiful (and pricey) alternative to traditional PCs Bragi is finally shipping ‘The Headphone’, its cord-free AirPod competitor after delays The carbon fiber GoTube Electric Scooter folds up and weighs just 13-pounds Here’s the release date/price for Nintendo Switch + Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, more [Videos] The SpeedX Unicorn Road bike has raised nearly $1 million on Kickstarter Steadicam’s new Volt gimbal system brings “smooth and shake-free” movements to your iPhone Microsoft releases a pair of new Xbox One Wireless Controllers, more Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple iPhone leaks could be over as Apple partner builds secretive new factory in China Chris Mills BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share For years, the Apple rumormill has subsisted for the months before an iPhone launch solely on blurry photos of prototype components smuggled out of Chinese factories. The components make it out into the world because of the difficulties involved with prototyping components at speed and then rush-shipping them to the US — somewhere in there, leaks happen. Don't Miss: Android’s biggest strength is driving people to the iPhone So, something that looks like a minor piece of industry news could cause major problems for iPhone watchers. Apple has already announced that it will be building an R&D center in Shenzen, the Chinese city where its iPhones are already assembled. Now, according to Nikkei Asian Review, Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn will be setting up a prototyping factory right next door. Presumably, components will be designed in Apple’s center, sent over the road for prototype manufacturing, and delivered to Apple for tweaks — all without a single blogger getting one blurry photograph of the proceedings. Secrecy may genuinely be a motivating factor for Apple, given that its products have been heavily leaked in the past few years, which reduces Apple’s famous showmanship value when whipping the covers off a new device. But bigger benefits are probably to be found in faster prototyping and tighter links between R&D and the manufacturing process. Reports around recent iPhone launches have hinted that Apple is rushing to get features out of the door, which leads to phones launching with incomplete designs — the iPhone 7 Plus’s signature Portrait Mode was enabled a month after the phone shipped to customers — or deadlines being missed altogether, like the months-delayed AirPods. One Apple source told BGR that the AirPod delay was due to problems going from prototype to mass production, and Apple had to fly teams of engineers out to China to help teams there troubleshoot. The obvious solution to fix that in the future is more closely integrated R&D, prototyping and manufacturing, which sounds exactly like what Apple and Foxconn are trying to do in Shenzen. The Nikkei report also shines a light on the more political side of Apple and Chinese manufacturing. Despite receiving an invitation, Foxconn Chairman Terry Gou will not be attending Trump’s inauguration at the orders of Chinese authorities. They apparently have concerns over Foxconn’s plans to build highly automated factories in the US, one option that would be on the table were President Trump to impose import tariffs on Chinese-made electronics. Trending right now: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL These are the dash cams your car has been waiting for Tesla quietly released the longest-range electric car in the world See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
2017 MacBook Air Update: iPad Pro Likely to Cause MacBook Air’s Termination Share Tweet Email 0 NEXT Two More Slim ZenBooks With 7th-Generation Intel Processor Latinpost Facebook Latinpost Twitter Latinpost Google+ Latinpost instagram Latinpost RSS Tuesday, January 24, 2017 | Updated at 4:11 PM ET Latin Issues & ImmigrationLatin Issues & Immigration Latin EntrepreneursLatin Entrepreneurs Latin EntertainmentLatin Entertainment Latin Life & CultureLatin Life & Culture Latin StatisticsLatin Statistics Home US&World Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break Sections X Home US&WORLD Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Real Estate Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break LATEST NEWS Iggy Azalea May Be in Relationship with Producer LJay Currie - Details Here!January 24 12:09 PM EST Surface Pro 4 Deals: Microsoft Now Offers Tablet at Only $799 - Details Here!January 24 12:08 PM EST Justin Beiber Jealous Over Selena Gomez, The Weeknd Romance; Here's What the 'Sorry' Singer SaidJanuary 24 10:28 AM EST T-Mobile Launches 'One' Plan For All Without Any Hidden Costs Or ConditionsJanuary 24 04:16 AM EST NASA Discovery: Hawaii Paving Way For Human Travel To MarsJanuary 24 01:17 AM EST Bizarre Caterpillar Spotted, Making Armor Of Leaf For The First TimeJanuary 23 06:36 PM EST Prime Minister Theresa May Reveals Modern Industrial Strategy for Britain's Global EnhancementJanuary 23 01:30 PM EST Advertisement 2017 MacBook Air Update: iPad Pro Likely to Cause MacBook Air’s Termination By Kanika Gupta (staff@latinpost.com) First Posted: Jan 20, 2017 12:39 PM EST Share This Tweet This Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs holds up the new Mac Book Air after he delivered the keynote speech to kick off the 2008 Macworld at the Moscone Center January 15, 2008 in San Francisco, California. (Photo : David Paul Morris/Getty Images) Share This Tweet This Now as per the latest rumors, Apple may discontinue their MacBook Air lineup due to meagre sales in 2016. According to industry experts, the company's decision to terminate their entry level laptops can be attributed to iPad Pro. According to reports, the hybrid tablet, iPad Pro was well received by the users who get productivity of a laptop and convenience of a tablet. The unsatisfactory sale of MacBook Air can also be blamed on Apple's decision to dilute the MacBook brand, Forbes reported. Even though the company introduced several models, they barely had any notable upgrades, while others were downright redundant. Moreover, the phenomenal success of iPad Pro put MacBook Air in a tough spot, especially as Apple is planning to launch iPad Pro 2. The device is not only going to be much faster, but will also be compatible with a mouse and a keyboard, making it almost like MacBook Air, only better and more sophisticated. Advertisement The company will obviously want their iPad Pro 2 to catch up with the consumers, that could only mean bad news for the Air variant as it will be phased out sooner than thought. With iPad's ability to be work as productively as a laptop and still offer ease of a compact device, MacBook Air's lifeline looks blurred at best. Meanwhile, in-line with the rumors, Apple has already discontinued their 11-inch Air models and only 13-inch variants now remain available for purchase, MacRumors reported. Rumors in 2016 had already indicated that the lineup will most likely be terminated. But if the company is holding on it, it is safe to assume that they see value in their Air variants. Since has been particularly focusing on MacBook Pro recently, it should not come as a surprise if other models are neglected, until they are completely removed. SEE ALSO ‘Iron Man 4’ Update: Robert Downey Jr. Giving Preference to ‘Sherlock Holmes 3’ over Tony Stark; Next Iron Man May be a Girl DC’s Upcoming ‘Wonder Woman’ Plagued by Same Problem as ‘Suicide Squad, ‘Justice League’ & ‘Batman Vs Superman;’ Film is a Disaster, Reveals Insider ‘Grimm’ Season 6 Episode 3 Spoilers: ‘Oh Captain, My Captain’ To Feature an Interesting Twist; Nick to Transform into Renard Tagsmacbook air 2017, Apple iPad Pro 2 release date, iPad Pro rumors, macbook air rumors Advertisement Advertisement © 2015 Latin Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. US&World Argentina & U.S Trade Agreements Obama Trade Agreements Unaccompanied Immigrant Children Sent to Live with Undocumented Adults Who May Be in US Illegally A Department of Health and Human Services study found 22,798 unaccompanied children were housed with parents, aunts, uncles, or other close relatives between September 2015 and February 2016, nearly equaling the total of the previous 12-month period. Drug Smuggling Tunnel Running from San Diego to Mexico, $22 Million in Cocaine Seized by Federal Agents Latino Small Business Booms in Southern California, But Not Revenues Immigrants Rushing to Become US Citizens, Earn Right to Vote, Have Voices Their Heard on Immigration Mexico Marijuana Legalization, Drug Possession Decriminalization Becomes Focus for President Enrique Peña Nieto Latin American Governments Paid This Company to Spy on Their Citizens SPORTS Atomhawk Design The Last Jedi NBA News: Former Laker Smush Parker Wants To Team With Former Teammates Kobe Bryant and Lamar Odom On Ice Cube's 'Big3' league Former Lakers guard Smush Parker wants to join Ice Cube's new 3-on-3 league, the Big3. In terms of teammates, he was very specific: he wants to team up again with former teammates Kobe Bryant and Lamar Odom. Conor McGregor Update: Fight with Mayweather Could End McGregor's Career NBA News: The Chicago Bulls Reaching Breaking Point? Jimmy Butler Reportedly 'Not Impressed' NBA News: LeBron Playing For 2020 Olympics Will Depend Largely On Gregg Popovich Hulls' Ryan Mason Suffers Fracturing Skull After Clashing With Chelsea Gary Cahill Khris Middleton Could Return to Milwaukee Bucks Before All-Star Break Kings Confirm Rudy Gay Will Miss the Rest Of The Season With A Torn Achilles Tendon From our partner WATCH: This Poet's Reimagining of Drake's Dominican Grandmother is Hilarious Donald Trump Repeats Lie About Losing Popular Vote Because of Millions of Illegal Ballots Laurie Hernandez's New Book is All the Inspiration You'll Ever Need WATCH: This Vlogger Perfectly Hits On the Hilarious Struggles of Being Mexican American Subscribe to LatinPost! Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for the latest in-depth coverage! Close Advertisement 1 Mexico-based Startup Platzi is Teaching Professional Skills to Latin America One Subscriber at a Time - How This Can Increase Employment Opportunities for Latinos 2 Latinos Helping Latinos: Camino Financial Helps Business Owners Get Loans Up to $500K 3 John Leguizamo's Media Marketing Startup is Expanding with New Full-Scale Production Studios 4 $350,000 Raised for Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, After His Photo and Story Go Viral 5 Run a Startup Accelerator? Here's How to Compete for $50,000 in Gov. Funding from the Small Business Administration 6 Here's What Makes a Good Location for Latino Entrepreneurs to Start a Successful Business Advertisement Our Picks 'Fullmetal Alchemist' Movie Latest News & Updates: Warner Bros. Japan Releases First Look at Edward, Alphonse Elric [TRAILER] Latest PS4 Trailer Revealed Console Exclusives To Be Launched in 2017 [VIDEO] 'Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius' News & Update: Ariana Grande's 'Dangerous Woman' Costume to be Featured in Mobile Game [DETAILS] 'The Expendables 4' soon to start filming, movie will have something different 'Devil May Cry 5' Latest News & Update: Hideaki Itsuno May Unveil New Game in 2017 [RUMORS] Samsung to reveal the cause behind the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, suggests report What to Expect in 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 9; Bonnie Might Become A Vampire The truth of real parentage for Michael Jackson's children PlayStation Plus Owners to Get Day of the Tentacle Remastered and More in January 2017 Fadi Fawaz woke up and finds shocking twitter messages on his account claiming that boyfriend George Michael tried to kill himself many times before finally dying on Christmas Day. Apple has not recovered from it’s slower than expected iPhone sales last year and will slash production during the next months according to reports. ‘The Big Bang Theory’ wraps up the holiday season with an episode that will feature the whole gang including Mary Cooper, Bernadette and Howard’s new baby Hallie and pirate Sheldon. FCC Filing Hints That the Nintendo Switch Won't Support 3G or LTE 'Justice League' main villain Steppenwolf explored in details Top 10 most anticipated movies of 2017: 'Star Wars: Episode VIII', 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2', Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' and many more NASA has huge plans for 2017: Missions to Mars, Saturn and Jupiter; monitoring total Eclipse and more Apple's upcoming iPhone to display Samsung's AMOLED panel, says report Don’t miss it! Politics TURNOUT: Latina Congressional Candidate Dolly Elizondo Hopes to Break Glass Ceiling in Lone Star State Politics TURNOUT: Mexican-American Ruben Kihuen Hopes to Bring Progressive Work Ethic to Congress Politics TURNOUT: Lucy Flores Fights to Solve Issues Affecting Hard-Working Families LATIN POST TV more video  Rogue One New Trailer Suspenses Viewers Iowa Flooding Map and Rainfall Pattern (Satellite Video) Quejas Contra Trump en el Sur de California - Costa Mesa, Santa Ana Punto de Quiebra, el Trailer en EspaÃ±ol: Aguante las Olas REEL SALAZARS - Movie Reviews Entertainment "It" Updates: A new Pennywise the Clown teaser photo released Entertainment Ryan Gosling to play the role of astronaut Neil A. Armstrong in biopic movie Entertainment The Flash: Villains That Scarlet Speedster Should Fight In The Movie Latin Post Tweets by @https://twitter.com/Latin_Post Categories US&Politics Laws&Immigration Biz&Economy Life&Culture Tech Entertainment YouTube News Sports Categories About us Privacy Policy Contact us Topics Jobs Latin Post Style Guide Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google + RSS FacebookTwitter
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Secretaries’ panel to meet today, discuss Apple’s plans S Ronendra Singh comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet PTI Apple has been seeking exemption from the 30 per cent domestic- sourcing norms To debate issues around the firm’s manufacturing facility, exemptions New Delhi, January 20:   US-based mobilephone giant Apple may soon get an answer to its ambitious plans in India. A Committee of Secretaries will meet on Saturday to discuss issues around Apple’s manufacturing facility in India, including full exemption from domestic-sourcing norms and repair inputs and single-brand retail trading. Apple has been seeking exemption from the 30 per cent domestic-sourcing norms on the ground that it makes ‘state-of-the-art’ and ‘cutting-edge’ technology products for which local sourcing is not possible. The government had turned down the request and also the firm’s proposal to import refurbished phones and sell them in India. But, now the government is ready to at least look into the requests. The meeting follows Apple’s recent letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking the Centre’s support in addressing some ‘pre-requisites’ the company thinks would benefit the objectives of Make in India. “The meeting is scheduled for January 21, and the Committee of Secretaries includesthe Secretaries of the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, the Commerce Ministry and the Ministry of Electronics and IT,” a government official told BusinessLine. According to other sources, Amitabh Kant, Chief Executive Officer at NITI Aayog, is also expected to attend the meeting. “Some conditions (pre-requisites) such as full exemption on manufacturing and repair inputs (raw materials), advance pricing agreement process, and single-brand retail trading, may impact others and raise questions to the government,” said a senior government official. According to some experts and officials from within the government, it would disturb the balance and may also impact the present trend of mobile manufacturing in India, if all the ‘pre-requisites’ are considered for Apple in India. ‘Structures request’ Having said that, the official also said the ‘final call’ is most likely be taken by the Prime Minister himself after all due diligence. According to Minister of Electronics and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad, India welcomes Apple in India, but only if there is a “structured request”. “If a structured request comes from them, we will surely consider with an open mind,” he had told reporters after a Cabinet briefing on Thursday. If all considered, the Cupertino-based company is planning to enter India in two phases — a manufacturing facility by April-May, and an expansion of the capacity to fulfil domestic demand and expand to some of the export markets, too — as per the letter to the Prime Minister. A team from Apple will also give a presentation on January 25 to senior officials of various government departments. However, the government is also under pressure because there have been a lot of reports saying other manufacturers would be impacted if the government favours the iPhone and iPad maker. (This article was published on January 20, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS lifestyle and leisure | mobile phones | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED CIO Angel Network exits ​InstaSafe BSNL offers 30 minutes free calls a day to new users at Rs 149 HCL Technologies Q3 net up 7.8% RJio impact: Airtel Q3 net down 55% to ₹504 cr HCL puts up a strong show, yet again Hyperloop One to unveil tech by March; betting big on India Cyient subsidiary to acquire US-based Certon Software Oracle preparing to compete with AWS Uber to launch on-demand food delivery app UberEATS in India soon HCL Tech hiring more locals, says visa dependency down LATEST NEWS ‘Unknown sources’ make up 69% of parties’ income Gold loses sheen in short term on note ban: WGC ‘Bhikaji Cama flyover completely safe’ Gold craze: Some like it plain, while some want it chunky SBI wealth management product launched in Kochi More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Aircel asks court to keep DoT, lenders at bay Aircel has filed a petition with the Supreme Court to pass an order preventing any coercive action by the telecom department or lenders,... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 106m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Who is Ben Chaplin? Here’s all you need to know about the Apple Tree Yard star Elizabeth Adetula for Metro.co.ukFriday 20 Jan 2017 6:16 pm Ben Chaplin starring as Mark Costley in new BBC thriller Apple Tree Yard (Picture: BBC) British actor Ben Chaplin stars in new BBC drama Apple Tree Yard as Mark Costley, alongside Emily Watson as Yvonne Carmichael. The new ‘provocative thriller’, which sees an esteemed middle-aged geneticist caught up in a web of a dangerous lies, is based on Louise Doughty’s 2013 bestselling novel of the same name. Ben Chaplin stars alongside Emily Watson (Picture: BBC) Apple Tree yeard follows, Yvonne, a married woman with children, who strikes up an affair with a man who is also taken, and also has children. As Yvonne tries to keep her secret life just that, a secret, things begin to catch up with her, and an act of violence leaves her life in a spin. So what do we know about Emily Watson’s co-star? Who is he? His name is Ben Chaplin and is 47, although he was born Benedict John Greenwood in Windsor. The show premieres on Sunday 22 January (Picture: BBC/ Nick Briggs) What has he been in? He featured in his first major role in 1992 in Bye Bye Baby on Channel 4. He’s also starred in a number of films and TV shows, including, Cinderella, Snowden, The Book of Negroes, The Truth About Cats And Dogs and Birthday Girl starring alongside Nicole Kidman. And some of you might also recognise him as Ditchley from 1993’s BBC2 adaptation of The Return Of The Borrowers, which also starred none other than Ian Holm, Penelope Wilton and Rebecca Callard and is also the best adaptation of Mary Norton’s novels there’s ever been, in our humble opinions. Ditchley and Ilrick (played by Ross McCall) in The Borrowers (Picture: BBC2) Remember him? Ben played Ditchley in The Borrowers (Picture: BBC2) What else do we know about him? He’s very private, avoiding social media and mainly opting for smaller, less mainstream productions. Any other interesting tidbits? He attended London’s Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He was once a statistician for the London Transport Authority. He starred alongside Uma Thurman in The Truth About Cats & Dogs. Ben Chaplin is quite a private person (Picture: BBC / Nick Briggs) Why’s he gone from the silver screen to the telly? He got tired of conforming to the Hollywood ways, according to IMDB, and swapped the bright lights and big city for the London stage. But now he’s back on the small screen, and you can catch him in Apple Tree Yard from Sunday January 22 on BBC One at 9pm. He was once a statistician (Picture: BBC/ Nick Briggs) Watch the Apple Tree Yard trailer below: Love this as much as we do? Like Metro Entertainment on Facebook for more dazzling stories on your news feed. MORE: Emma Watson explains why she rejected live-action Cinderella role but snapped up Belle lead in Beauty And The Beast MORE: Disney releases official teaser of Emma Watson singing in Beauty And The Beast after accidental leak MoreEmma Watson This is why it's time for a gay Disney princess Harry Potter fans are freaking out over cryptic #FollowTheSpiders teasers SponsoredThis spec-tacular celebrity impersonating pug will make your day EastEnders and Emmerdale clash with huge episodes tonight - which will you be watching? People are going nuts for this couple who look like EastEnders' Phil and Shirley Ewan McGregor refuses to appear on GMB following Piers Morgan's Women's March comments MORE: The ultimate Harry Potter movie marathon is coming to London MORE: Emma Watson explains why she rejected live-action Cinderella role but snapped up Belle lead in Beauty And The Beast MORE: Emma Watson sings Belle’s song in new clip from Beauty And The Beast Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Whitney Carter dead as the EastEnders bus crash drama reaches an emotional climax? EastEnders and Emmerdale clash with huge episodes tonight - which will you be watching? Lee Carter, not Whitney, to die in final EastEnders bus crash twist? Will there be death as the EastEnders bus crash horror gets worse tonight? Revealed! 11 EastEnders characters who definitely survive the bus crash disasterMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: TV › Emma Watson Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Privacy warning over hit photo app Meitu: Researchers warn Chinese software is collecting 'huge amounts of data' from users Meitu is available for both Android and iPhone and has exploded in popularity But, experts warn it can access sensitive information, from location to WiFI Many have argued that the Android version is far more invasive than for Apple Users have tested it on themselves and pics of celebrities, with hilarious results By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 12:19 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 15:27 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail 35 shares 4 View comments By now, you’ve probably heard all about the bizarre photo-editing app Meitu – but if you haven’t downloaded it yet, you might want to think twice before doing so. Security experts are warning that the free app comes with a hefty trade-off, granting Meitu permission to harvest your personal data and spy on users, with Android users hit hardest. Far beyond requiring permission to use just the camera and camera roll, the app can access your location, local IP, unique device identifier numbers (IMSIs), WiFi connection, and even information on phone calls or other apps you’re running. And, users have pointed out that it’s sending the details to several external IP addresses. Far beyond requiring permission to use just the camera and camera roll, the app can access your location, local IP, unique device identifier numbers (IMSIs), WiFi connection, and even information on phone calls or other apps you’re running According to Meitu, this data is only being collected for identity protection, service upgrades, criminal investigations, and customer feedback, TechCrunch reports. But, experts say the expansive set of permissions is unnecessary, and could be put to other uses than those described – like selling it to marketers, or repurposing it for profit. While Apple blocks apps from collecting users’ IMSIs, the Android version does not, and this could potentially be used to track users’ internet activity. Many have argued that the Android version is far more invasive, but even with certain precautions in place to protect Apple users, the iOS app can still obtain ‘partially sensitive’ information, TechCrunch reports. This includes details on your mobile carrier, and whether or not your iPhone is jailbroken. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Huge Antarctic crack has grown by ANOTHER 6 miles - and it... What it's like to land on Pluto: NASA reveals stunning... How did that get there? Creepy photos are appearing on... Your 'private' web history ISN'T as private as you think:... Share this article Share 35 shares Experts say the expansive set of permissions is unnecessary, and could be put to other uses than those described – like selling it to marketers, or repurposing it for profit WHAT MEITU CAN ACCESS ON ANDROID The full list of permissions shown on the Google Play store (for Android): Device & app history · Retrieve running apps Location · Approximate location (network based) Phone · Read phone status and identity Photos/Media/Files · Read the contents of your USB storage · Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage Camera · Take pictures and videos WiFi connection information · View Wifi connections Device ID & call information · Read phone status and identity Other · Receive data from Internet · View network connections · Change system display settings · Full network access · Change your audio settings · Run at startup · Reorder running apps · Control vibration · Prevent device from sleeping · Google Play license check    On Google Play, the app lists its full set of permissions for the latest version, 6.1.0.2. This includes device and app history, location, phone, photo/media/files, storage, camera, WiFi connection information, and Device ID and call information, along with a long list of ‘other’ permissions. For Apple users, Meitu can access cellular data and even creates a unique device identifier based on part of its MAC address, according to Apple Insider.  On Twitter, users including security researcher Greg Linares have shared their own findings regarding the app’s questionable activity. @rekrom12 revealed code for sending a slew of details about the device for analytics, including model, resolution, Android OS version, MAC address, and IMEI. A full list of the collected data is pictured  WHAT MEITU CAN ACCESS ON IOS Along with obtaining permission to your camera and camera roll, Meitu can access cellular data. According to Apple Insider, it also creates a unique device identifier based on part of its MAC address. And Jonathan Zdziarski pointed out that Meitu runs checks to determine if your iPhone is jailbroken. @rekrom12 revealed code for sending a slew of details about the device for analytics, including model, resolution, Android OS version, MAC address, and IMEI, Android Police reports. Another user, @FourOctets, linked Meitu’s network activity to several Chinese IP addresses, though this has not yet been confirmed.  Jonathan Zdziarski pointed out on Twitter that iOS version of Meitu even runs a series of checks to determine if your iPhone is jailbroken.  The privacy warnings come as social media has become flooded with the cutesy, and terrifying, selfie masterpieces of Meitu, seemingly out of nowhere.  The photo-editing app has already enjoyed years of popularity in China, and has now nearly taken over the internet after being discovered in the West as well. On Twitter , users have shared their own findings regarding the app’s questionable activity, including security researcher Greg Linares Not only have users tested it out on themselves, but they’ve also used it to create hilarious images of famous figures, from Donald Trump to ‘Salt Bae.'  The free Meitu app is available for both Android and iPhone, and can be used for regular photo editing, like removing blemishes or even giving yourself a ‘virtual facelift.’  But, with the ‘hand-drawn’ feature, you can ‘transform your photos into hand paintings,’ according to the firm. Scroll the bar side to side to see the effects of Meitu ‹ Slide me › Seemingly out of nowhere, social media has become flooded with the cutesy, and terrifying, selfie masterpieces of Meitu. Donald Trump is pictured before (left) and after (right) being edited with the app This means it’ll give you huge, sparkling eyes, smooth skin, and blushing cheeks. The feature comes with a number of different filters, including Angelic, Blossoms, Fairy Tale, Mermaid, and Petals. And, some will make you look like something right out of anime. After opening the app, you’re given the option to either upload an existing photo from your camera roll, or take a new one. Users created hilarious images of famous figures, from president-elect Donald Trump to ‘Salt Bae’ (left). Twitter user Jacob Garbe shared a photo of Jack Nicholson in The Shining, edited to feature shimmering blue eyes, writing ‘Heeeerrrrrreeee’s #meitu!’ (center). Dailymail.com tried it out too, on right Read more: Popular photo app Meitu is sending IMEI, MAC address, and more to remote servers The cost of hot selfie app Meitu? A healthy dose of your personal info | TechCrunch Meitu on the App Store Meitu - Android Apps on Google Play FourOctets (@FourOctets) on Twitter Greg Linares (@Laughing_Mantis) on Twitter Jay Bennett [ZOUS] (@rekrom12) on Twitter Jonathan Zdziarski on Twitter: "Welp, Meitu definitely has a number of different checks to see if your iPhone is jailbroken¿ https://t.co/XSbKqDKgqX" Popular beauty app Meitu checks if iPhone is jailbroken, sends carrier data back to developer Share or comment on this article e-mail 35 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard... Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are... 'There is NO turning back!' David Davis warns Remoaner... Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC?... Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his... Doctor blocks in a pensioner, 80, for FIVE hours to... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 4 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Gruesome Roman skeleton is found with his tongue RIPPED out and replaced by a stone Russia unveils new weapon that can shatter any armour: Scientists successfully test railgun which fires... Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being... British scientists create a £38 million 'super laser' that is 10 TIMES more powerful than any other of its... Bizarre video claims to show a UFO off the coast of Algeria 'sucking water' from the ocean using strange... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Are you suffering from CYBER FATIGUE? Experts warn constant hacks are leaving people uninterested in their... NASA’S astronauts get their first (virtual) ride in Orion: Training simulations of the capsule that could... The secret to happiness: Scientists reveal the five personality traits that could help you feel more... The 'explosion of life' in Earth's oceans 471 million years ago was NOT sparked by meteorites - but... The AI that will search for alien life: NASA reveals smart drone subs could search the oceans of Europa... The race is on! Five finalists revealed for Google's $30m Lunar X contest to send a roborover to the moon -... Did an earthquake in Nepal knock an inch off Everest? Doubts over the peak's height spurs a fresh expedition 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... MORE HEADLINES Small cities are 'not prepared' for a massive population flood caused by an influx of urban migrants Can YOU see the hidden messages in these logos? Take the test to find out how many you can find Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites 'It's the portal to the upside down world!' Southern California residents react to the unique cloud formation that appeared this weekend Man who buys Windows 98-era laptop for $5 finds a Star Trek interface, retro games and bizarre glossary of Australian slang Bizarre video claims to show a UFO off the coast of Algeria 'sucking water' from the ocean using strange funnels Update your iPhone software NOW: iOS 10.2.1 fixes 'devastating' security bugs that could leak your private data  'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event The 'explosion of life' in Earth's oceans 471 million years ago was NOT sparked by meteorites - but researchers admit they have no idea what did cause it Gruesome Roman skeleton is found with his tongue RIPPED out and replaced by a stone The secret to happiness: Scientists reveal the five personality traits that could help you feel more content  Is THIS what the iPhone 8 will look like? Concept images reveal curved edges, stainless steel sides and NO home button Lost dark age kingdom is found in Scotland: Pictish carvings in Galloway may belong to the fort of King Urien of Rheged Viking inscription or offensive graffiti? Carving thought to be 1,300 years old seems to spell out modern swear word Is showering every day BAD for you? Cleaning with soap too often could cause you to breakout in spots MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Why UPS drivers never turn left - and how it could help cut your commute  15 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Wearables More Living Auto Magazine More Tech in depth Best deals iPhone 7 PlayStation 4 Pro MacBook Pro Amazon Echo Dot Daydream View Get fit News MacBook 2: everything we think we know MacBook 2: everything we think we know By David Nield   Apple's super-thin laptop is due a refresh Shares Apple's more powerful MacBook Pros may have stolen the limelight in recent months, but let's not forget the slimmer, sleeker Apple MacBook, relaunched as a redesigned, improved laptop model in March 2015 and followed by some pretty positive reviews. Two years is a long time in computing which has got us wondering what Apple might be planning for its less expensive notebook line in the near future. Can it go thinner and lighter still? Or will Apple beef up the processing performance? Here's what we know. The MacBook story so far There have already been two Steve Jobs movies but Hollywood could do something with the story of the MacBook too, there have been so many twists and turns in it. We don't have space to cover everything that's happened to Apple's iconic laptop since it first appeared in 2006, but there are a few key points to note while we wonder what might be next. Before we got a new MacBook in March 2015, it looked like the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro had made the standard version pretty much redundant, but Apple had other plans. The unibody polycarbonate MacBook that preceded the most recent model was on sale from 2009 to 2012, and came with a 13.3-inch, 1,280 x 800 pixel display, 2GB+ of RAM, and a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. There was also a slot-loading DVD drive and a mechanical 250GB hard drive. The very latest MacBook is of course a world away from the one that went before it. Three years is a long time in computing, and the new model comes with a 12-inch, Retina (2,304 x 1,440 pixel) screen, an Intel Core M processor, 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB in SSD space. Perhaps most importantly, it's just 13.1mm thick. MacBook 2: launch date Apple hasn't yet confirmed the existence of a version 2 of the latest-gen MacBook, but it seems likely to be on the cards. The segment of the market previously filled by the MacBook Air - a cheaper, lighter, less powerful option to the MacBook Pro - is now once again taken by the MacBook, so it wouldn't make much sense to revive the Air again (which hasn't been significantly updated since 2013). Apple has been regularly arranging events in March these days for devices that aren't the iPhone, so March 2017 might be a good bet for the MacBook 2 - it would be just about two years since the original revamp. The MacBook 1 got a minor refresh in April 2016, which again points to another update around the same time in 2017. Intel's new Kaby Lake CPUs are hitting the market (and rumoured to be coming to the MacBook Pro), and their extra-performance-on-less-power specs would go down well on a refreshed line of MacBooks. That said, Apple has been in no rush to update its MacBook Pros. There's no guarantee we'll see the MacBook 2 in 2017 - but we'd say it's probable. MacBook 2: rumoured features There's not all that much you can add to a laptop these days - unless you count the Touch Bar positioned atop the keyboard on some of the new MacBook Pros. Apple seems pretty committed to the new feature and we think they'll probably come to the next MacBooks too. We've already mentioned Intel's new Kaby Lake processors - as usual, more performance for less battery drain - and they seem a cert for the next MacBook update, even if the rest of the specs are largely unchanged. The main selling point of the MacBook is its thinness and lightness, so these are likely to be the specs Apple focuses on when it unveils the MacBook 2. Expect something even thinner (that headphone jack could go) and lighter, with battery life that beats even the 10 hour estimate that Apple gives for the current model. Analysts have predicted a bump to 16GB of RAM rather than 8GB, though the 12-inch Retina display is likely to remain the same - remember that battery life. Apple might have a surprise up its sleeves but we'd expect no drastic changes to the MacBook formula: just faster, lighter models. MacBook 2: what we want to see With the 11-inch MacBook Air now officially discontinued and the 13-inch version likely to follow it in the near future, we'd like to see price drops across the MacBook line to give customers the option of a (relatively) cheap Apple laptop. A second MacBook 2 with a 13-inch screen would be very welcome too - just to see those webpages and movies just a little bit better - and some tipsters have suggested this is exactly what Apple's planning. We'd like to see the Touch Bar make its way to the MacBook 2, and we're also partial to a touchscreen laptop as well, though whether Apple agrees is another matter. We'd love to be able to doodle on the MacBook screen with the Apple Pencil, just like an iPad. Apart from that, we of course would love to see a machine that's faster, lighter, and with better battery life - it doesn't have to reach MacBook Pro levels of speed and power, as long as it goes a long, long time between charges. Whatever happens to the laptop line, we shouldn't have long to wait to see what Apple has in store for the MacBook 2. Liked this? Read up on Apple's latest MacBook Pro laptops Tags MacBook Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Bluetooth 5 - just what will it bring to the party? 2 Samsung reveals why its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone caught fire and exploded 3 11 best smartphones 2017: our pick of the very best phones 4 10 best laptops for 2017 that you can buy right now 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything you need to know about Samsung's latest flagship 1 Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 2 Bluetooth 5 - just what will it bring to the party? 3 Samsung reveals why its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone caught fire and exploded 4 Have Nokia’s Snapdragon 835 smartphone and hefty iPad Pro like tablet just leaked? 5 Best iPhone SE case: keep Apple's fabulous 4-inch smartphone super safe T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover The Top 200 Sustainable Mutual Funds Barron’s first annual performance ranking of the most sustainable funds finds that investors don’t have to forgo profits by doing good. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Leslie P. Norton and Crystal Kim Biography Updated Oct. 8, 2016 10:58 a.m. ET For decades, the derision aimed at “socially responsible” investing was palpable. It was a style of investing that brought to mind visions of the Summer of Love and no-nukes sit-ins, earning the disdain of many on Wall Street. But the times they are a-changed, and investing with an eye toward companies with sustainable business practices is now considered, well, just good business. A company’s efforts toward sustainability, such as fair labor practices, good environmental stewardship, and diverse internal leadership, improves returns, according to research by index provider MSCI. And funds that invest in these sustainable companies are top performers themselves, Barron’s finds in our first annual performance ranking of the 200 most sustainable funds. (SEE THE FULL LIST HERE.) That shouldn’t be a surprise, though it might be to some—including the fund managers themselves. Of the 50 sustainable funds on our list that beat the market in the past year, all but one eschew the term. “Sustainability? What’s that?” queries Jack Murphy of Levin Capital Strategies, who co-manages No. 1 performer Transamerica Large Cap Value (ticker: TWQAX). Good question: What exactly is “sustainability?” It’s a broad term that encompasses corporate management that is ethical, efficient, and long-term focused. Also called ESG investing—for environmental, social, and governance factors—it has been demonstrated time and again that companies that embrace this type of good management outperform their peers. Companies that ignore ESG factors do so at their peril. Cutting corners on environmental issues, for instance, can lead to lawsuits, fines, and damages. Businesses that use less water and less power have lower costs and operate more efficiently. Good corporate governance plays a winning hand in capital allocation and is critical to corporate longevity. “If a company is being managed for the short term to maximize revenue, that’s not sustainable,” says Phil Davidson, co-manager of American Century Equity Income (TWEIX), No. 3 on our list. Sustainable practices, in other words, predispose companies to outperform. Some 80% of Standard & Poor’s 500 companies now issue sustainability reports, which provide information on their economic, environmental, social, and governance performance. In the 1990s, just a handful did. Campaigns led by sustainable investors helped break apartheid in South Africa and forced Nike NKE 0.3756574004507889% Nike Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE USD53.44 0.2 0.3756574004507889% /Date(1485295199981-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 5735921 AFTER HOURS USD53.45 0.00500000000000256 0.0187125748502994% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 23.54185022026432 Market Cap 88070940476.757 Dividend Yield 1.347305389221557% Rev. per Employee 473395 More quote details and news » NKE in Your Value Your Change Short position (NKE) to clean up its supply chain. When Apple AAPL -0.09093937375083277% Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD119.9708 -0.1092 -0.09093937375083277% /Date(1485295200248-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 22604129 AFTER HOURS USD120.02 0.049199999999999 0.04100997909491309% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 14.506747279322854 Market Cap 631358545057.036 Dividend Yield 1.9004624458618264% Rev. per Employee 1846780 More quote details and news » AAPL in Your Value Your Change Short position ’s (AAPL) labor practices become a joke at the Oscars, or Volkswagen (VLKAY) cheats on pollution tests, people notice. Apple changed its practices; Volkswagen was slapped with billions of dollars in penalties. A growing number of data providers are rating companies on metrics of sustainability. Indexes of sustainable companies have popped up, including some from Dow Jones, which owns Barron’s, and three from Morningstar. INVESTORS ARE EMBRACING this approach. From 2012 to 2014, sustainably invested assets in the U.S.—including mutual funds, separate accounts, and institutional assets with a sustainable mandate—rose 76%, to nearly $6.6 trillion, or one of every six dollars under professional management in the U.S., according to the Forum for Sustainable & Responsible Investment. That means there’s more money invested with an eye toward sustainability than there is in the entire exchange-traded fund industry and the hedge fund industry combined, according to Tiburon Strategic Advisors. The amount of money on the planet that is sustainably invested is an eye-popping $21.4 trillion. “This is one of the few segments of active management that’s not losing to ETFs” and where asset growth is still accelerating, says Tom Manning, CEO of Wellesley, Mass.–based F.L.Putnam Investment Management, a financial advisor that oversees $980 million in sustainable stocks and bonds. The prospect that sustainable funds will change society isn’t far-fetched. Tiburon found that 85% of millennials and 77% of women are very interested in such investing, versus 61% of men. Millennials are “more socially concerned and active than any generation of young people since the 1960s,” says Robert Zevin, regarded as the father of socially responsible investing and the founder of Boston-based Zevin Asset Management. “The mood of the whole country is much more concerned with environmental and economic-justice issues. People feel they can address these as investors and in other parts of their lives.” It’s not just investors driving the change. “It’s driven by consumers and investors, but there’s also internal interest—well-educated professionals who work for major companies take these issues seriously,” says Jon Hale, head of sustainability research for Morningstar. “It no longer feels cynical.” LIKE THE REST OF THE FUND UNIVERSE, sustainable funds come in all shapes and sizes. Morningstar’s database includes 225 funds with some sort of sustainable mandate; they have $182 billion in assets. But “sustainable” is an umbrella term for a variety of investment styles. The oldest and perhaps best-known carry the moniker “socially responsible investing.” SRI funds tend to exclude companies that negatively affect society. Tobacco giants like Philip Morris International PM 1.0869565217391304% Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD95.79 1.03 1.0869565217391304% /Date(1485295200162-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 4468533 AFTER HOURS USD95.78 -0.0100000000000051 -0.010439503079653408% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 22.916267942583733 Market Cap 147005927000.565 Dividend Yield 4.342833281135818% Rev. per Employee 325873 More quote details and news » PM in Your Value Your Change Short position (PM) and Altria Group MO 0.297661233167966% Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD70.76 0.21 0.297661233167966% /Date(1485295199981-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 5940406 AFTER HOURS USD70.76 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 26.601503759398497 Market Cap 137591624726.169 Dividend Yield 3.4482758620689653% Rev. per Employee 2196930 More quote details and news » MO in Your Value Your Change Short position (MO) are eliminated because their products can kill customers. Anheuser-Busch InBev ABI.BT -0.06588855421686747% Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE USD106.17 -0.07 -0.06588855421686747% /Date(1485295197731-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 818290 AFTER HOURS USD106.16 -0.0100000000000051 -0.00941885655081473% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 45.22298419729948 Market Cap 179325796885.825 Dividend Yield 3.208113403032872% Rev. per Employee 276613 More quote details and news » ABI.BT in Your Value Your Change Short position (BUD) and other alcohol peddlers often employ questionable marketing tactics: For example, in 2014, United Kingdom supermarkets came under fire because beer was priced more cheaply than bottled water. Domini Social Equity (DSEFX), from the firm co-founded by Amy Domini, a doyenne of socially responsible investing, doesn’t invest in tobacco, alcohol, gaming, weapons, nuclear energy, oil, gas, or coal. That fund landed at No. 187. The next iteration, ESG funds, focus on what companies are doing right, favoring those with the best environmental, social, and governance practices across their industries. This is true stock-picking, and it has room for different philosophies. Some ESG managers will exclude entire industries, such as fossil fuel or nuclear power, whereas others will choose the best companies in such industries—an energy outfit that had nothing to do with BP BP.LN 0.764609503003823% BP PLC ADR U.S.: NYSE USD36.9 0.28 0.764609503003823% /Date(1485295199261-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 6404428 AFTER HOURS USD36.8549 -0.0450999999999979 -0.12222222222222222% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio N/A Market Cap 118494772055.78 Dividend Yield 6.504065040650406% Rev. per Employee 2161480 More quote details and news » BP.LN in Your Value Your Change Short position ’s oil spill, for instance, or a semiconductor manufacturer that stands above its peers by recycling the water it uses. Other funds adhere to religious or political principles. The Amana funds follow Shariah principles in the Koran, which preclude them from investing in alcohol and tobacco producers and money lenders. The Catholic-oriented Ave Maria funds won’t invest in corporations that facilitate abortion or embryonic stem-cell research, ruling out most drug and biotech companies, hospitals, and health insurers. They also prefer companies that don’t offer benefits to same-sex couples. BUT WHAT IS PERHAPS most interesting is how mainstream sustainable investing is becoming—so much so that many funds that don’t wear the label still embrace the practice. Major fund purveyors, such as Wellington Management and Capital Group, are already using environmental, social, and governance factors in creating their portfolios, including the behemoth $82 billion American Funds Washington Mutual (AWSHX). Research firm Sustainalytics evaluates the sustainability of 6,500 companies worldwide using more than 100 of ESG factors, as well as incidences of environmental accidents, fraud, or discriminatory behavior. Morningstar has partnered with Sustainalytics to use its data to assess 20,000 funds, giving them a sustainability score based on their portfolio holdings. Barron’s took this a step further. To see if sustainable funds—whether they call themselves that or not—can really outperform others, we used the Morningstar data to screen for large-company U.S. stock funds (the ones most widely held by U.S. investors) that had sustainability grades of “above average” or “high.” In comparison, an S&P 500 index fund has an “average” sustainability rating. We threw out any with assets of less than $300 million, and came up with a list of 200, with $1 trillion in total assets. We then ranked them by one-year performance. The list was top-heavy with value funds. But it also yielded some surprising findings. It includes well-regarded investors, such as Chris Davis of Davis Advisors, Bruce Baughman of Franklin Templeton, and the folks at Mairs & Power—none of whom you’d associate with even a faint whiff of patchouli. Indeed, our sustainable group performed better than most large-cap funds, returning 13.4% over the past 12 months, versus 11.9% for the category. True, that’s below the S&P 500’s blistering 15.4%, but even here these sustainable funds shone: 50, or 25%, did beat the S&P, compared with just 12% of all actively managed large-cap funds. Also startling: We had to go through quite a few funds before we found one that actually identifies itself as sustainable, and that is Jerome Dodson’s Parnassus Endeavor (PARWX), at No. 7. Dodson, one of the great stockpickers of this century, unabashedly embraces the sustainable moniker. Perhaps his confidence comes from the fact that he’s one of just a handful of pros who has topped the S&P 500, year in and year out. (He was featured in a Barron’s cover story early this year, “The Market Beaters,” Jan. 9.) Some pillars of sustainability, however, such as Domini Social Investments and Calvert Investments, landed at the bottom of our list. Meanwhile, of the 44 sustainable large-cap funds, 25 didn’t make the list at all. Ten were eliminated because their portfolios weren’t sustainable enough—earning an average or even below-average ratings from Morningstar. In the accompanying article “Who’s Not on the List, and Why”, we explain further. Indeed, many fund managers on our list didn’t realize that their funds might appeal to sustainable investors. “This is interesting to hear—the fund is not marketed or positioned that way!” exclaims Ray Nolte, chief investment officer of SkyBridge Capital, whose SkyBridge Dividend Value (SKYIX) was up 21% in the past year, placing it at No. 5. It owns 10 of the Dow’s highest-yielding stocks, and an additional couple of dozen that rank highly on profitability, valuation, and yield. Its largest positions include Viacom VIA 1.9593253968253967% Viacom Inc. Cl B U.S.: Nasdaq USD41.11 0.79 1.9593253968253967% /Date(1485295200240-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3608119 AFTER HOURS USD41.11 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 11.356353591160222 Market Cap 16186309310.1392 Dividend Yield 1.9459985405010947% Rev. per Employee 1248800 More quote details and news » VIA in Your Value Your Change Short position (VIAB) and AbbVie ABBV -0.6233595800524935% AbbVie Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD60.58 -0.38 -0.6233595800524935% /Date(1485295199027-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 6098935 AFTER HOURS USD60.58 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 16.372972972972974 Market Cap 99066033492.6462 Dividend Yield 4.225817101353582% Rev. per Employee 901500 More quote details and news » ABBV in Your Value Your Change Short position (ABBV). “We try to buy good companies that are going concerns,” says Murphy, manager of the Transamerica fund that topped our list. “So we don’t buy coal mines because they won’t be around forever. But we don’t target sustainability at all.” His fund powered 23% higher on holdings such as Corning GLW 5.692369802180057% Corning Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD26.18 1.41 5.692369802180057% /Date(1485295200372-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 20604318 AFTER HOURS USD26.18 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 13.329260220966345 Market Cap 23561843080.6999 Dividend Yield 2.0626432391138274% Rev. per Employee 255938 More quote details and news » GLW in Your Value Your Change Short position (GLW) and Cott BCB.T 2.5806451612903225% Cott Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD11.13 0.28 2.5806451612903225% /Date(1485295198647-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 515774 P/E Ratio N/A Market Cap 1992182247.02988 Dividend Yield 2.1563342318059298% Rev. per Employee 424554 More quote details and news » BCB.T in Your Value Your Change Short position (COT). A KEY REASON FOR OUTPERFORMANCE is that companies with sustainable practices and good governance are likely to be high quality. They’ve outpaced low-quality rivals in the past year, just as value has bested growth and yield-oriented stocks have beaten low-yielders. No. 3 performer American Century Equity Income (TWEIX), up 22%, vaulted higher on well-managed blue chips like 3M MMM -1.4116856198532295% 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE USD175.99 -2.52 -1.4116856198532295% /Date(1485295199981-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3114948 AFTER HOURS USD175.97 -0.0200000000000102 -0.011364282061480767% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 22.164987405541563 Market Cap 107367692966.19 Dividend Yield 2.52287061764873% Rev. per Employee 336270 More quote details and news » MMM in Your Value Your Change Short position (MMM). “Our quality, valuation, and yield focus probably push us into the companies that rank somewhat high [on sustainability], even though that is not an integral part of our process,” says manager Davidson. More From Barron’s Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Bulletproof and Cash Rich Has the Market Bet Too Heavily on Hillary Clinton? China Inc. Retreats From Lattice Semiconductor Consider Applied Materials AMAT 0.8296296296296296% Applied Materials Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD34.03 0.28 0.8296296296296296% /Date(1485295200228-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 9353877 AFTER HOURS USD34.152 0.122 0.3585071995298266% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 21.814102564102566 Market Cap 36334235687.2559 Dividend Yield 1.1754334410813987% Rev. per Employee 648204 More quote details and news » AMAT in Your Value Your Change Short position (AMAT), a chip-equipment supplier that is benefiting from swiftly growing semiconductor demand. It has taken steps to reduce its carbon footprint, and cut water consumption by 29% from 2006 to 2012, with the help of recycling. It’s also regarded as a good place to work. “Good environment, good workplace show that management is enlightened. That tends to be a better business,” says Dodson, who owns shares of the company. Jensen Quality Growth (JENSX) is another top performer, returning 19% in the past year. It owns just 26 stocks, including Microsoft MSFT 0.8894536213468869% Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq USD63.52 0.56 0.8894536213468869% /Date(1485295200460-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 23349087 AFTER HOURS USD63.45 -0.0700000000000003 -0.11020151133501259% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 30.53846153846154 Market Cap 489536096514.266 Dividend Yield 2.455919395465995% Rev. per Employee 745325 More quote details and news » MSFT in Your Value Your Change Short position (MSFT) and Becton Dickinson BDX -0.3160112359550562% Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD170.34 -0.54 -0.3160112359550562% /Date(1485295198465-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 702320 AFTER HOURS USD170.36 -0.0199999999999818 0.011741223435481977% Volume (Delayed 15m) : P/E Ratio 37.81803649926735 Market Cap 36437084283.3594 Dividend Yield 1.7142186215803688% Rev. per Employee 245111 More quote details and news » BDX in Your Value Your Change Short position (BDX), which have done well. For a company to be considered for the portfolio, it must have had a 15% return on equity, every year for 10 years. Co-manager Rob McIver says that Jensen didn’t set out to be a sustainable investor, but has learned that “good long-term practices translate into good environmental, social, and governance [results],” he says. “More importantly, it mitigates regulatory risk and can improve a company’s profitability. It has always been baked into our analysis.” And what happens when, as night follows day, blue chips fall from favor? In such periods, these funds probably will trail the market. But chosen well, stocks of sustainable companies will beat the averages over the long haul. So will the funds that own them. Email: editors@barrons.com Like Barron’s on Facebook Follow Barron’s on Twitter Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Barron's Cover 1. 2017 Roundtable, Part 2: Manual for a Mixed-Up Market 2. Stocks Could Post Limited Gains in 2017 as Yields Rise 3. Stockpicker’s Delight 4. Where to Find Yield 5. Barron’s Prescription for U.S. Economic Growth Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Amazon Is Disrupting a Surprising New Industry Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 8 ETFs for 2017’s Treacherous Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Suddenly Boring iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. User’s Manual for a Mixed-Up Market Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Trump Action That May Make Buying a Home Costly 2 Cordray Mum on Future Rulemaking, Defends Rules on Mortgage Lending 3 Gundlach, Witmer Investment Picks Rising Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Fitbit Inc. vs. Apple The world's largest consumer tech company and an out-of-favor niche player have more in common than you probably think. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Jan 20, 2017 at 11:14AM Image source: Fitbit. The worlds of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) seem to be colliding a lot these days, even if it's just the smaller of the two that's crashing and burning. Apple and Fitbit didn't have a whole lot in common beyond health-monitoring apps on iPhones until the class act of Cupertino introduced the Apple Watch in the springtime of 2015. The move thrust Apple into the realm of wearable tech that Fitbit was dominating.  Fitbit didn't shy away from the matter. The leading maker of fitness trackers threw its hat into the smartwatch ring with last year's introduction of Fitbit Blaze. Apple also raised the stakes later in the year when it rolled out the Apple Watch 2, complete with GPS and improved water resistance. The new features made Apple's updated smartwatch more attractive to runners and swimmers, folks that historically gravitated to Fitbit's activity-tracking wristbands. Apple also recently began aiming for the corporate wellness market, a space that Fitbit has started to thrive in lately. The battle lines appear to be drawn, but the irony here is that Fitbit products remain very popular with Apple fans. Fitbit's mobile app raced up Apple's App Store chart -- trailing only Super Mario Run -- in the days following Christmas last month, implying that Fitbit trackers were popular holiday gifts. Even with the second generation of Apple Watch filling up stockings the love for Fitbit in iOS-fueled circles remains strong. Fitbit didn't fare nearly as well on the app marketplaces for rival Android smartphones.  It's a whole new starting line The popularity of Fitbit products with iPhone owners may suggest a harmonious balance between the two companies, but what if you could only invest in one stock? Would you buy shares of Apple or Fitbit? We know who the winner of 2016 was between the two investments. It wasn't even close. Shares of Apple rose 10% last year, a modest gain but a welcome break for Fitbit stock's 74% plunge. However, the real question is which stock will provide the best return for 2017 and beyond. The answer isn't obvious. Apple offers a history of innovative bar-raising and market-defining ingenuity. It trades at a reasonable 14 times trailing earnings and an attractive 13 times Wall Street's bottom-line target for the current fiscal year. Apple also shells out a decent dividend, translating into a current yield of 1.9%. Fitbit doesn't pay out distributions, and it's also in a funk. Revenue growth has slowed dramatically, and the competitive nature of the fitness tracker market has squeezed margins. In a sobering metric, Fitbit's stock is trading for seven times 2015's profit, 17 times trailing earnings, and just 11 times this new year's projected profit.   Eyeing top-line multiples, Apple fetches an enterprise value-to-sales ratio of 3.0. That's a lot higher than Fitbit's multiple of 0.4, but that's also a testament to Apple's higher-margin business and Fitbit's current margin-munching challenges.  The lower forward multiples belong to Fitbit, but that also discounts the risks. Neither company is at the top of its game. Both companies are expected to have posted revenue growth in the low single digits during the holiday quarter, though Apple is expected to rebound to 7% top-line growth for all of fiscal 2017. Drawing the line Fitbit faces a longer road to get back on track, but we've seen how a hit product can spur a revival in either company. Apple is widely expected to make this year's iPhone a substantial update given this summer's 10th anniversary of the product's debut. Fitbit has been acquiring wearable tech pioneers in a move that could redefine its niche.  I own both stocks, and I wouldn't own them if I didn't think that both Apple and Fitbit were positioned to beat the market this year. However, deciding on the ultimate victor really depends on an investor's risk tolerance. Conservative investors don't need to go beyond Apple. It's attractively priced, pays a respectable dividend, and since every few years it seems to roll out a hit new product it's easy to get excited. The ceiling may not be as high as Fitbit if it's able to turn things around -- the downside of commanding a $630 billion market cap -- but the floor is also steadier.  Fitbit would be the choice for risk-tolerant investors. Whether 2017 product rollouts resonate with consumers or more corporations subsidize Fitbit trackers for employees to lower health coverage costs there are catalysts for a pop. Fitbit also remains a prime buyout candidate, something that obviously doesn't factor into the upside potential at Apple.  Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he now lives a block from his alma mater. Follow @market Article Info Jan 20, 2017 at 11:14AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $7.24 up $0.14 (1.97%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Fitbit Inc. vs. Apple @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $FIT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Planning New iPad Launches in 1st Half of 2017 Apple's iPad business could get a much-needed boost from a bevy of interesting new products slated to launch in the first half of 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 20, 2017 at 11:23AM According to a pre-publication note in DigiTimes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is preparing to launch three new iPad models in the first half of 2017. The note, which doesn't include too many details, says that in the first quarter of 2017 -- this quarter -- Apple will begin producing what it refers to as a "9.7-inch iPad with a friendly price range." Then, in the second quarter, Apple is expected to begin producing two flagship products: an updated 12.9-inch iPad Pro and a 10.5-inch iPad. The note doesn't refer to it as an "iPad Pro," curiously enough. Apple's iPad business has been struggling for quite some time, with multiple years of unit declines. To put things in perspective, Apple shipped nearly 68 million iPads in its fiscal 2014; that figure plunged to 54.9 million in fiscal 2015 and then to 45.6 million in fiscal 2016.  Revenue, too, has struggled as well, with iPad-related revenues dropping from $30.3 billion in 2014 to $23.2 billion in 2015, and then again to $20.6 billion in 2016.  Apple obviously isn't going to give up on this product line, so its best course of action is to continue to invest in building excellent products to try to stimulate demand -- or, more pessimistically, stem the rate of demand declines.  Let's take a closer look at what we should expect from these new iPad models, and what they could mean for Apple's iPad business. The cheaper 9.7-inch iPad Today's 9.7-inch iPad offerings consist of the discounted iPad Air 2 and the pricier 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The latter has a faster processor than the former (A9X vs A8X), superior wide-color True Tone display, improved cameras, support for the Apple Pencil, and support for Apple's smart keyboard. Image source: Apple.  Previously, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said that the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad will incorporate an Apple A9 chip manufactured by Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF). The use of the A9 chip in the low-cost 9.7-inch model, rather than the A9X that's currently featured inside the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, should make the device cheaper to manufacture. Additionally, by using the A9 in the cheaper model, Apple will be able to market a larger performance delta between the low-cost 9.7-inch iPad and the pricier 10.5-inch iPad and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. It will be interesting to see how else Apple de-features the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad to both save costs and encourage upsell to the 10.5-inch or 12.9-inch models. Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard support seem likely candidates for the chopping block here. In terms of impact on Apple's iPad business, it's generally a good thing to deliver more value for the money with new products at a regular clip, but this doesn't seem likely to be a game changer for the iPad business. The newer 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch models The more interesting products will almost certainly be the higher-end 10.5-inch iPad and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. These should include faster A10X processors, potentially upgraded display technology, and -- in the case of the 10.5-inch model -- a newer design or form factor. The current 12.9-inch iPad Pro launched in November 2015, so it's getting quite long in the tooth – regular device improvements are generally needed to catalyze demand. The good news is that if Apple can deliver a worthwhile refresh, it should be able to boost demand for its jumbo-sized iPad model. Image source: Apple.  The real star of the show, though, is likely to be the 10.5-inch model. It's been a long time since Apple has fundamentally changed the look and feel of its iPad models, but that looks set to change with this product. For one thing, Apple is moving from a 9.7-inch display to a 10.5-inch display, an interesting change. Beyond that, the device is rumored to have very thin bezels, in sharp contrast to the very large ones found on the current 9.7-inch iPad Air/iPad Pro models. The device may have a significantly improved aesthetic, which could help jump-start customer interest. Additionally, if Apple includes the "faster display technology" Bloomberg mentioned last year, then this could really transform the user experience, as high refresh-rate displays make things so much smoother. Apple's iPad business could get a nice boost in the second quarter from these new products. Additionally, the buzz that these products may potentially generate could help keep people interested in Apple ahead of the launch of its next-generation iPhone models in the fall.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 20, 2017 at 11:23AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Inc. Planning New iPad Launches in 1st Half of 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Share Tweet Apple writes letter to US transport regulators about the future of... Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Rip DVD to Mac Latest Apple Deals » Home News Apple News iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours: Apple writes letter to US transport regulators about the future of autonomous cars, calls for regulation to be put in place Reports suggest that Apple is developing an electric iCar to rival Tesla. With reports that Apple is now focusing on an autonomous driving system, is Apple still manufacturing an iCar, and when will the iCar be launched? We look at all the evidence. Latest: Apple pens letter to US transport regulators. by Lewis Painter | 20 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents Evidence that Apple is working on an iCar Evidence that Apple isn't working on an iCar When will the Apple iCar launch? Driverless or electric? What will the Apple iCar look like? Patents Leaked images Pricing Since February 2015, there have been various reports that Apple is working on a car that will "give Tesla a run for its money" after Business Insider spoke to an Apple employee with knowledge of the subject. This, coupled with sightings of cars registered to Apple, clad with sensors/cameras (which were later debunked), got everyone talking about the prospects of an Apple Car, or iCar. The iCar project is codenamed 'Titan', according to The Wall Street Journal, which originally stated there were "several hundred" Apple employees working on the project. With some reports describing an electric car and others describing a self-driving car, is there any truth to the claim or is it like the Apple TV set everyone was talking about a couple of years ago? Well… Updated with news of a letter penned by Apple to US transport regulators about self-driving cars. Evidence that Apple is working on an iCar Here is where we list some of the most prominent rumours suggesting Apple is making an iCar.  Also read: Apple rumours and predictions for 2016. Apple pens letter to US transport regulators about self-driving car rules While many had believed that Apple was stepping away from the autonomous car project, a recent letter penned to US transport regulators by Apple's director of product integrity Steve Kenner may suggest otherwise. Apple has apparently said that it was "excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation" and that there were "significant societal benefits of automated vehicles" to be realised.  An Apple spokesman has confirmed that the letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) was prompted by its "heavy investment in machine learning and autonomous systems" and that it wanted to help define best practises in the industry going forward.  The letter urges regulators to not introduce too many rules regarding the testing of self-driving cars, claiming that "established manufacturers and new entrants should be treated equally". Kenner also suggests that companies should share data from crashes and near-misses to build a more comprehensive picture than would be possible by one company alone, helping to improve the systems.  Of course, with Apple being so focused on user privacy, it'd be out of character not to mention it in the letter. Kenner notes that an individual's privacy should not be compromised by the sharing of data, and that regulators "address privacy challenges associated with the collection, use, and sharing of automated vehicle data".  Apple CEO Tim Cook hints at motoring focus during Q4 2016 results During Apple's Q4 2016 financial results, Apple CEO Tim Cook answered a flurry of questions regarding Apple Pay, Siri and most importantly, the Apple Car. While the CEO neither confirmed or denied the existence of Apple's rumoured electric car, he said that Apple "always looks for ways that we can improve the experience and the customers' experience on different sets of products".  “And we are always looking at new things, and the car space in general is an area that it's clear that there is a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionise the car experience.” he continued. "And so it's interesting from that point of view, but nothing to, certainly nothing to announce today." As usual, Cook is speaking in riddles, but if you read between the lines, it does hint that Apple may have something to announce somewhere down the line.  Apple hires BlackBerry engineers for autonomous car OS project in Canada Bloomberg reports that Apple and its Project Titan team - focusing on an autonomous car OS following the closure of the Apple Car project - have hired a number of former BlackBerry engineers as part of a new Canadian office in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa. "Many of the engineers working in Canada were hired over the past year and about two dozen came from BlackBerry's QNX, a leading automotive software provider," writes the outlet, citing "people familiar with the matter". Among Apple's hires from QNX is Dan Dodge, the firm's CEO. QNX staff were targeted by Apple because of the company's experience "developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management", an ex-QNX employee told Bloomberg. Apple 'in talks to buy McLaren' According to a report from the Financial Times (paywalled) citing three sources with knowledge of the project, Apple is apparently in talks to buy luxury supercar maker McLaren with the aim of improving its iCar project. What the Financial Times isn't clear about is whether this is a major investment or an outright purchase of the company, stating: "The California technology group, which has been working on a self-driving electric vehicle for more than two years, is considering a full takeover of McLaren or a strategic investment, according to three people briefed on the negotiations who said talks started several months ago." While this may seem strange on the surface, there is logic behind the rumoured buyout. The successor to the hugely popular McLaren P1 is indeed rumoured to be electric, and as well as this, McLaren's Applied Technologies Group supplies electronics to a range of companies, to those within Formula One to NASCAR, and has apparently done an extensive amount of work on data center optimisation, ideal for Apple's self-driving electric car efforts.  Apple 'rethinking strategy on self-driving cars', lays off a number of staff According to a report from the New York Times, Apple is said to be rethinking its self-driving car strategy as other tech giants like Google and even Uber appear ready to start road testing their competing efforts. According to three people briefed on Apple’s move (that aren’t allowed to speak about it publically, of course), the company has laid off dozens of employees working on the project, signalling issues with Apple’s ambitious car project. It’s not the first time that Apple’s car project has been in trouble, as the company had to draft in Bob Mansfield, Apple veteran, in July 2016 to oversee the project and drive it forward as no real progress had been made. Apple is said to have told affected employees that the layoffs were a part of a “reboot” of the project, and of course, Apple has refused to officially make a comment. Autocar report According to a report by Autocar, Apple is planning on aggressively selling the new iCar at a rate of half a million cars per year. This projection is ten times the sales by Tesla - a figure hard to envisage. In the report, Apple is set to change the way the car industry is heading, with radical design changes. It is also rumoured that Apple will have an iCar by 2021 with a fully autonomous car planned to launch by around 2026. Of course, these are all speculations and rumours, so take the report and speculations with a pinch of salt. Supply chain rumours In August 2016, Neil Cybart, the founder of Above Avalon, an analyst firm which concentrates on Apple, mentioned on Twitter the new developments of Apple's supply chain. It is stated that Apple has recently signed an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) with a major South Korean battery developer for cylindrical lithium-ion batteries. This is a strong indication that Apple is looking into electric cars and potentially driverless cars. We will be sure to update this article if we learn of any developments in Apple's supply chain. New roles working at Apple According to the WSJ, Apple has appointed Bob Mansfield (previously Senior Vice President of Technologies at Apple) to work and oversee the Electric Vehicle Team at the company. He previously was set to retire in June 2012, but has been involved in numerous special projects at the company. This further solidifies claims that Apple is committed to releasing their very own iCar, Apple Car or Titan project. It has also been reported by appleinsider that the project is delayed until 2021, a year after its inital rollout. As with all things, take this date prediction with a pinch of salt. Money spent on R&D It has emerged that Apple has spent $10bn in research and development costs, which is more than triple of what it spent just four years ago ($3bn). This massive increase in R&D costs, does suggest that Apple is developing something a lot bigger than simply a new iPhone, iPad or Mac device. Apple's future competitors In a recent interview with the BBC, Ford boss Mark Fields claims that the future rivals of the company may not be the likes of BMW and Audi, but instead tech companies like Google and Apple. Fields went on to explain that Ford's working assumption is that Apple is indeed building a car, and that the assumption provides Ford with "the right motivation to make sure we stay very focused not only on the product but overall on the experience that the customer has interacting with the product and the services that we have." This is following the opening of a new Ford-owned technology business in Palo Alto where employees will be working on autonomous cars that can drive automatically, as well as working with IoT companies to see how people interact with their vehicles. If nothing else, it's an interesting look at what big companies like Ford expect to see on the road within the next five to ten years regardless of Apple's efforts. Apple CEO Tim Cook comments on Apple Car rumours  It takes a lot for the CEO of a company to openly discuss rumours surrounding their own upcoming products, especially when it's the CEO of a secretive company like Apple. However, as unlikely as it seems, Tim Cook has recently teased the media about the possibility of an Apple Car in the future. While he didn't directly comment on the likelihood of an Apple Car, during a recent interview with Fortune, Cook said: "we don’t have to spend large amounts to explore". Apparently, Apple becomes "committed" to a project once the company begins spending huge amounts of money on tools, company acquisitions and other processes (as rumours suggest the company has), although hiring experts don't seem to count. "We explore things with teams of people. And that’s a part of being curious," Cook said. It wasn't the last that Cook had to say about the iCar, either. Only days after speaking to Fortune, Cook teased attendees at an Apple shareholders meeting about future possibilities. "Do you remember when you were a kid, and Christmas Eve... it was so exciting," Cook reportedly said. "You weren't sure what was going to be downstairs. Well, it's going to be Christmas Eve for a while." We'll obviously be waiting some time for an Apple-branded car, but the latest comments from the Apple CEO will definitely add fuel to the fire. 'Engine noises' heard late at night at Apple Car campus If Apple isn't developing a car, this rumour will be pretty hard to explain: AppleInsider has reported that someone who lives near Apple's mysterious campus in Sunnyvale, Calfornia (believed to be where Apple is developing its car) complained about "motor noises" coming from the facility at night.  "[Do] there have to [be] motor noises at 11:00 p.m. at night like last night? Even with the windows closed I could still hear it," the resident reportedly remarked.  However, the resident may be mistaken - construction sounds sound similar to the revving of an engine, especially at a distance. Last year, Sunnyvale issued permits to Apple allowing the company to build a "windowless repair garage" at one of the buildings Apple operates at, so it's possible that is what was heard - although why the construction would take place at night is a mystery.  It's also worth noting that if Apple is building a prototype car at the facility, the noises could be the sound of the lathes and mills required to shape the metal, a notoriously noisy process. Ford exec welcomes Apple to automotive industry The Apple Car is shrouded in mystery, with the only real information we have (if that's what you can call it) is in the form of leaks and rumours, but that hasn't stopped people from forming opinions - in fact, even car company executives are chiming in on the rumours. During an interview with TrustedReviews at CES 2016, Don Butler, Executive Director of Ford Connected Vehicles said that Ford welcomes the competition from Apple and that he thinks that techie companies including Apple and Google "can do it". “We welcome others joining. We welcome the activity that’s in the space. We think it’s exciting. It’s actually changed that we are embracing,” said Butler when discussing the automotive industry. “So I think Apple can do it. I think Google can do it.” While it's far from confirmation that Apple is creating the iCar, it goes to show that if/when Apple does enter the automotive industry, it's presence will be welcomed by the likes of Ford. From the above, it seems as if Ford believes that the likes of Apple and Google can (if they aren't already) change the automotive industry and the way we interact with cars for the better. In an interview with the BBC, Ford boss Mark Fields claims that the future rivals of the company may not be the likes of BMW and Audi, but instead tech companies like Google and Apple. Fields went on to explain that Ford's working assumption is that Apple is indeed building a car, and that the assumption provides Ford with "the right motivation to make sure we stay very focused not only on the product but overall on the experience that the customer has interacting with the product and the services that we have." This is following the opening of a new Ford-owned technology business in Palo Alto where employees will be working on autonomous cars that can drive automatically, as well as working with IoT companies to see how people interact with their vehicles. If nothing else, it's an interesting look at what big companies like Ford expect to see on the road within the next five to ten years regardless of Apple's efforts. Apple buys car-related domain names As first reported by MacRumours, it appears that Apple has bought a number of car-related domain names including apple.car, apple.cars and apple.auto. The purchases took place in December 2015 and were brought to light via Whois, a service that finds information regarding specific domain names and IP addresses. Whois records were updated on January 8 2016 to show that Apple had registered the domains through registrar MarkMonitor Inc, although it’s worth noting that none of the registered domains are currently active. While this may seem like confirmation that Apple is working on an Apple Car, it may not be the case; Apple could be buying the domains for use with Apple’s in-car system, CarPlay. It could also be to stop potential scammers looking to make money from people in light of the recent Apple Car rumours. Although with this being said, Apple bought iCloud.com months before its announcement and that was also picked up by MacRumours. Elon Musk 'confirms' existence of Apple Car in an interview As well as Apple buying car-related domain names, Tesla chief executive Elon Musk recently ‘confirmed’ the existence of Apple’s iCar when speaking to the BBC, claiming that it’s an “open secret” that the company is building a rival car. Musk went on to say that “companies like Apple will probably make a compelling electric car, it seems like the obvious thing to do” and regarding Apple’s privacy, he remarked “It's pretty hard to hide something if you hire over a thousand engineers to do it”. Although he’s fairly confident that Apple is creating a rival car, Musk isn’t worried. When asked if Apple was a threat by a German newspaper, Musk mockingly replied: “Did you ever take a look at the Apple Watch?”. The cheek. New electric car company could be a ‘front’ for Apple The latest reports on the web claim that a new car manufacturer, Faraday Future, could, in fact, be a front for Apple’s rumoured electric car, allowing the company to develop the vehicle without the prying eyes of the media watching them. Faraday Future is a relatively new manufacturer, first appearing on the scene earlier this year as a Tesla competitor – both companies are named after famous scientists, Nikola Tesla and Michael Faraday, and interested in electric vehicles. Though Faraday Future’s plans were initially unclear, the company recently announced that it’d be investing a whopping $1 billion in a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in either California, Georgia, Louisiana or Nevada. The company plans to create an electric vehicle, while it also explores “other aspects of the automotive and technology industries, including unique ownership and usage models, in-vehicle content and autonomous driving”. That’s according to Nick Sampson, senior vice president of Faraday Future, who continued to say "Our range of 100% electric and intelligent vehicles will offer seamless connectivity to the outside world." Very Apple-esque, wouldn’t you agree? So, where is the connection to Apple? First things first, the company claims to have a team of around 400 “automotive and technology experts” along with a number of key employees, including ex-Tesla director of vehicle chassis engineering, Nick Sampson. This matches up with the reports earlier this year claiming that Apple was poaching a number of Tesla staff for its iCar project – but that’s not all. Apple has reportedly just bought a huge amount of land in California, which is claimed to be around twice the size of its new Spaceship campus. Just to put that into perspective, Apple’s spaceship campus and surrounding land measures in at around 2.8 million feet. Now, where did Faraday Future say they’d be investing in a manufacturing facility? Oh… The company has also received a massive $1 billion in funding – a move that’s almost unheard of for a new company, and many suspect that it’s Apple footing the bill. Apple has around $200 billion in the bank, so $1 billion would (as ridiculous as it sounds) be only a drop in the water for the company. The rumours gained more traction when the New York Times reached out for more information on its backers, with Faraday Future claiming that they are “keeping their partners confidential”. Intriguing, right? Well, there’s one more piece to this puzzle… The CEO of the company has not yet been revealed, a move that shrouds this company in mystery. If Faraday Future is a front for Apple’s iCar development, it’d make sense not to announce a CEO; pushing an Apple exec to the position of Faraday Future CEO would immediately give away the company’s plans, possibly years before the launch of its electric car. Of course, nothing has been confirmed or denied, and it does seem like a lot of effort to disguise its own efforts, but it is possible – and if it was going to be any company, it would, of course, be Apple to do it. Apple Car ‘could have digital license plates’ According to website Electrek, Apple’s upcoming iCar could be the first to boast digital license plates. Why? Amongst the horde of employees that Apple has snapped up over the past few months is Rónán Ó Braonáin, ex-Director of Engineering at Reviver, a start-up working on what Braonáin called “the world’s first digital license plate”. According to his LinkedIn, he spent five years as a software engineer at BMW before becoming CTO at Vision Fleet, a company offering electric vehicle fleet management software, before moving onto Reviver and finally ending up at Apple as a “Secret Agent” on “Special Projects”. Digital license plates make sense, especially when you consider vehicle-sharing. The digital license plate could bring forward a new era of vehicle sharing, by giving the government a way to issue plate identifications to the driver of the car, instead of the car itself. Letting a friend drive? Your iCar’s digital license plate would (in theory) automatically update, letting everyone (aka the government) know who’s driving at any particular time. It’s a cool idea, but we’re not sure just how viable it is, especially when you consider that license plates need to be readable in almost any weather conditions, an issue that a digital license plate may struggle with. Steve Jobs ‘considered Apple car’ in 2008 Tony Fadell, former Apple executive, revealed in a recent interview that he and Steve Jobs occasionally talked about what an Apple-manufactured car could look like. The pair would chat informally about various features of the Apple Car and what they’d look like, from the dashboard to the seats to the type of fuel it could be powered by. Although in his follow-up, Fadell stressed that the questions were purely hypothetical and that Apple wasn’t actively developing a car in 2008. Apple execs reportedly liked the idea of building a car, but decided, in the end, to allocate the company’s resources to other products that’d have a bigger impact on consumers around the world – the iPhone, and then three years later, the iPad. However, Fadell did note that cars and iPhones have more in common than meets the eye: “A car has batteries; it has a computer; it has a motor, and it has mechanical structure. If you look at an iPhone, it has all the same things. It even has a motor in it,”. ‘Massive change’ is coming to the auto industry Speaking at Wall Street Journal’s WSJDLive conference at The Montage resort in Laguna Beach, California, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the automotive industry is close to “massive change” but refused to comment on whether Apple would be a leading part of the change, which Cook predicts will see users move away from internal combustion engines to electrification. “It would seem like there will be massive change in that industry, massive change,” Cook said at the conference. “You may not agree with that. That’s what I think.” This was followed by Cook refusing to respond to reports of Apple developing an electric car looking to be on sale by 2019. He said instead that the company is working to bring the “iPhone experience” to the vehicle via CarPlay, Apple’s in-dash system that allows users to access their iTunes music collections and driving directions without needing to operate phones. Apple 'testing a self-driving car at a War World II naval base' Project Titan is on its way, at least according to the Guardian. The newspaper reports that Apple has already developed its self-driving car, and now it just needs to be tested. Unlike many carmakers - such as Google and Tesla - that are testing their self-driving vehicles on public roads, Apple wants to keep a low profile. That means the company needs some barricaded doors behind which it can test its secretive projects. Apparently Apple has found the perfect top-secret testing base. Back in May, according to the Guardian, Apple's engineers met officials from GoMentum Station, a War World II-epoch disused naval base near San Francisco. The base reportedly hosts 20 miles of everyday public transport scenarios, from highways to cattle grids; its 24-hour surveillance by armed soldiers prevents the public from nosing around the facility. According to GoMentum officials, the base is "the largest secure test facility in the world". However, it's worth mentioning that the leaked report obtained by the Guardian consists of a filed public requests record about the meeting between Apple's team and GoMentum officials. There is no mention of an Apple iCar, and the most revealing clue comes from Apple engineer Frank Fearon, who said: "We would … like to get an understanding of timing and availability for the space, and how we would need to coordinate with other parties who would be using [GoMentum]." BMW negotiations A number of outlets have reported that Apple and the German automaker BMW have been meeting with one another, with Reuters reporting that Tim Cook and other Apple bigwigs visited the BMW production facility in Leipzig. In particular, Apple seems interested in the carbon-fibre-reinforced BMW i3 electric vehicle, reportedly the most energy-efficient car in the US. It's believed that the i3 could form the basis of the rumoured iCar. It's further been claimed that negotiations between Apple and BMW started in autumn 2014 and are approaching a final deal. However, it's worth pointing out that BMW was the first carmaker to incorporate iPod facilities into its vehicles, and that it is entirely possible that Apple is simply looking to secure an agreement with the German company to move its CarPlay project forward. Read more: Apple and BMW started talking about an iCar collaboration last year Hiring car industry veterans Perhaps the clearest sign of Apple's interest in the car industry is the number of new hires it's made from that field. According to the Wall Street Journal, Tim Cook has hired Doug Betts, a veteran of the car industry. Doug Betts has 25 years of experience working for Nissan and Toyota; from 2007 until last year, he was senior vice-president of Global Quality at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The automobile expert has changed his LinkedIn profile. He describes his current job as "operation-Apple Inc.", which could be interpreted as evidence to back up the WSJ's rumour. On the other hand, this cryptic statement could mean a lot of things.  Since February 2015, Apple seems to have been quietly cherry-picking automobile industry experts - such as Paul Furgale, the Swiss researcher who led the V-Charge project developing self-parking cars. Business Insider's source claims that Tesla employees are "jumping ship" to go and work at Apple. Evidence via LinkedIn supports this claim, with 50 profiles of current Apple employees that have an engineering history at Tesla, mainly through internships. Apple Insider reported that Tesla CEO Elon Musk has said that Apple is trying very hard to get Tesla engineers, offering them a $250k signing bonus and 60 percent pay increase. The Korea Times has reported that Apple is also luring Samsung's tech experts away from them, namely experts in battery technology; perhaps to work on batteries for the iPhone, but also, reports suggest to work on a battery powered electric car. "Some of our personnel have been hired by Apple. They now work at Apple's headquarters in San Jose, Calif.," claimed one anonymous Samsung official, stating that Apple offers competitive benefits and large annual paychecks. If Apple is entering the electric car arena, the company is pretty late to the game and will be looking to file patents. It has already filed a few, as you will see below. "As the electric vehicle business is a new one, Apple needs patents and experts in battery technology. Top human resources firms have been approaching Samsung's battery experts, individually, and I think such human exchange moves are a win-win for both," said the Samsung official. It's easy to write this off as an unconfirmed rumour, but it does fit in with a lawsuit that was filed earlier this month claiming that Apple engaged in an "aggressive campaign" to poach engineers from electric car battery maker A123 Systems. The Register has also reported that Apple is reassigning workers to its car project at such a fast pace that other department leaders are beginning to complain about the loss of talent. Though Project Titan remains shrouded in mystery, reassigning such a number of staff from a variety of departments does point towards work on a significant scale, and possibly a move into a completely new industry.  'Apple cars' spotted There were also rumours surrounding Apple registered vehicles seen driving around the US. The vehicles were clad in sensors, which some assumed enabled the car to drive autonomously like Google’s self-driving car. However, it was too good to be true as Apple announced months after that these were, in fact, mapping vehicles that were being used to improve the Apple Maps service. In fact, the company has even listed all the locations that Apple’s mapping cars will be driving around – possibly to stop any future confusion. If you’re interested (for whatever reason) in seeing Apple’s mapping vehicles in person, head over to the Apple Vehicles page and take a look. More about this rumour below. Secret iCar facility There has also been talk of a secret automobile R&D facility where Apple is recruiting experts to potentially build the iCar. It's apparently run by the ex-head of R&D at Mercedes, Johann Jungwirth, and will be staffed with "experienced managers from its iPhone unit", according to The Times. They carry on to say that the seniority of the executives involved would suggest that an iCar could be in the works. They've also reported that Jony Ive and members of his industrial design team, who are responsible for most of Apples products, have been holding regular meetings with automotive execs and have even tried hiring them. Project Titan team growing According to a recent report from the Wall Street Journal, Apple is taking the iCar project more seriously. Why? Apparently, the company has decided to triple the 600-person strong team to an 1800-person strong team to help reach the iCars all-new 2019 announcement target (see below for more information).  Head over to page 2 for evidence that Apple isn't working on an iCar, along with all rumours discussing the electric vs autonomous debate and a possible release date.  >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: Apple , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years How neuroscience can test the impact of your design choices Best alternatives to iTunes for Mac | Best music players for macOS: Free your music from the… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet Anniversary update expected soon as Apple TV turns 10 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Rip DVD to Mac Latest Apple Deals » Home News Apple News New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours UK | Apple TV 5 tech specs, UK price New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours UK | Fifth-gen Apple TV new features, tech specs & UK price rumours: Anniversary update expected in 2017 as Apple TV turns 10 When will Apple release its new 2017 Apple TV (the 5th-gen Apple TV, or Apple TV 5), and what new features, tech specs and UK price should we expect? We round up all the rumours about the next-generation Apple TV 5G, widely expected to launch in early 2017 as the Apple TV turns 10 by Karen Haslam | 20 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents When will Apple release the 5th-gen Apple TV? Interface changes Apple TV streaming service Complete guide to 4th-gen Apple TV (2015) When will Apple release the next Apple TV - the 5th-generation Apple TV, or Apple TV 5 - in the UK? And what new features, tech specs, UK price and design changes should we expect from the new 5G Apple TV for 2017? The fourth-gen Apple TV - the first Apple TV device to allow users to install apps - was unveiled by Apple at the iPhone 6s launch event on 9 September 2015, and went on sale weeks later. More than 16 months later, we're eagerly looking ahead to the launch of the next, fifth-gen (5G) Apple TV. Indeed, there are already rumours that a next-generation Apple TV might arrive in 2017: perhaps even a special model to celebrate the Apple TV's 10th birthday. In this article we gather all the evidence related to the fifth-gen Apple TV's release date, as well as reporting on all the rumours and clues about the 2017 Apple TV's new features, tech specs, UK price and design changes. However, if you're still interested in the Apple TV that's available right now, we've got plenty of information about the 2015 Apple TV, including pricing and the best places to buy. And don't forget our Apple TV buying guide 2017. Read next: How to set up the new Apple TV | New Apple TV vs old Apple TV | Apple TV tips UK Updated, January 2017, to discuss the chances of an anniversary update as the Apple TV turns 10; and previously to include the news that the third-gen Apple TV has been discontinued, and what this might mean for the release of the fifth-gen Apple TV. New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours UK: When will Apple release the 5th-gen Apple TV? We expect Apple to release the next-gen Apple TV in 2017 to tie in with the product's 10th anniversary, but there has. Here's when the four generations of Apple TV launched: 1st-gen Apple TV: January 2007 2nd-gen Apple TV: September 2010 3rd-gen Apple TV: March 2012 4th-gen Apple TV: September 2015 Evidently, Apple updates its Apple TV less often than its iPhones, iPads and Macs: there was a three-and-a-half-year wait between the first and second models, and between the third and fourth. Based on that, it would be reasonable to expect the 5th-gen Apple TV to appear in 2018 or even 2019, and we certainly don't have firm evidence to dispute that. But our instincts tell us that the Apple TV's position and status in the company's portfolio of products has changed. It used to be a sideline and a hobby, but with the growing importance of streaming media and smart-home applications, and with the arrival on the platform of games and its own App Store, Apple TV is moving to centre stage. And we're not the only ones to think Apple is likely to start updating the TV more frequently from now on. A report (link for subscribers only) in DigiTimes last year predicted that the fifth-generation Apple TV would go into trial production as early as December 2015, with volume production starting in the first quarter of 2016. Changes were said to include a dramatically improved hardware performance and new functions "to help it no longer serve only as a set-top box". Read next: 14 best Apple TV alternatives | Best Apple TV buying guide 2017 Apple discontinues third-gen Apple TV Apple has officially discontinued the third-generation Apple TV after being on sale since 2012. The move from Apple forces users to invest in the upgraded fourth-gen Apple TV, which starts at £139 compared to the £59 price-tag of the third-gen device. The third-gen Apple TV didn't feature tvOS or the App Store, but was used as a budget option for users that only wanted to stream content to their TVs.   The choice to remove the third-gen Apple TV from the Apple TV lineup suggests, to us at least, that the wheels are in motion and that the fifth-gen Apple TV will be making an appearance sooner, rather than later. Q3 2016 earnings call comments: 'Something bigger' on the way Tim Cook made non-specific but intriguing comments about the future of the Apple TV at Apple's Q3 2016 earnings conference call. He made it very clear that Apple has big plans for its TV division, and plans to build "something bigger" with the product and surrounding ecosystem. Near the end of the hour-long call, a question was posed by Kulbinder Garcha, the managing director of Credit Suisse: "I think about some of the comments you've made about the TV market and how it's been stuck in the sixties and seventies, and the experience hasn't changed," Garcha said. "I understand that you've got the Apple TV box out, but in terms of driving actual video-on-demand services, is that something Apple wants to do themselves, do you want to partner, could you even build content? How do you think about that as an actual business opportunity, as opposed to, here's an Apple box and we sell some units but it's not that meaningful to the overall company in terms of size?" Tim Cook's reply was enigmatic. "The introduction of Apple TV and tvOS in last October and the subsequent OS releases and what's coming out this fall… think of that as building the foundation for what we believe can be a broader business over time," he said. "I don't want to be more precise than that but you shouldn't look at what's there today and think we've done what we want to do. We've built a foundation that we can do something bigger off of." New Apple TV 2017 release date: WWDC 2016 and tvOS 10 Back in spring 2016 we argued that the 5G Apple TV was unlikely to be launched at WWDC 2016, since the event came round less than a year after Apple rolled out the fourth-gen model and none of the previous Apple TVs had launched in summer. Indeed, Apple launched no new hardware at the event whatsoever. But the new version of the Apple TV's operating system, tvOS 10, got considerable stage time. As we often observe when discussing new iPhones and iPads, many of the most significant updates come not from new hardware but from free software updates. Siri gets some big improvements in tvOS's new update: it can now search the Apple TV's movie and TV database with more complex queries. It can search YouTube, too, and any live streaming channels can be launched by saying "watch" and then the name of the channel. There's a new dark mode for Apple TV, which makes the background black instead of the bright white we're used to. And the Apple TV Remote app has been redesigned; it now offers all the Siri remote features and can be used for Siri queries using the built-in mic. One last thing Apple didn't mention, but has since come to light in Apple support documents, is that the requirement for Siri Remote compatibility for Apple TV games has been relaxed. That means they can focus on MFi game controllers, which are much more game-friendly than the Siri remote. See: Best Apple TV game controllers. Read our Complete guide to tvOS's new features for more information on the software update. New Apple TV 2017 release date: 10th-anniversary Apple TV Looking again at those launch dates above, we feel like the tenth anniversary of the Apple TV, which we passed on 9 January 2017, might be a tempting occasion for a big update. Apple tends to dislike historical wallowing - famously refusing to build a museum in its new headquarters because "we're focused on the future, not the past" - but there is a precedent for an anniversary product in the form of the Twentieth Anniversary Mac (number 4 in our article The 5 weirdest Macs of all time). Read next: Best Apple TV game controllers | Best Apple TV games | Best Apple TV apps New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours: Apple's 27 October event While many assumed that we would see the introduction of the fifth-generation Apple TV at Apple's October 2016 event, the event focused mainly on the new MacBook Pro. The New MacBook Pro features a Touch Bar, offering contextual controls depending on the app you're using. You can find out more about the 2016 MacBook Pro here: New MacBook Pro 2016 review. The Apple TV wasn't completely out of the spotlight, though, as Apple introduced the TV app for the Apple TV and iOS devices. The app looks to integrate streaming content from a number of providers, but is US-only at first. Those in the US can expect the app to appear as part of a software update in December, while those in the UK have no solid release date just yet.  New Apple TV 2017 rumours UK: Interface changes An Apple TV owner's user experience is largely dictated by the software side of things. How will Apple change the Apple TV interface? New cross-provider programming guide interface Apple's next big plan for its Apple TV isn't new hardware: it's a software-based programme guide. That sounds boring, but it's potentially a powerful way of improving user-friendliness for those who are signed up to multiple content providers. The first foundation of this strategy was laid with the announcements of tvOS 10 at WWDC in June. tvOS 10 includes a new feature known as 'single sign in', whereby a user can sign in once, with a single login and password, and tvOS will then automatically sign into a whole raft of services for them: Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and so on. Nice and convenient. But for many of us who do use multiple TV and movie services, a bigger issue than multiple sign-ins is simply keeping track of everything that's available to watch. Each service will have its own ways of highlighting new, popular or user-tailored recommendations, but having to open up two, three or even more apps to check out what's on offer when planning an evening's viewing is a slight pain. This is where Apple comes in. The company is really good at stuff like this: forging relationships with content providers and creating a simple and trusted umbrella interface enabling users to browse and access everything they want. That was what iTunes was so good at, and the iOS App Store is successful in that regard too. We just hope the new Apple TV programming guide has strong search. The App Store still has disappointing search, with worthless spammy apps that are good at SEO ranking above legitimate apps on relevant search terms. The two scenarios aren't quite the same - there isn't really such a thing as spam TV - but Apple still needs to find a way to foreground higher-quality content so it isn't drowned out by the volume. For more information about upcoming changes to the Apple TV's interface, take a look at our complete guide to tvOS 10. New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours UK: Apple TV streaming service Rumours that Apple will launch a TV streaming service have been around for a while. If you'd like more of an in-depth discussion of this topic, take a look at our separate article about Apple's streaming service plans. Unfortunately for anyone who was looking forward to the launch of the service, it sounds like it will be further delayed as Apple continues to negotiate with the TV networks in the US. The December 2015 report from Bloomberg claims that Apple is putting its plans for the streaming service on hold because the cable companies and networks are proving resistant to the idea. In fact, Apple may ditch the idea altogether, focusing instead on offering the tvOS platform for media companies to sell their content directly to consumers via the App Store, according to the Bloomberg report. Bloomberg reckons the reason for the resistance is Apple's demand for content at a price the networks aren't happy with. CBS CEO Les Moonves, who has often commented on the rumoured service, has also claimed that Apple has put the streaming service plans "on hold", according to Bloomberg. Previously Moonves had hinted that the rumoured Apple TV steaming service would arrive in 2015. The revelation came during an earlier interview with Bloomberg TV in which he suggested his company would soon come to an arrangement with Apple. Moonves said: "Apple is having conversations with everyone about doing their own streaming services. We have had those conversations, as have the other networks. Do I think something will happen? Probably, but I don't know when." This isn't the first time Moonves has made comments about the rumoured service. Earlier this year he made a similar revelation in an interview at a Re/code conference, giving the impression that he was in ongoing conversations with Apple. Read next: Compete guide to the Apple TV App Store | Things to say to Siri on the Apple TV | How to use the Siri Remote on the Apple TV Read on to find out more about the 2015 Apple TV... >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Tags: Apple , Rumour , Apple TV Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years How neuroscience can test the impact of your design choices Best alternatives to iTunes for Mac | Best music players for macOS: Free your music from the… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple Authorized Reseller Simply Mac closing several locations later this month Apple Authorized Reseller Simply Mac closing several locations later this month January 20, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple Authorized Reseller Simply Mac, owned by GameStop, will be closing multiple locations in the Untied States later this month. The store mostly operates in areas where Apple Stores aren’t easily accessible. Several local news stations have begun reporting the closures. Some reports stated that several Simply Mac locations were closing due to Apple ending their partnership, but the reseller debuted the rumor on Twitter. According to a spokesperson who spoke with Midland-Reporter Telegram in Texas, Simply Mac closures are due to the lack of traffic in said locations. This, of course, would seemingly confirm that they’re not ending their relationship with Apple. “As GameStop announced in its holiday sales release, the company continues to focus on the execution of our business transformation plan, which includes growing our non-gaming businesses and right-sizing our global store portfolio across all our retail brands. This involves evaluating and closing non-productive locations. The closure of this Simply Mac store is part of that strategy.” While the list hasn’t been confirmed, Simply Mac will be closing in the following locations: North Carolina, North Dakota, Montana, Texas, and Illinois. Tags: Simply Mac About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← iPhone 8 might possibly support wireless charging Apple suing Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 PhoneDog USB-C Solutions for Your MacBook Pro! LG and Google's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches reportedly appear in leaked images LG G6 image leak gives a peek at the front of the upcoming Android flagship AT&T launching International Day Pass to simplify using your phone overseas OnePlus 3T 64GB Gunmetal will be offered with immediate dispatch ZTE says it made a 'mistake' with crowdsourced Hawkeye, asks for suggestions to improve it Android Instant Apps now in live testing Android And Me LG G6 rumored to include Snapdragon New leaks show LG G6, LG and Google’s ZTE apologizes about making Project LG may use Google Assistant on upcoming OnePlus 3T 64GB in gunmetal now in stock Google starting limited testing of Android TmoNews LG G6 appears in leaked image ahead MetroPCS kicks off free phone offer Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation T-Mobile One plan now all-in, KickBack T-Mobile Tuesdays will begin letting Samsung to reveal cause of Galaxy Note T-Mobile’s BlackBerry Priv and LG PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung's Siri competitor will be able to SEE: Bixby will use the camera for visual searches and will even be able to read text Rumors say Samsung's assistant, Bixby, will have visual search capabilities Will analyze the image, identify objects and will purchase items online Activated when users open the camera app - a button on the side of the phone  Will be available in both  Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:11 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 12:12 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail 17 shares 3 View comments It is set to be a monumental battle for the next generation of smart assistants. Samsung has fired the latest salvo in its AI phone battle with Apple, revealing more details of Bixby, it's competitor for Siri. The AI is said to have visual search capabilities to analyze the images, identify objects and performing optical character recognition on visible text. Scroll down for videos  Although the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal is around the corner, many users are still feeling the burn from the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco. However, the firm may redeem itself, as the flagship smartphone is rumored to have an assistant more powerful than Apple's Siri SAMSUNG'S BIXBY Bixby could be used for a wide variety of functions in a similar way to Apple's Siri.   The latest rumors suggests Bixby will have visual search capabilities to analyze the image, identify objects and performing optical character recognition on visible text. Once activate, a search tool will appear allowing users to search for specific objects or ‘use optical character recognition to process any text you point the phone at.  And will be equip with ‘a high degree of interconnectedness to other applications’  For example, the technology will show you where to buy an object in and image and can also complete the transaction for you. And will be activated once users open the handset’s camera app.  The latest rumors were first revealed by SamMobile, which stated that the Galaxy S8’s camera app will be home to Bixby – users activate the AI simply by opening the app. Once activate, a search tool will appear allowing users to search for specific objects or ‘use optical character recognition to process any text you point the phone at,’ Michael G with SamMobile explained. Samsung’s AI is being compared to Google Goggles, which has similar functionalities such as object and text recognition. However, Bixby will be equip with ‘a high degree of interconnectedness to other applications’. For example, the technology will show you where to buy an object in and image and can also complete the transaction for you. It’s believed that the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be the new home for Bixby, but will perhaps make its way to other devices in the future. Samsung is expected to unveil its new line on Mach 29, which is said to have an edge-to-edge screen. And because the screen will cover nearly 90 percent of the front, the home button may not be in its traditional spot. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next About time! Google to begin selling its own Android... Samsung's make or break Galaxy S8 revealed in new renders -... Get ready for the return of the flip phone: LG and Samsung... Samsung shows off electric car battery that can charge in... Share this article Share 17 shares Other rumors suggests that it will be positioned on the side of the phone, allowing users to quickly access Bixby and other exciting features. A leaked image claiming to be the Galaxy S8 hit the web earlier this month and it shows the end-to-end screen. The home button and capacitive navigation keys are also missing, suggesting a fingerprint scanner is either on the back or embedded under the glass.  A leaked image from earlier this month shows an end-to-end curved display – a feature many rumors have suspected. The home button and capacitive navigation keys are also missing, suggesting a fingerprint scanner is either on the back or embedded under the glass MORE GALAXY S8 RUMORS  New renders of what could be Samsung Galaxy S8 surfaced in October and they suggest the device will incorporate a dual-lens camera design and remove the home button for an edge-to-edge screen. It's speculated that Samsung could design a fingerprint-sensing display or place the feature behind the tempered glass. Because levels of concentration will be increased with a 'full screen', pictures and videos should be much clearer and even go so far as to produce a 3D effect. Rumors suggest that pixels of the dual-cameras will support 16 megapixels and 8 megapixels. Another new addition to the Galaxy S8 could also be an upgraded Application process (AP) that corresponds to handset's brain. Sources say Samsung is going to start mas-producing 10-nano Snapdragon 830s, which will be used for Galaxy S8, at the end of this year at the earliest. The artist impression also shows the handset in four vibrant shades of red, blue, purple and yellow - another feature yet to be seen by Samsung users. For many Samsung customers, the Galaxy S8 isn’t just the firm’s next phone, but a chance for the smartphone maker to redeem themselves for the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco. And although other rumors speculate the handset won’t be out until February, it has been one of the most talked about devices for the past few months. Weibo shared the latest picture of the device, and unlike others, this image is not an artist’s impression. Keeping with the previous rumors, the phone appears to have tossed out all of the on-screen buttons, reports SamMobile. The decision to remove the home button is a move to increase the screen-to-bezel ration.  However, because of these missing features SamMobile questions if the photo is ‘a product of some Photoshop wizardy’. ‘Typically, when you head into settings, they don’t automatically hide,’ reports Josh L. On the other hand, Samsung could have developed a full-screen mode that manually activates, which allows for an end-to-end screen. Keeping with previous rumors, the Galaxy S8 appears to have tossed out all of the on-screen buttons. The decision to remove the home button is a move to increase teh screen-to-bezel ration  - unlike previous models like the Galaxy S7 (pictured) If this is in fact true, then users would simply swipe up from the bottom of the screen and the keys will appear. In addition to what the Galaxy S8 could look like, other rumors reveal Samsung is anticipating a high demand once the handset hits the market. Unnamed sources told South Korea’s Electronic Times that the firm has set an initial production target of 10 million Galaxy S8 smartphones, reports Reuters. WHAT CAUSED THE FIRES?  Ms Shedletsky and colleagues took apart one of the phones and found it did not leave enough space for the battery to swell when it expanded during charging.  'When batteries are charged and discharged, chemical processes cause the lithium to migrate and the battery will mechanically swell,' the blog says.  'Any battery engineer will tell you that it's necessary to leave some percentage of ceiling above the battery, 10% is a rough rule-of-thumb, and over time the battery will expand into that space.  'Our two-month old unit had no ceiling: the battery and adhesive was 5.2 mm thick, resting in a 5.2 mm deep pocket.'  The researchers said this flaw could have been overlooked when Samsung engineers developed the phone. Samsung is counting on the S8 to rejuvenate sales after it scrapped the Galaxy Note 7 smartphones last year in one of the biggest product safety failures in tech history – however, they have yet to shed light on the cause of the exploding phones. While Samsung originally put the problem down to the battery manufacturing process, reports earlier this week claim there was a fault in the phone itself. The latest reports say the fires were caused by an 'aggressive' design flaw that squeezed the phone's battery pack to dangerous pressure levels. Samsung axed its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in October this year, stopping production of the faulty device a day after it halted global sales of the product and offering everyone their money back.   Read more: This could be our first proper look at the Galaxy S8, but it probably isn¿t - SamMobile ¿¿¿¿ - samsung - ¿¿ Exclusive: Bixby can use the Galaxy S8¿s camera for visual search, text recognition - SamMobile Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard... Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are... 'There is NO turning back!' David Davis warns Remoaner... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC?... Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his... Doctor blocks in a pensioner, 80, for FIVE hours to... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Gruesome Roman skeleton is found with his tongue RIPPED out and replaced by a stone Russia unveils new weapon that can shatter any armour: Scientists successfully test railgun which fires... Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being... British scientists create a £38 million 'super laser' that is 10 TIMES more powerful than any other of its... Bizarre video claims to show a UFO off the coast of Algeria 'sucking water' from the ocean using strange... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Are you suffering from CYBER FATIGUE? Experts warn constant hacks are leaving people uninterested in their... NASA’S astronauts get their first (virtual) ride in Orion: Training simulations of the capsule that could... The secret to happiness: Scientists reveal the five personality traits that could help you feel more... The 'explosion of life' in Earth's oceans 471 million years ago was NOT sparked by meteorites - but... The AI that will search for alien life: NASA reveals smart drone subs could search the oceans of Europa... The race is on! Five finalists revealed for Google's $30m Lunar X contest to send a roborover to the moon -... Did an earthquake in Nepal knock an inch off Everest? Doubts over the peak's height spurs a fresh expedition 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... MORE HEADLINES Small cities are 'not prepared' for a massive population flood caused by an influx of urban migrants Can YOU see the hidden messages in these logos? Take the test to find out how many you can find Does this image show an alien being punched in the face? UFO hunter claims his struggle with ET before being abducted has been captured by Google satellites 'It's the portal to the upside down world!' Southern California residents react to the unique cloud formation that appeared this weekend Man who buys Windows 98-era laptop for $5 finds a Star Trek interface, retro games and bizarre glossary of Australian slang Bizarre video claims to show a UFO off the coast of Algeria 'sucking water' from the ocean using strange funnels Update your iPhone software NOW: iOS 10.2.1 fixes 'devastating' security bugs that could leak your private data  'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event The 'explosion of life' in Earth's oceans 471 million years ago was NOT sparked by meteorites - but researchers admit they have no idea what did cause it Gruesome Roman skeleton is found with his tongue RIPPED out and replaced by a stone The secret to happiness: Scientists reveal the five personality traits that could help you feel more content  Is THIS what the iPhone 8 will look like? Concept images reveal curved edges, stainless steel sides and NO home button Lost dark age kingdom is found in Scotland: Pictish carvings in Galloway may belong to the fort of King Urien of Rheged Viking inscription or offensive graffiti? Carving thought to be 1,300 years old seems to spell out modern swear word Is showering every day BAD for you? Cleaning with soap too often could cause you to breakout in spots MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Russia and US planning historic joint mission to 'Earth's evil twin': Venus mission will examine clouds for signs of life 85 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Chance Miller - Jan. 20th 2017 9:19 am PT @ChanceHMiller Feature iOS iOS 11 iOS 10.3 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With every year comes a new version of iOS and this year will likely be no different. In 2017, we should expect iOS 11 to be previewed over the summer with subsequent developer and public betas and a release to the public in the fall. It’s also likely that we’ll see a less significant iOS release during the spring with iOS 10.3. Keep reading for some ideas as to what Apple might have up its sleeve for iOS 10.3 and iOS 11… One important thing to note is that it’s hard to speculate on Apple software. We don’t as often see leaks concerning iOS, primarily due to the fact that it’s tested entirely inside Apple, whereas hardware is designed by Apple and later prototyped and manufactured by companies abroad. But with the hardware leaks from the supply chain, of which there have been plenty, there’s a lot of clues about what to expect from iOS in return. iOS 10.3 | This spring, we’ll likely see iOS 10.3 be released. The operating system should first be released to developers (pretty much any day now) and pushed to the public around March. As for what to expect,  a recent report suggested that the update will add a new “theatre mode.” Theatre Mode Not much is known about the feature, but it is said that it will be depicted by a new popcorn shaped icon in Control Center. This suggests that enabling the feature will make an iPhone suitable for use in a movie theatre by silencing alerts and dimming the screen brightness. This feature has been met with a wide variety of negative reaction since it was first reported, so it will be interesting to see whether or not it comes to fruition. iPad + Apple Pencil Enhancements The rest of iOS 10.3, which is said to be code-named Erie, will likely focus on iPad enhancements seeing that the update will likely be released in March, the same time that we’re expecting new iPads, as well. One oft-requested feature for iPad productivity is a new app switcher for the slide-over and split-view feature. Currently, the app switcher is a long list of icons without support for search or any sort of customization, making it hard to find the specific app you’re looking for. iOS 10.3 could introduce a new interface for split view and slide-over app switching that makes it easier to find apps and search. Apple is also said to be prepping a new Apple Pencil for release alongside new iPad Pros. A report a few months back suggested that Apple will bring new Apple Pencil software features, including the ability to annotate in apps like Mail and Safari. The release of iOS 9.3 brought new features such as Night Shift, password protection for Notes, Activity integration in Health, and more. We can never rule out a delay when it comes to Apple software, but for now, a March release seems likely for iOS 10.3. iOS 11 | The star of the year will likely be iOS 11, previewed and seeded to developers following WWDC in June and released to the public in the fall. While there haven’t been many reports on what iOS 11 will introduce, there are a few things that make sense. Siri One call with every iOS update is for Sir improvements. Last year, Siri added support for third-party apps with things such as VoIP apps and payment apps like PayPal. Improvements to Siri with iOS 11 are all-the-more-likely if Apple is indeed developing a Siri Speaker, which has been rumored to be released this year. The release of a Siri Speaker would put Siri at the forefront of smart home systems, meaning that Apple is likely working hard to improve the reliability and feature set of its virtual assistant. Possible enhancements to Siri include a more human-sounding voice, even deeper integration with third-party apps, and the ability for it to handle more complex queries. Offline mode is also a widely-requested feature, especially on the heels of AirPods, which lose functionality when Siri lacks internet connectivity. Camera app + AR The Camera app may also see some enhancements with iOS 11. A report suggested that Apple is working to add augmented reality to the camera app and that could be a possibility with iOS 11. Though, any sort of augmented reality feature may be saved for an announcement alongside the iPhone 8 this fall, given Tim Cook’s vested interest in the technology. With augmented reality, it’s said that users would be able to point their camera at an object and have the software recognize it. Robert Scoble has also offered more lofty expectations for Apple’s AR ambitions, claiming that the company is working on what it calls “mixed reality,” combining virtual and artificial intelligence, as well as artificial intelligence with Siri. Dark Mode One long-standing request for iOS is support for an official Dark Mode. While this has been rumored for several recent iOS releases, is it possible that iOS 11 will finally introduce it? macOS has a very basic Dark Mode, but assets inside of iOS have suggested that its Dark Mode would be far deeper and more capable. Dark Mode is something that users have requested for several iterations of iOS and has inspired mockups upon mockups from designers and developers. Especially with the iPhone 8 expected to switch to OLED, which offers deeper blacks, iOS 11 may be when we finally get a real Dark Mode. TV app iOS 10.2 saw the introduction of a new TV app that brings together  content from a handful of streaming services like Hulu. iOS 11 could see new features and content providers for the TV, though it’s unclear if the biggest holdout, Netflix, has any interest in joining at this point. The TV app could also integrate Apple’s rumored streaming TV service, which it could be refocusing on as competing efforts from companies like DirecTV and Hulu emerge. And it’s still U.S. only, making an international expansion a likely next step. Messages One thing that has been rumored in the past but never come to fruition is support for read receipts in group iMessages. Other messaging apps such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger support this and if Apple wants to compete, this is a feature that it needs to add. New emoji are also likely, which we outlined here. Music app + Beats 1 If Apple keeps with recent habits, iOS 11 will almost certainly make some tweaks to the Music app. For one, there will likely be a renewed focus on Music as Apple continues to work towards launching its own original content such as its Carpool Karaoke spinoff and Planet of the Apps reality show. Furthermore, I’d wager that there’s a bigger focus on Beats 1, as well. Zane Lowe recently remarked that it’s hard to promote that Beats 1 is free while also encouraging paid Apple Music sign-ups. One way to solve this could be a more prominent placement for the always-on streaming station in Music, as well as easier access to replays and interviews. More iPad Improvements More iPad improvements are likely with iOS 11 as Apple looks to revive its tablet, which has suffered from a sales decline over recent quarters. Apple is working to market the iPad as a laptop replacement and more features to make that a viable option are likely. Bug Fixes Last but not least, iOS 11 will hopefully include a plethora of bug fixes and general performance improvements, as well interface simplification throughout the operating system. Wrap-up iOS 10.3 and iOS 11 will likely be the big iOS releases of 2017 and these are just a few of the possibilities of new features that we may see. As always, Apple could very well be working on something totally new and revolutionary behind the scenes. What do you hope to see with iOS 10.3 and iOS 11? Let us know down in the comments. Guides iOS View THe Guide iOS 11 View THe Guide iOS 10.3 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 9to5Toys Last Call: up to $325 off MacBook/Pro, Pioneer 7-inch CarPlay Receiver $500, Affinity Photo for Mac $40, more Trevor Daugherty - Jan. 20th 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Magazine bundles w/ titles from $4/yr: Wired, Dwell, GQ, Women’s Health, Forbes, Pop Science, Rolling Stone and many more Amazon rolls out digital Dash buttons as it walks the line between ease-of-use and laziness PreSonus debuts its new Studio 28 and 68 audio/MIDI interfaces for Mac/PC [Video] Green Deals: six-pack OxyLED 60W 3000K A19 LED Light Bulbs $12 (Reg. $20), more Add every Jane Austen novel to your Kindle ebook library for free (Reg. $10+) The Chefman 32-Oz. Blender System w/ 2 travel tumblers is down to $35 Prime shipped Best Buy’s two-day sale includes up to $325 off Apple’s latest 12-inch MacBook and 13-inch MacBook Pro + open-box deals Best Buy Two-Day Sale: Pioneer 7-inch CarPlay Receiver $500 (or less), Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse $65, much more Apple Mac App of the Year winner Affinity Photo now matching lowest price ever at $40 (20% off), more Grab Apple’s latest 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar in both colors for $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) Best Buy offers the latest 13-inch 256GB MacBook Air for as little as $975 shipped (Reg. $1,199) You can get a brand new Apple laptop today for less than $800 shipped: current gen 13-inch MacBook Air $200 off Save an extra $25 off $100+ at Best Buy w/ Visa Checkout: Powerbeats3 $129, Fitbit Charge 2 $105, more Angry Birds Space for iPhone/iPad goes free for the first time in over a year (Reg. up to $3) The Apple Award-winning Smart Alarm Clock for iOS goes free for the very first time (Reg. $2) Best of NAMM 2017: Pocket Synthesizers, new Logic Pro X features, iOS Interfaces, MPC X and much more The Best Nintendo Switch Accessories: Chargers, Console Stands, Backpacks and more MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Car Air Vent Magnetic Phone Mount $10 Prime shipped (Reg. $13), more Games/Apps: Madden NFL 17 lowest price ever $20, iOS freebies, more Daily Deals: Philips Wake-Up Light $110, Canon All-In-One Printer w/ AirPrint $100, more 4-pack AmazonBasics AAA Rechargeable Batteries for $5.50 Prime shipped (all-time low) Ovente’s highly-rated Glass Cordless Electric Kettle is back down to just $20 Now’s the time to stockpile! Levi’s Men’s 513 Slim-Straight Jean, various sizes: $17 Enjoy a nice Italian meal for less: $20 Buca di Beppo Gift card for $10 (50% discount) Soothe your aches and pains w/ the TriggerPoint Extra Firm GRID Foam Roller: $27.50 Turn any can or bottle into “expert draft-quality beer”: Fizzics Waytap Dispenser for $100 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE:   TP-LINK’s new Wi-Fi Smart Plug has a slimmer design and Alexa control: $35 Prime shipped (Reg. $50) Control up to five outlets wirelessly in your home: Aukey 5-piece kit with two remotes for $22 Prime shipped (Reg. $28) Save on Caseology’s latest iPhone 7/6/s/Plus and Galaxy S7 cases w/ these exclusive promo codes, from $7 Prime shipped Garmin’s vívosmart HR Activity Tracker: $85 (Reg. $110+) Dyson refurbished Vacuum Cleaner$170 Snow Joe 15-inch Electric Snow Blower Bundle $88 Mackie CR3 Studio Monitors, are on sale for $75 (Reg. $100) TP-Link Gigabit Wireless Router for $150 (25% savings) Tenergy’s best-selling 11W LED Desk Lamp: $19.50 (Reg. $25) Aukey Sweat-proof Bluetooth Headphones $13, more LEGO Deals: Star Wars Kylo Ren’s Shuttle $84, more Office Supplies: 100-Pack Ballpoint Pens $5.50, more DJI’s Phantom 4 Quadcopter $735 (Orig. $1,400) Aukey USB-C/A Wall Charger $18 Prime shipped, more Daydream View VR headset from just $49 MyProtein Impact Whey Protein $49.50 for an 11-lb bag Two-pack Hallomall Outdoor Solar LED Lights $30, more RAVPower’s Travel Router is ideal for road warriors: $30 Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper $11 55-inch 4K OLED Ultra HDTV from LG: $1,499 (Reg. $2,000) Play Monopoly Game of Thrones style for just $36 (Reg. $60) Console Wars dives into Sega and Nintendo’s battle: $2 Best Buy is offering the BELLA 2.5L Air Fryer down at $50 Mpow Bluetooth Headphones $19.50, more Transcend 128GB JetDrive Card for $55 (Reg. $70) Resistance Band Set $20 Prime shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Leica re-imagines its popular M10 camera with a slimmer design, iPhone-connectivity and more Dave Smith Instruments is back with the brand new REV2 16-voice poly synth Carved unleashes its new Acorn Acoustic Bluetooth speaker with a unique design After its Kickstarter success, the minimalistic Beeline bicycle computer is now available Teenage Engineering’s new PO-32 pocket synth goes high-tech with Mac connectivity IK Multimedia updates its lineup of iOS/Mac recording devices w/ the new iRig Pro I/O interface Vizio’s SmartCast products, including its Sonos competitors, now work with Google Home Ever wanted to play as modern-day players or Hilary Clinton in NBA Jam for SNES? Plezmo is the latest STEM-based kids’ coding kit for iOS and Android on Kickstarter Volt V Computer is a beautiful (and pricey) alternative to traditional PCs Bragi is finally shipping ‘The Headphone’, its cord-free AirPod competitor after delays The carbon fiber GoTube Electric Scooter folds up and weighs just 13-pounds Here’s the release date/price for Nintendo Switch + Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, more [Videos] The SpeedX Unicorn Road bike has raised nearly $1 million on Kickstarter Steadicam’s new Volt gimbal system brings “smooth and shake-free” movements to your iPhone Microsoft releases a pair of new Xbox One Wireless Controllers, more Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
M Tuesday, Jan 24 2017 | Updated at 04:16 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Jan 20, 2017 09:19 AM EST By Avery Robbins, UniversityHerald Reporter New MacBook Pro Production Schedule Revealed; Check Out The Latest Update on Specs and Release Date! MacBook Pro 2017 is said to be the most redesigned Apple's laptop (Photo : Apple/YouTube) Apple's new MacBook Pro will be getting Intel's latest processor, the Kaby Lake. Details here! 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro with 32 GB RAM It seems that there's nothing that Ming-Chi Kuo doesn't know of Apple's upcoming products. The reputed analyst claimed that Apple will unveil the redesigned MacBook Pro with 15-inch size and 32 GB of RAM on board. LaptopMag has learned that all of these new laptops will be using Intel's 7th gen chipset Kaby Lake. Furthering the detail, Kuo mentioned September as the production schedule of the premium MacBook Pro. A MacBook with larger RAM space could satisfy high-end users but for consumers with a budget, the 13-inch variant without Touch Bar is said to get a price slash this year. MacBook Air will most likely be reaching the end of its line as Apple will gradually replace it with a cheaper MacBook Pro. 12-inch MacBook Pros with 16 GB RAM Apple will reportedly launch two variants of MacBook Pro with 16 GB of RAM under the hood. These models, according to Kuo, will enter mass production in July. .@Apple to offer 32GB of desktop RAM in top-end 2017 #MacBook Pro, 16GB for 12" MacBook https://t.co/lrY9HyPhDW pic.twitter.com/t9ZQs36gMo — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) January 16, 2017 Intel Kaby Lake is expected It is no surprise that Apple finally moves to Kaby Lake as it offers plenty of benefits to the devices. The MacBook Pro 2017 will be power efficient and receive performance boost with the processor on board. As for the outward appearance and other components, the laptops will likely adopt the 2016's MacBook Pro design. MacBook Pro 2017 release date Many reports have speculated a September appearance for MacBook Pro unveiling but Forbes has noted a November schedule as the production starts in Q3. Check out the latest update on the new MacBook Pro in the video below!     Tags New MacBook Pro, macbook pro 2017, MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, MacBook Pro 2017 Specs, apple macbook pro 2017, apple rumor, apple macbook pro features, Intel Kaby Lake © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPad Pro 2 Update: Will The High-End Model Say Goodbye to iPad Mini? Check Out F ... iOS 10.1 Jailbreak is Bad but Thankfully, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak is Reportedly Aroun ... iPhone 8 to Deviate Far from Original Design with Foldable Display from LG?; App ... Apple to Launch Bezel-Less iPad Pro 2 Rocking A10X Chip in 2017? Get Yourself An Honor 6X: Here’s How To Get The Huawei Honor 6X For Free [VIDE ... Must Read Betsy DeVos: What You Need To Know About Trump’s Choice For Secretary of Education Jan 21, 2017 AM ESTHere are some things you need to know about Betsy DeVos, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Education ... The Pros and Cons of Taking A Double Major In College Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTIf you are considering taking double majors in college, here are the pros and cons you need to consider. ... Washington University Offers College Course on Kanye West Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTKanye West college course is now being offered in Washington University. ... Tips On How To Save on College Textbooks Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTLooking for ways to lower college expenses? Try saving on college textbooks with these tips. ... Most Popular Anti-Fake News Tool: UK University Researchers May Have Found Solution Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTA Cambridge University study has found a psychological tool against fake news. ... ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Trailer: Legendary Female Super Saiyan Leaked In New Universe Survival Arc – Broly Canon Is Back [PREVIEW] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTBREAKING NEWS: “Dragon Ball Super” trailer shocks fans with the introduction of female Broly in the Universe Survival Arc. Her teased appearance ... AMD Vega 10 vs NVIDIA GTX 1080 Ti: AMD Graphics Card Can Finally Compete With Top-End Nvidia’s GPU Stack [VIDEO] Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTThe latest Vega speculations have the initial releasing of the Vega 10 graphics card just before Taiwan's Computex at the end of May 2017. In spite of ... Android Nougat Officially Released to Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge; See Update Schedule for Other Samsung Flagship Smartphones [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTAs the Galaxy Note 7 has officially out of the picture, Samsung is reportedly putting too much effort in releasing the Android 7 Nougat updates to ... ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Movie Update: Jamie Dornan Unfazed With Films Bad Review; His Last Film As Christian Grey Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTJamie Dornan is being a sport about the bad reviews his upcoming film "Fifty Shades Darker" is getting from vocal haters. ... iPhone 6s vs iPhone 7: iPhone 7 The Most Selling iPhone In U.S., While iPhone 6s Has Battery Issue [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTThe iPhone 7 Plus is the best handset that Apple Inc. has ever produced. Nevertheless, the iPhone 7 was a bit of a disappointment, even for die-hard ... Huawei Android Nougat Roadmap Leaked: Mate 8, P9, and P9 Plus Gets EMUI 5.0 Update First Jan 22, 2017 PM ESTHere's all you need to know about the Huawei Android Nougat roadmap leak. ... ‘Justice League’ Update: Superman Black Costume Surfaces; Tagline Revealed [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTBy now, it's very obvious Superman will appear in "Justice League" but judging on how he sacrificed himself in "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," ... Xbox Games With Gold: Free February 2017 Games Forecast Includes ‘Battlefield: Bad Company’ While Backwards Compatibility Adds ‘Tekken 6’ [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTThere will be two for the Xbox 360 and two for the Xbox One, rounding a total of four new games for next the Xbox games with gold february 2017 free ... 3 Reasons Why Nexus UI is Comfortably Better than Pixel UI Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTAndroid in Google Pixel is said to offer better experience than the UI in Nexus but these are the few reasons why there isn't much to note about the ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security How to enable two-factor authentication for your Apple ID A hacked Apple account can be worth a lot to a cybercriminal. Protect yourself by enabling two-factor authentication for your Apple ID. By Brandon Vigliarolo | January 20, 2017, 7:56 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus If you have an iPhone, Mac, or even an iPod you have an Apple account. Now think of what it's associated with: Your phone's location, your credit card, iMessage account, iCloud storage, and more. The password that protects your Apple ID is protecting a lot of sensitive information that a hacker would love to get their hands on. More about IT Security Gallery: The 10 biggest business hacks of 2016 Experts predict 2017's biggest cybersecurity threats Electronics-sniffing dogs: How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes Subscribe to TechRepublic's Cybersecurity Insider newsletter We covered activating two-step verification for an Apple ID in 2014, but that was before Apple introduced two-factor authentication. This newer method is far more secure and anyone who is still using two-step verification is encouraged to deactivate it and enable two-factor authentication. Here's how to add that extra layer of security—and a lot of peace of mind—to your Apple account. First things first You might want to know what you're getting yourself into with two-factor authentication on your Apple ID. It's pretty simple: With two-factor enabled you'll be forced to enter an additional code each time you log in with your Apple ID and password on an unrecognized computer. SEE: Research: Apple rated highest for security on mobile devices (TechRepublic) Figure A Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Trusted computers will display a popup (Figure A) with the location of the user trying to log in. Once you verify that it's you a six-digit code will appear in the same window. Type that code in on the device you're trying to log in on and that's that: It's now a trusted device that you can log into without any extra steps in the future. Two-factor authentication requires you to have at least one Apple device running at least iOS 9 or macOS X El Capitan. You'll do all the enabling of two-factor authentication from one of those two devices. No matter which you choose it's still a bit of a slog: Apple didn't make this essential form of account security the easiest thing to take care of. Enabling two-factor authentication from an iOS device Figure B Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Start by opening up the Settings app. From there swipe down until you find iCloud. Tap on that to open the iCloud menu (Figure B) and then tap your name to bring up account settings. Figure C Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo The second choice in the list is Password & Security. Tap on that (Figure C). Figure D Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Tap on Turn On Two-Factor Authentication (Figure D) and get ready to walk through a series of steps. Figure E Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Figure E shows the screens you'll see immediately after tapping the option to turn two-factor on. Tapping Continue simply brings up the window in the second picture, and tapping Continue again will prompt you to answer two of the three security questions on your account. Figure F Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Once you've answered the security questions you'll be greeted by the first screen in Figure F. Enter your phone number and choose to get your code via text or call. Enter the code as shown in the second image of Figure F, and that's it: Two-factor authentication has been turned on for your Apple ID. In the future new Apple ID logins from other machines will prompt you with a popup on your iOS device to verify that it was you before it gives you a six-digit code. Enabling two-factor authentication from a macOS device Figure G Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo Start by opening the Apple menu on the left side of menu bar. Click on System Preferences (Figure G). That will open the main System Preferences window, also pictured in Figure G. From there click on iCloud. SEE: 10 mobile security myths that need debunking (TechRepublic) Figure H Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo The iCloud window will open (Figure H) and you'll want to click on Account Details, which will open the second window pictured in Figure H. Click on the Security tab. Figure I Image: TechRepublic/Brandon Vigliarolo The security window (Figure I) has the option to Turn On Two-Factor Authentication. Click on that and you'll be prompted to enter a phone number to receive a security code. Put your number in, click Continue, and wait for the code. Put it in the window that pops up and you'll be all set. Apple is becoming an essential part of the business world. Keep up on the latest headlines by subscribing to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Three Apple predictions for 2017 (TechRepublic) For privacy and security, change these iOS 10 settings right now (ZDNet) The top 10 mobile risks of 2016 (TechRepublic) The good and bad of Apple's security approach (ZDNet) Apple boosts iPhone security after Mideast spyware discovery (CBS News) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Policy pack: Guidelines for new hires Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Severance policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion SIRI-OUS BUSINESS Samsung S8 rumours suggest phone will ship with voice assistant made by team behind Apple’s Siri If true, Samsung's latest smartphone could knock Apple off the top spot Revealed mmurphy 20th January 2017, 5:12 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SAMSUNG’S next smartphone could knock Apple fan’s socks off if these incredible rumours are true. Rumours suggests the Samsung S8 will come with an incredibly futuristic feature from the team behind Apple’s Siri. Samsung 4 The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 which will not have a headphone jack It’s believed the S8 will ship with a new AI assistant dubbed Bixby, according to Sam Mobile. The virtual assistant was created by Viv Labs, the team that created Siri before it was acquired by Apple. ‘Leaked’ pictures of Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal even more of the upcoming smartphone’s amazing new features. The new Galaxy S8 won’t be announced officially until April, according to sources. YouTube 4 According to the latest leaks, the S8 will do away with its physical home button But an advert for the phone maker’s new Amoled screen technology appeared to show the new device. The wider screen smartphone in the clip is the same size as the s7 but is missing a home button. Samsung files patent for a mobile phone with a foldable SCREEN Samsung 4 The rumoured Samsung Galaxy S8 which will not have a headphone jack YouTube 4 Rumours are swirling that the Galaxy S8 will have a wider screen for Samsungs new Amoled display YouTube 4 Samsung is rumoured to be moving the phone's integrated fingerprint scanner under the screen itself   The tech giant has followed in the footsteps of rival Apple, confirming to SamMobile that it will replace the jack with a USB Type-C port instead. Apple lovers were fuming when Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 in in 2016 without a headphone jack, instead replacing its classic earphones with £159 wireless AirPods. Despite widespread backlash the phone still sold out, with UK customers desperate to get their hands on one when it was released. The phone - initially believed to be launched in February at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona - will also ditch the signature home button. Related stories SAMSUNG SCANDAL Cops seek arrest warrant for billionaire Samsung heir during South Korea corruption probe WET GRIPES Samsung slammed for refusing to cover cost of fixing 'water resistant' phones if they BREAK when wet BRIGHTEST OF THEM ALL Got a 4K TV for Christmas? You might want to buy this Samsung mega-telly EXPLOSIVE TECH NEWS Samsung unveils first new smartphones since the Galaxy Note 7 fire crisis A CHORE-SOME IDEA Samsung's incredible new device can FINALLY let you avoid one hated household task DYNAMITE FLIGHT FRIGHT Explosion fears on Virgin flight after pranksker changes name of wi-fi hotspot to Galaxy Note 7 It’s claimed that Samsung S8 will replace the home button with a fingerprint scanner under the screen instead, which will work using pressure-sensitive display technology. This means that the phone will be able to distinguish between a light tap and deep press – meaning access to more functions just by pressing down harder. And it might even be able to fold, if a recent Samsung patent is anything to go by. Samsung fans can also reportedly expect an ‘Edge’ style screen and improved camera, as well as a 4K display. It's expected to come in two models, one with a 5.1 inch dual-curved display, the other with 5.5 inches. The company have suffered bad press of late. The heir to the company is on the most wanted list for his alleged dealings in a corruption scandal that has already seen South Korea's president impeached. Super-rich business mogul Lee Jae-Yong, the only son of Samsung group chairman Lee Kun-Hee is accused of bribery, embezzlement and perjury. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Samsung Smartphones Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE Motorist who parked on private drive returns to find his Audi blocked in for TWO hours after tenant… News 'LITTLE DONALD' He yawned his way through dad's inauguration - but here's what else you need to know about Barron Trump News CHEERS TO THE NEW YEAR All you need to know about Chinese New Year - and why this is the year of the fire rooster News 'IT WAS CARNAGE' Two arrested on suspicion of arson after explosion at 'cannabis factory' sparks huge blaze in east London News BROLLY GOOD China is controlling the weather and will soon make it rain over an area twice the size of FRANCE News GETTING A BIT TOO MUCH, MELANIA? Awkward moment Melania Trump's smile turns to a sad frown the second Donald looks away News HOW DARE she? Nicola Sturgeon's SNP plan FIFTY amendments to Brexit bill including a plot to force the UK to stay IN the EU… News trumpy pumpy Racy pics show Donald Trump's wife Melania posing naked in steamy photoshoot News SNAPPY UNHAPPY Wave goodbye to sexy naked Snapchat selfies as photo app censors sauciness News VILE ABUSE Teenager saw mum 'having sex with FIVE of her classmates after plying them with booze at party' News 'INEXCUSABLE' Katie Rich suspended from Saturday Night Live over 'offensive' tweet about Donald Trump's son News AWW, MUM! THE WHOLE WORLD'S WATCHING Watch the moment Barron Trump, 10, refuses to hold his mum Melania's hand during… News PLANE NASTY Cruel owners leave their dog to FREEZE to death at airport after they were told it couldn't come on the plane News ROAD TRAGEDY Woman in her 40s who received open heart surgery on dual carriageway after horror crash involving coach dies News TOT KILLED IN CROSSFIRE Harrowing moment dad runs with his daughter, 2, in his arms after she was killed by stray bullet News Most Popular RIP PRADA Perrie Edwards reveals the cat she got with ex fiancé Zayn Malik has died TV & Showbiz Revealed BAD LUCK, piers GMB's Susanna Reid confesses she's been on a date with her co-host - and its NOT Piers Morgan TV & Showbiz Exclusive ‘He’d been nipping up for a quickie’ Pregnant mum fed up of sex noises from flat above devastated to find it was her FIANCE… Living Nightmare crash EastEnders horror as bus smashes through Albert Square leaving 11 characters facing death TV & Showbiz GANG RAPE ON FACEBOOK LIVE Webcam captures moment police save victim from horrific 3hr rape broadcast on Facebook by armed… News TRAINSTROPPING Ewan McGregor pulls out of Good Morning Britain appearance in protest at Piers Morgan's comments about… TV & Showbiz 'THEY'RE GONNA KILL ME ONE DAY!' Paris Jackson claims dad Michael was MURDERED and says she has tried to commit suicide… TV & Showbiz RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE Motorist who parked on private drive returns to find his Audi blocked in for TWO hours after tenant… News ‘We're all super hot' Mum says her family are the 'Kardashians of the UK' and admits she's JEALOUS of her twin daughters'… Living Picture exclusive DANNIELLA'S DECKS APPEAL Danniella Westbrook puts a tough year behind her and looks happy and healthy as she relaxes on a… TV & Showbiz Graphic Warning massive member's big break Man with world's biggest penis offered his first porn role... in a hospital-themed X-rated movie Living 'LITTLE DONALD' He yawned his way through dad's inauguration - but here's what else you need to know about Barron Trump News something's afoot Popular Adidas Superstar trainers spark an online frenzy after photo shows 'everyone' wearing them Living CHEERS TO THE NEW YEAR All you need to know about Chinese New Year - and why this is the year of the fire rooster News 'IT WAS CARNAGE' Two arrested on suspicion of arson after explosion at 'cannabis factory' sparks huge blaze in east London News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Share Tweet 'iPhone X' to come with second-gen 3D Touch, 5.8-inch OLED screen Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Rip DVD to Mac Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPhone News New iPhone 7s release date rumours UK | iPhone 7s 2017 specs & new features New iPhone 7s release date rumours UK | iPhone 7s specs & new features: 'iPhone X' with 5.8-inch OLED screen, second-gen 3D Touch predicted for 2017 launch Looking forward to 2017's iPhone 7s launch? We've gathered all the clues, hints and rumours related to the new iPhone 7s for 2017, from the iPhone 7s release date to tech specs, new features and design rumours. Latest: report predicts the 2017 iPhones will be able to charge wirelessly and come with upgraded second-gen 3D Touch, and an analyst is predicting that the next iPhone will be branded as the 'iPhone X' by David Price | 23 Jan 17 Share Tweet   Comments Contents Release date Name Design New features When will the iPhone 7s be launched in the UK, and how different will it be from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? And what tech specs and new features should we expect from Apple's new iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus handsets for 2017? Welcome to our iPhone 7s rumour roundup, in which we gather and analyse the latest clues and speculation about the iPhone 7s release date, tech specs, new features and more. If you've come here in search of information about the current iPhone range, allow us to direct you to our iPhone 7 review, iPhone 7 Plus review, iPhone buying guide 2016/2017 and best iPhone deals UK. Apple unveiled the new iPhone 7, alongside its bigger sibling the iPhone 7 Plus, during a special event on 7 September last year. But we're already looking ahead to the next iPhone in 2017. In this article we sift through the clues and evidence pointing to Apple's iPhone 7s launch later this year, and predict the iPhone 7s release date, tech specs, design and new features. We'll update this article whenever new information emerges, so check back regularly for the latest iPhone 7s rumours. Updated, 23 January 2017, with a detailed report predicting a more sensitive second-gen 3D Touch in the iPhone 7s; on 20 Jan, with predictions that the late-2017 iPhone update will be rebranded as the 'iPhone X'; on 16 Jan, with an Apple patent for 'displays with openings' that hints at an edge-to-edge screen; on 8 Dec, with reports of a new red colour option for the iPhone 7s; on 4 Dec, to add further detail to reports that the iPhone 7s will feature wireless charging, as well as claims (from Donald Trump) that Donald Trump is pressuring Tim Cook to build iPhones in the US; and on 17 Nov, to report on a source's claim that Apple is integrating augmented reality into its next iPhone Read more: iPhone 8 rumours | iPhone 9 rumours | Best cheap iPhone deals UK iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Release date The iPhone 7 was announced on 7 September, and pre-orders began on 9 September; it went on sale on 16 September. (Read our list of the Best cheap iPhone 7 deals.) Which gives us some pretty strong hints about when to expect the iPhone 7s. Ever since the launch of the iPhone 4s, Apple has consistently updated its iPhones once a year, in autumn (with one exception: the smaller iPhone SE was launched in March 2016), so we're expecting the iPhone 7s to appear some time in September 2017. Here are our predictions of upcoming iPhone release dates over the next few years: Mar 2017: iPhone SE 2 Sept 2017: iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus Mar 2018: iPhone SE 3 Sept 2018: iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Mind you, it's possible that Apple might bring the iPhone 8 forward... as we discuss in the next section. iPhone 7s release date rumours: Donald Trump 'pressuring Apple to build iPhone 7s in the US' As part of his recent presidential campaign, Donald Trump complained about Apple's offshore manufacturing operations, and boasted that he would make the company build its iPhones in the US (and employ a bunch of Americans in the process). Now, as president-elect, he's trying to make his promises a reality. Speaking to the New York Times, Trump described a call he had with Tim Cook about the issue, and appeared to think he had been extremely persuasive. "I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple, and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.'" Read next: Where are Apple products made? Apple has its reasons for building its smartphones in Asia, where labour costs are lower (and the relevant skills are more plentiful, according to Cook). But Trump thinks he can sweeten the deal with tax cuts and changes to regulations. "I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.'" What Trump does not claim is that Cook actually agreed to any of this, even in principle. And Tim Cook doesn't strike us as someone who could easily be cowed into taking a course of action that isn't in the best interests of Apple and its shareholders. Other Apple products made in the US The idea of US manufacture isn't totally alien to Apple, although it is unusual and restricted to far lower-volume products than the iPhone. It has made a lot out of its US Mac Pro assembly, but this is a niche product - a flagship niche product, to be sure, but one that is made in comparatively low numbers. In January 2017 - a couple of weeks ahead of Trump's inauguration - Apple applied to expand the use of a manufacturing facility it owns in Arizona. (The plant was going to be used for sapphire screens, but that fell through.) It was understood, rather boringly, that Apple would be building data server cabinets for its own internal use, but the company has since stated that it will merely be receiving, configuring and distributing servers from this hub rather than building any products. Any increase in the company's US manufacturing footprint, no matter how seemingly unrelated to the iPhone, will add to speculation that Donald Trump's very public pressure is beginning to have an effect. (The President Elect is quite canny at taking credit for things that are unrelated to - and sometimes precede - the actions he claims to have caused them, as the US automotive industry is currently discovering.) iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Name Apple habitually follows what is known as a 'tick-tock' release cycle with its iPhones. One year it will release a full-number upgrade, featuring a significant physical redesign (iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6); then the next year it will release an 'S' upgrade which has the same physical design as its predecessor but adds new features and spec boosts (iPhone 4s, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6s). For this reason many Apple fans choose to upgrade their phones once every two years. Given that the iPhone 7 appeared in 2016, the obvious conclusion is that Apple will unveil an iPhone 7s (and accompanying iPhone 7s Plus) in autumn 2017. But there have been increasingly widespread murmurs that it's about time for Apple to retire its tick-tock cycle, which deprecates the importance of its S releases and discourages regular updates. What's more, 2017 is the iPhone's 10th-anniversary year, and the iPhone 7 had a surprisingly similar physical design to the iPhone 6 and 6s (headphone port aside). For these reasons, quite a few of us suspect that Apple will go all-out with a blockbuster release, branded as the iPhone 8, next year. Indeed, a little extra weight was added to the 'iPhone 8 in 2017' theory in early October 2016. Business Insider reports that an Apple employee in Israel who solders components spoke to them about the next iPhone and referred to it as the iPhone 8 "unprompted in our conversation". iPhone X Timothy Arcuri, an analyst at the research firm Cowen and Company, has sent out a client note predicting among other things that the late-2017 iPhone update will be branded as iPhone X - X in this case evidently signifying the Roman numeral for 10, since the iPhone is celebrating its 10th birthday in 2017. We'll talk a bit about Timothy Arcuri's other predictions later in this article. Macworld Poll: What will Apple call the next iPhone? iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Design What physical changes can we expect in the iPhone 7s? Logically, an S upgrade would imply a lack of a physical redesign, but Apple has kept largely the same chassis for three iPhones in a row now and we'd be shocked if the company doesn't pull some kind of major revamp out of the bag. iPhone 7s design: Edge-to-edge screen, with no Home button Some while back Piper Jaffrey analyst Gene Munster suggested the iPhone 7 wouldn't have a Home button, reasoning that the new 3D Touch technology introduced with the iPhone 6s could largely take its place and allow Apple to use the space to make the screen bigger or the device smaller. (A corollary of Munster's theory is that the Touch ID fingerprint scanner would need to move - perhaps being built into the screen itself.) Munster's speculation about the iPhone 7 didn't prove to be true - indeed, Munster has made a few famously misjudged predictions in the past, along with some decent calls - but may yet happen on the iPhone 7s.  Technology that could help with this development was recently announced by a biometric R&D company, Sonavation. Its tech would enable Apple to run the screen vertically edge-to-edge, with no cut-out for the Home button. The Home button could occupy the same position but appear only when needed, much like the software keyboard; and the technology for Touch ID would be bonded to the underside of the screen at the appropriate point. Last year Apple filed a patent that seems relevant to this concept. Patent application number 20150036065, for "a fingerprint sensor... incorporated in a display stack in an electronic device", was filed in April 2014 and published recently. Here are some of the illustrations: (The illustration in Fig. 1 above appears to show an iPhone that still has a Home button, and therefore doesn't increase the amount of screen area - what would be the point of that, you might wonder. But remember that this is to illustrate the concept itself, not to show what it would look like in practice or the way other elements of the product would change to adapt to it.) What's more, Apple has been granted another patent that also refers to a fingerprint sensor that can work through a screen. Patent 9,460,332 describes a "Capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens": more pertinently to this discussion, it states that "one or more other device components, such as a display stack and/or a touchscreen may be interposed between the contact surface of dielectric structure 202 and array 206 of capacitive sensing elements". In January 2017 yet another patent was added to the pile of evidence that Apple is plotting the use of an edge-to-edge screen. Patent 9,543,364, granted on 10 January, refers to "Electronic devices having displays with openings", and appears to cover various means by which Apple would be able to hide cameras, sensors and controls behind the screen and still allow the user to access them, thanks to small (and in most cases tiny) holes in the screen. This in turn means Apple can expand the screen outwards to cover the full face of the device, since it doesn't need to leave space around the edge for the various apertures and controls we've grown used to. The holes could be filled in with a material that doesn't block radio signals, for instance, although in many cases they will be so small that the user wouldn't notice them. iPhone 7s design: Larger screen Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, who we quoted earlier, has also made some predictions about the screen to be included in the 'iPhone X'. There will be three models, Arcuri says: 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch phones, to match the existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a new 5.8-inch iPhone - the biggest ever iPhone screen. This latter, clearly flagship model, will have an OLED screen and a "wraparound" design with the Touch ID fingerprint sensor integrated under the glass, with no separate Home button. iPhone 7s design: Glass front and back 9to5Mac cites a report, from the generally reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, that predicts - based on the popularity of the (scratch-prone) Jet Black iPhone 7 -  that the next iPhone will have a glass front and back that mimic that device's glossy looks but are better able to resist scratch damage. "If Apple does follow through with what KGI suggests," the site predicts, "an all-glass design could extend the glossy finish to all colours of the iPhone lineup depending on how Apple handles the design." iPhone 7s design: Stainless steel chassis DigiTimes (a Chinese-language site which Apple Insider describes as a "hit-or-miss publication", with polite savagery), is predicting that the chassis of the iPhone 7s will be made of stainless steel and supplied by Jabil rather than favoured manufacturing partner Foxconn, citing the usual anonymous sources in the supply chain. This would be a surprise, to be honest, given Apple's overwhelming recent preference for aluminium; the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s were designed with steel bands around a glass body, but it's been all aluminium for the iPhone line ever since. And we're given to understand that the engineering method will be different this time around: whereas the iPhone 4-gen handsets were milled, the iPhone 7 metalwork will be forged, a technique that creates stronger components. iPhone 7s design: Colour options The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are available in five colour options: silver, gold, Rose Gold (pink), (matt) black and Jet Black. The iPhone 7s will probably be available in the same colours, but it's believed that there will be a sixth red option as well. The (generally pretty reliable) Japanese-language site Macotakara has posted a report that cites a source in the Taiwanese supply chain and says it is highly probably red will be added to the colour line-up. (A slight complication here is that Apple has historically made red products as part of the Product Red HIV/AIDS charity, rather than as a cosmetic preference. Macotakara doesn't comment on whether this will be tied in with that charity.) Mockup illustration courtesy of Macotakara Before the launch of the iPhone 7 there were rumours about a Deep Blue colour option, but we've not heard much about that since then. iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: New features Pundits are increasingly looking ahead to 2017 for a big iPhone launch. Making predictions about the upcoming performance of Apple stock, analysts at Credit Suisse forecast that the 10th-anniversary iPhone released in 2017 (which they predict will be called iPhone 8 in recognition of its major updates, incidentally) will feature "significant innovations" such as a full-glass OLED screen, new and upgraded haptic feedback features, wireless charging and numerous major specs improvements including the camera and processor. Here are some more features we could see in the iPhone 7s. iPhone 7s new features: New 3D Touch AppleInsider is predicting that the late-2017 iPhone will feature second-gen 3D Touch with greater sensitivity and greater gesture versatility than the current version, thanks to changes in the underlying design. According to a research note from the respected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo seen by the site, the next iPhone will have 3D Touch based around thin film instead of flexible printed circuit boards. While this would improve the way the technology works, it would create design headaches; for one thing, thin film sensors don't incorporate the metal conductive plate that protects the current screen from deformation, so Apple would have to add a passive metal backplate or risk a repeat of the Bendgate scenario. The development would also add to manufacturing costs, and with UK prices already up to account for the weakness of the pound, Apple hasn't got much room for manoeuvre if it wants to protect its profit margin. Read next: Best 3D Touch shortcuts iPhone 7s new features: Wireless charging Wireless charging didn't arrive with the iPhone 7 as some had predicted (it has also been predicted for previous iPhone models stretching back some years), but was introduced to the Apple Watch in the form of inductive charging... and this is significant. As iMore's Rene Ritchie points out, inductive charging hasn't been practical for the iPhone in previous years because the technology available at the time didn't work through an aluminium backplate - but the Apple Watch can offer wireless charging because it has a ceramic back. In July 2015 Qualcomm announced a wireless charging breakthrough that does work through metal. This came too late for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but the technology may appear in the 7s generation. Foxconn, a huge iPhone manufacturer, is reported to be testing wireless charging modules that will be included in some or all of the 2017 iPhones. (Apple likes to have at least one major feature that sets the Plus model apart, and so it would makes a certain sense to limit this to the large model only.) The questions at this point relate to yield rate and profitability: Foxconn is exploring the practicality of producing large batches of the component to a satisfactory standard. In November 2016, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted in a report that Apple will indeed bring wireless charging capabilities to the autumn 2017 iPhone handsets, thanks to the all-glass design, but warned that the firm may bundle the wireless charger with more expensive models only. The firm envisions a wireless pad for charging the phones, somewhat like the inductive charger that comes with the various Apple Watch models. Perhaps the iPhone 7s Plus will offer wireless charging out of the box, while iPhone 7s buyers will need to purchase the charging pad separately (in this scenario, obviously the phones would need to be chargeable via conventional means too); or it might be the lower storage capacity units that miss out on the bundled wireless charger. That's another accessory to put on your shopping list, then. Business Insider offers a little more detail from Ming-Chi Kuo's report on wireless charging; one aspect it mentions - which appears to contradict earlier rumours that Foxconn was leading the way in this area - is that Pegatron will be the exclusive supplier of this component.  iPhone 7s new features: Augmented reality and VR According to a source cited by Business Insider (described only as "a person familiar with the matter"), Apple is currently working on a new augmented reality feature for the 2017 iPhone update. "By adding AR technology into the iPhone's camera software, Apple wants consumers to be able to point the phone at a real-world object and have it be recognised," said the site. "Another early feature for Apple's AR integration into the camera app could be to recognise and manipulate people's faces." This fits with earlier predictions raised in a far-ranging and fascinating Facebook post by Robert Scoble which discussed the way VR and augmented reality will figure in Apple's upcoming iPhones. "Really amazing VR/AR/mixed reality is coming... and coming by the end of 2017," Scoble writes. "Apple's entrance into this new world is like when IBM came into the personal computing world. It is that important." He discusses the impact that a mixed-reality iPhone could have on the market, and predicts that users will "pop [the new iPhone] into a headset which has eye sensors on it, which enables the next iPhone to have a higher apparent frame rate and polygon count than a PC with a Nvidia 1080 card in it... The clear iPhone will put holograms on top of the real world like Microsoft HoloLens does. "You'll look through the glass in mixed reality modes (think of a new kind of Pokemon game) either in the headset, or in your hand." Read more: Apple VR and augmented reality rumours On the next page: Everything you need to know about 2016's iPhone 7 launch >> >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: iPhone , Rumour , iPhone 6 , iOS 9 , iPhone 6s , iPhone 7 Share this article Share Tweet   Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years How neuroscience can test the impact of your design choices Best alternatives to iTunes for Mac | Best music players for macOS: Free your music from the… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics BABA AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Please Everybody A Wall Street favorite, Apple stock nevertheless faces tough challenges in 2017 By Josh Enomoto, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 20, 2017, 11:17 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is Headed for a Much Rougher Road 3 Steel Stocks That Will Give Back All of the Trump Rally Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Please Everybody Recent Posts: Can the Shark Tank Make These 3 Canadian Stocks Great Again? Why Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Is Unstoppable Despite Any Pitfalls Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Please Everybody View All Posts I have to admit straight off the bat that I’m not too fond of writing about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). For starters, everyone — and I do mean everyone — has an opinion on Apple stock. Source: Apple Even those that may be uninterested in the markets, or consumers who prefer products from Samsung Electronic (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) or Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE:SNE), still seem to throw in their two cents. That’s the power of the Apple brand. I’m not complaining. Although I have a financial interest in SNE stock, and have owned Samsung smartphones in the past, Apple products are better. Its ecosystem is seamlessly connected, and its interface is intuitive. Best of all, the company has an uncanny ability to provide solutions for which you have yet to realize is a problem. And no — finding a good-looking, untucked dress shirt is not a real problem! The central issue I have with Apple stock is that investors may be too emotionally vested. If there’s any advice I can give, it’s that business is all about the numbers. Holding any other view could lead you down a dangerous path. Positive Factors Buoying Apple Stock Admittedly, Apple stock doesn’t make market agnosticism easy. The heart of the organization of course is the iPhone. Last Friday, rumors circulated that the upcoming iPhone 8 will feature better water resistance than its predecessor. The improvement could potentially allow the “8” to survive immersion greater than one meter deep. Whether the safety feature is actually useful or not, it’s a great marketing tool. Samsung initiated their waterproof model with their Galaxy GS4 Active to critical acclaim. Of course, there’s much more to Apple’s flagship product than making it accident proof. According to InvestorPlace writer Tom Taulli, there are already “indications that the device will be standout, such as with OLED (organic light emitting diodes) screens, which will be thinner and perhaps even allow for bending. Interestingly enough, there may not even be a bezel, which will not only make the device look sleeker — one of Apple’s hallmarks — but allow more room on the screen.” We also must consider the Apple stock price in comparative value against the broader consumer technology industry. As Taulli notes, “AAPL stock still sports a reasonable valuation, with the forward price-to-earnings ratio of 11.5X. Hey, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is at 19X and Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) is trading at 14X.” To go along with this analysis, you have to appreciate the creative synergy that drives Apple stock. Despite roadblocks like the Supreme Court decision that has serious implications for intellectual property rights, AAPL, and by extension, AAPL stock keeps on chugging. I don’t doubt for a second that they’ll continue asserting themselves in the retail market. They’re too much of a valuable entity for any other course of action. Weaknesses in Apple’s Armor Yet it’s in the financial markets where Apple stock loses some sheen. As Investor’s Business Daily wryly notes, in the same year that AAPL “opens an edifice to its greatness — a massive new headquarters that looks like a flying saucer — the company faces growing questions about its future and whether it can still surprise and delight customers with exciting new gadgets.” Furthermore, expectations are “sky-high that 2017’s 10th anniversary iPhone will be something special that unleashes the full potential of the Apple revenue-generating ecosystem.” No one questions that AAPL stock is backed by a solid team carrying out founder Steve Jobs’ grand vision. Nevertheless, that’s a lot of pressure riding on the company. It’s a well-known fact that a majority of AAPL’s sales and profits comes from the iPhone. In fact, we are starting to see some kinks in the vaunted armor. Again, Investor’s Business Daily writes that iPhone “sales declined last year for the first time ever, during the iPhone 6S cycle. They could fall again this year, during the iPhone 7 cycle. In fiscal 2016, iPhone unit sales declined 8%, while iPhone revenue shrank 12%.” Furthermore, there’s an overreliance on its smartphone division that could come back to haunt them. A glaring example is the fact that Apple hasn’t done much of anything with its premium line of Mac computers. Sure, that industry is in decline, but Apple has always been chic-cool. If it’s abandoning Macs in favor of portable e-devices, it’s going to be in a dogfight with discount-price leaders. And if it can’t protect its designs as the Supreme Court decision implies, that just makes Apple’s job all the more difficult. Hence, it either needs to kill it with its new iPhones or it needs other products for diversification. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/apple-stock-price-aapl-iphone-new-devices/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy to Survive a 'Trumpsy-Turvy' 2017 Sell GoPro on This Pointless Karma Rally Alibaba Stock Will Hit All-Time Highs Soon 3 Bullish Stock Charts Screaming 'Buy Me!' F Stock Will Gain 20% in Trump’s First Year 10 Companies Bringing Jobs Back to America Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 2 Trades to Profit From Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Should I Buy Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 10 Stocks to Buy to Survive a “Trumpsy-Turvy” 2017 10 Companies That Are Bringing Jobs Back to America 3 Breakout-Ready Blue-Chip Stocks Most Popular Most Commented 3 Bullish Stock Charts That Scream “Buy Me!” 7 Straight-A Stocks to Build Your Portfolio Around United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Stock Could Fake Us All Out 7 Stocks to Sell Before They Implode 10 Companies That Are Bringing Jobs Back to America 3 Key Blue-Chip Stocks Hogging All the Action With Trump in Office, The S&P 500 Is Free to Try for Another Breakout Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK) Stock’s New Smartphone Lineup Won’t Help It Apple Inc. (AAPL) Suit Against Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Is the Real Deal Monday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Trade of the Day: Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stock on Cloud 9 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Jan 21, 2017 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Sharp’s Apple orders to benefit GIS sales: report TOUCHPANEL:With Samsung cutting supply, Sharp — GIS’ display module client — has won a bigger share of the LCD panel supply for the iPad, KGI said By Lisa Wang  /  Staff reporter General Interface Solution Holding Ltd (GIS, 業成), a touchpanel manufacturing arm of Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (鴻海精密), should see its revenue rise by as much as 40 percent this year, after Sharp Corp clinched a bigger order allocation from Apple Inc, KGI Securities Co (凱基證券) said. Sharp is leveraging Hon Hai’s partnership with Apple after Hon Hai acquired a 66 percent stake in the Japanese firm for US$3.5 billion last year. Hon Hai is a major supplier of iPads and iPhones to Apple. With Samsung Electronics cutting supply, Sharp is expected to fill between 30 and 40 percent of Apple’s LCD panel needs for the iPad this year, up from between 15 and 25 percent last year, KGI analyst Kuo Ming-chi (郭明錤) said in a client note on Thursday. Moreover, Sharp will, for the first time, start supplying flat panels for Apple’s MacBook laptops, Kuo said in the report. The Japanese panelmaker is expected to start shipments in the third quarter and deliver 2 million to 3 million units for the whole year, accounting for 15 to 20 percent of the total panels used in MacBooks, he said. “GIS, which assembles display modules for Sharp, will be the biggest beneficiary of this development,” Kuo said. GIS could see its revenue soar by between 25 and 40 percent this year to between NT$100 billion and NT$110 (US$3.2 billion and US$3.5 million), Kuo said. KGI’s forecast was much higher than an estimate of NT$90 billion by most analysts. For example, Daiwa Capital Markets Inc analyst Kylie Huang (黃奎毓) expects GIS to make NT$83.5 billion in revenue this year on the back of rising orders and better average selling prices (ASP). Kuo said he also expects GIS to start shipping 3D touch modules for OLED panels for iPhones in March. The new 3D touch module carries a higher ASP, he said. In addition, GIS has the chance to supply OLED modules to Sharp and therefore to Apple next year, if the US company launches mid-end iPhones equipped with less advanced OLED screens as it did before, Kuo said. “As a result, we are bullish about GIS’ stock performance,” Kuo said. Last year, the Miaoli-based GIS made NT$79.36 billion in revenue. The company generated about 30 to 40 percent of its revenue from touchpanels used in smartphones. GIS shares surged 4.95 percent to NT$97.6 in Taipei trading yesterday, hitting their highest level in nine months. This story has been viewed 2818 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-01-18 to 2017-01-25 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Chinese war would be swift: ex-official 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 Revisiting the ‘one China’ policy 4 Pension reform opponents ‘selfish’: DPP 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Revisiting the ‘one China’ policy 2 Hon Hai mulls US$7bln plant in US 3 Wide support for pension reform: poll 4 Double-decker bus service for tourists debuts 5 Chinese war would be swift: ex-official MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Avago Technologies Ltd. (AVGO) Lowered to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Synaptics Inc. (SYNA) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Territorial Bancorp Inc. (TBNK) to Release Earnings on Thursday Office Depot Inc. (ODP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Boosts IAC/InterActive (IAC) Price Target to $70.00 Jefferies Group Analysts Give L Brands Inc. (LB) a $48.00 Price Target GNC Holdings Inc. (GNC) Downgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Jefferies Group Raises Oclaro Inc. (OCLR) Price Target to $13.25 BMO Capital Markets Raises Netflix Inc. (NFLX) Price Target to $150.00 Netflix Inc. (NFLX) Lifted to “Neutral” at Macquarie CLSA Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Markit’s (INFO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Markit’s (INFO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Chelsea Counsel Co. Increases Stake in WEC Energy Group Inc. (WEC) ENBRIDGE EGY PT (EEP) Shares Sold by Chelsea Counsel Co. Chelsea Counsel Co. Purchases New Stake in Leidos Holdings Inc. (LDOS) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Has $366,000 Stake in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Purchases 170 Shares of American International Group Inc. (AIG) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Daniel J. Riccio Sells 10,942 Shares Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 10,942 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $119.99, for a total transaction of $1,312,930.58. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.22% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $120.04. The company had a trading volume of 8,802,766 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $115.87 and a 200 day moving average price of $110.48. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $120.50. The company has a market capitalization of $640.09 billion, a PE ratio of 14.45 and a beta of 1.30. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.66 by $0.01. Apple had a return on equity of 35.59% and a net margin of 21.19%. The company had revenue of $46.85 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.88 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.96 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 9.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Daniel J. Riccio Sells 10,942 Shares” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/20/apple-inc-aapl-insider-daniel-j-riccio-sells-10942-shares.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in shares of Apple by 6,771.0% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 22,633,195 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $999,482,000 after buying an additional 22,303,795 shares during the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in shares of Apple during the third quarter valued at about $1,871,586,000. Capital World Investors raised its position in shares of Apple by 29.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 38,337,447 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $4,334,048,000 after buying an additional 8,740,447 shares during the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC raised its position in shares of Apple by 103.4% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 184,093 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $20,812,000 after buying an additional 5,595,092 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd raised its position in shares of Apple by 56.9% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 15,294,140 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,462,120,000 after buying an additional 5,543,465 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 57.75% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Bank of America Corp. upped their price target on shares of Apple from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Macquarie upped their price target on shares of Apple from $133.00 to $148.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday. Raymond James Financial Inc. restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Nomura set a $135.00 price target on shares of Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $130.03. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Pilgrim’s Pride Corp. (PPC) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Next » Carnival PLC (CUK) CEO Arnold W. Donald Sells 24,186 Shares of Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Celebrities Hot topics: Emma Willis Brad Pitt Victoria Beckham Liam Payne Brooklyn Beckham Cheryl Kristina Rihanoff James Corden The Kardashians Close Sections Home Celebrities Celeb news Celebrity babies Celebrity couples Michelle Keegan The Beckhams Cheryl Andy Murray Royalty Royal news The Queen Kate Middleton Prince William Prince Harry Prince George Princess Charlotte Prince Charles William and Kate Fashion HELLO! Fashion Kate Middleton style Street Style Weddings Brides news Celebrity weddings Wedding dresses Wedding hub Babies Babies news Celebrity babies Health & Beauty Health & Beauty news Make up Skincare Hair Health & fitness Body weight calculator Stay in shape Phototype Food Food news Recipes Travel TV & Film TV & Film news X Factor Strictly Come Dancing I'm a Celebrity Great British Bake Off Blogs Videos Search Emily Watson's not looking forward to the school run after risqué role in Apple Tree Yard January 20, 2017 by Emmy Griffiths The star opened up about her upcoming role Oscar nominated actress Emily Watson is due to appear in BBC drama Apple Tree Yard, and has opened up about the risque sex scenes in the show. The star plays Dr Yvonne Carmichael, a geneticist who has an affair with the mysterious Mark (played by Ben Chaplin), in the adaptation of the bestselling novel. Speaking about filming with passionate scenes with Ben, the star told the Daily Mail: "Ben and I go way back, so it wasn't really embarrassing, but I think taking my kids to school and seeing the other parents the morning after this is on TV might be interesting." She also spoke about playing a sexualised woman in her 50s, and how she hope that it makes a "culture shift" in how older women are presented in television and film. Emily opened up about the show Chatting to The Telegraph, she said: "To be playing a woman of that age who is having an affair and is so vibrant and positive, at least at the start, felt great… Just the fact that the protagonist is a sexualised woman in her 50s is a good, feminist statement. Because we all know that Hollywood tends to ignore women from a certain time onwards, that cultural shift is likely to be driven by television. And I really hope that there is a shift happening. Because this idea that female sexuality is the preserve of 22-year-olds is just absurd. If anything, your sexuality blossoms during your late 40s and 50s." The actress also revealed that the crew had been banned from filming the steamy scenes inside of the Westminster building for the four-part series."We were banished," she told the Sun. "Because as it turns out you can blow up James Bond on Westminster Bridge but no sex, please!" Sign up to our Newsletter HERE! Latest comments Leave your comment: You will reply to , if you prefer, Type here Please note, all comments are those of readers and do not represent the opinion of Hellomagazine.com Hellomagazine.com reserves the right to remove comments it considers offensive or not relevant Please focus on the topic To comment you must be registered at hellomagazine.com Log in to comment © 2000-2017, HELLO! Site Info Newsletter Privacy policy UK/Canadian Magazine Subscriptions Legal Advertise Contact Follow us on Facebook Follow us on twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google Plus Follow us on Pinterest Contact Ir a inicio LOG IN Log out US SpainES MexicoMX USAUS ArgentinaAR United KingdomUK USAUS CanadaCA RussiaRU TV United KingdomUK USAUS Home Celebrities Celebrity News Celebrity Couples Celebrity Kids Biographies Royalty Royal News Royal Babies & Kids Queen Elizabeth II Young Royals Queen Letizia Royal Style William & Kate William & Kate News Prince William Prince George Princess Charlotte Kate Middleton Fashion Fashion News Kate Middleton Style Weddings Weddings News Royal weddings Celebrity Weddings Celebrity Couples Health & Beauty Health & Beauty News Mother & Baby Health & Fitness Makeup Hair Skincare Men Lifestyle Lifestyle News Cuisine Travel Horoscopes Entertainment Newsletter Follow us on facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Contact Privacy policy UK/Canadian Magazine Subscriptions Legal Advertise © 2000-2017, HELLO! LOG IN Log out HELLO! Search Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Android’s biggest strength is driving people to the iPhone Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Once upon a time, a team of engineers began work on a mobile operating system called Android. The platform began its life as an uninspired BlackBerry OS clone, but one glimpse of Apple’s new iPhone would help Google realize that it needed a serious course correction. As a result, the version of Android that debuted on the HTC Dream in 2008 was much more iPhoney than the version that had been previewed by Google a year earlier. Despite the similarities to Apple’s mobile software, however, Android included a number of advantages over Apple’s iPhone OS, namely its versatility and the fact that it was an open source platform available to any hardware manufacturer for free. For years, users have flocked to Android for a number of reasons. One is obviously the sheer volume of Android devices that have flooded the market; since Android is freely available to hardware companies, hundreds of companies have adopted the platform. Another reason people have been drawn to Android is the software’s versatility and flexibility. But while many users still enjoy that freedom, more and more people seem to be leaving Android and switching to the iPhone because of it. Don't Miss: People are showing off photos of their scratched up Jet Black iPhone 7 handsets Earlier this week, well-known market research firm CIRP issued a report stating that users are moving from the Android platform to iPhones far less frequently than they have in the past. That may or may not be the case, but you wouldn’t know it to look at Reddit, where new threads pop up every single day started by Android users who have recently jumped ship to the iPhone. One recent thread in particular caught our attention. The thread was started by Redditor “DiamondsWithaZ,” a self-professed Android fanboy who has spent the last five years using a variety of different Android phones. The freedom and versatility had been what initially made him love Android phones, and he regularly rooted his phones to install custom ROMs. Over time, however, the very thing that drew him to Android grew tiresome, and he ended up buying an iPhone 7. “It’s so buttery smooth with everything I do, the battery life is amazing, camera is great, and it’s just a beautiful device overall,” the Redditor wrote. “I’m still finding out things that impress me.” This is just one user’s experience, of course, but it’s also the latest in a string of similar posts we’ve seen around the web. Google gives third-party developers carte blanche to add just about any functionality to Android, and custom ROMs push the platform’s versatility even further. After a while, however, people realize that they want a phone that just works. Google’s mobile platform still hasn’t managed to match the iPhone when it comes to the overall user experience and the smoothness of the OS, and Android phone makers are nowhere close to matching the iPhone’s power and performance. The ability to customize every last feature in Android is and will continue to be a big draw for many people, but we’re seeing more and more users grow tired of tinkering. Trending right now: These are the dash cams your car has been waiting for You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL Samsung will blame the Galaxy Note 7’s battery when it releases its findings on Monday See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know BGR News Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Analysts share concerns about Apple and other U.S. companies over expected Trump trade negotiations with China Michael Potuck - Jan. 20th 2017 8:09 am PT @michaelpotuck AAPL Company Donald Trump View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As Donald Trump is being sworn in as the 45th President of the United States, Investor’s Business Daily notes analysts are weighing in on the impact of future trade negotiations with China under the Trump Presidency. Of particular concern are iconic U.S. companies like Apple, Starbucks, General Motors and Nike as well as U.S. companies with a high percentage of Chinese revenue…Apple is in both of those categories with 22% of the previous fiscal year coming from China. Apple’s 22% of Chinese revenue accounts for $46.4B of sales and other tech companies have an even higher proportion of Chinese sales. Qualcomm comes in at 57% revenue from China and Broadcom (maker of Raspberry Pi’s components) at 55%. Intel comes in at 21% of total revenue coming from China. Even though Apple has a lower percentage of Chinese revenue than Qualcomm, the iPhone maker has the most at stake as far as total sales dollars coming from China (as well as most of their manufacturing and assembly). For now, analysts with The Eurasia Group aren’t overly concerned about Trump pushing tariffs as a negotiation strategy, but they do expect him to take action to change how Chinese steel and aluminum is dumped in the U.S. The Eurasia Group, which analyzes political risk for investors, wrote that it expects the Trump administration to “aggressively accelerate the pace of anti-dumping, anti-subsidy and other unilateral actions against specific Chinese imports, but they will not adopt across-the-board tariffs in order to maintain room for a negotiated solution.” The main concern is how China might respond and try to prevent Trump from further action. Evan Medeiros and Michael Hirson of The Eurasia Group wrote: China is likely to “retaliate immediately and proportionally” with the goal of inflicting “substantial but not overwhelming pain on U.S. firms” to persuade Trump not to take broader, more destabilizing steps. Among the likely targets are “iconic American consumer goods” and companies in agriculture, aviation, financial services, tourism and technology. Earlier this week Trump shared in an interview he believes Tim Cook has his ‘eyes open’ to U.S. assembled iPhones and would like to do ‘something major.’ Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Donald Trump View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 How to watch Trump’s inauguration live on iPhone, iPad, Mac or Apple TV Jordan Kahn - Jan. 20th 2017 7:45 am PT @JordanKahn Mac Apple TV iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today is the 2017 Presidential inauguration for President-elect Donald Trump and there are many ways to watch the events unfold live on your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Apple TV. On top of live official coverage on Twitter from PBS, there are also live video streams from the big TV broadcasters that are available in iOS and Apple TV apps as well as through Facebook and various websites if you’re watching on your Mac. There are even some 4K and 360-degree live streams available for all on YouTube. Telemundo will have Spanish coverage.  If you’re looking for how to live stream the Trump inauguration on your Apple device, head below for the full list of websites and apps offering live streams today.  Some of the iOS and Apple TV apps below might require a cable subscription to log-in, but others, such as CNN, are providing some coverage to all for the inauguration without the need to login. Head below for the full list of live streams available to watch on your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Apple TV.    iPhone, iPad & Mac Facebook Streams: ABC News, PBS, Telemundo Reuters Live Stream: Reuters TV iOS app & website CNN: CNN iPhone, iPad apps and CNN website Fox News: iOS app and website ABC News: iOS app and website CBS News: iOS app and website NBC News: iOS app and website PBS/Twitter: inauguration.twitter.com and @NewsHour Apple TV apps Fox News CNN CBS NBC ABC News YouTube Live Streams NBC News CBS News Telemundo C-SPAN Bloomberg Politics USA Today Washington Post Guides Mac View THe Guide Apple TV View THe Guide iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3 Security Update 2016-007 (Yosemite) and 2016-003 Supplemental (El Capitan) Fantastical 2.3.3 HoudahGeo 5.1.5     Related Articles tvOS 10.1 Unifies the Apple TV Experience with “TV” App (12 Dec 16)     Published in TidBITS 1353. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.3, iOS 10.2.1, tvOS 10.1.1, and watchOS 3.1.1 Ideas from CES 2017: 5G in Your Future 73 Mac Automation Stories from TidBITS Readers TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 23 January 2017 ExtraBITS for 23 January 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Entertainment | 19 Jan 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (0) Clearing up Confusion about Netflix and the TV App by Josh Centers AppleInsider caused a bit of a stir when it reported that the TV app for iOS and tvOS now supports playing Netflix content. As you may recall, Netflix hasn’t yet agreed to integrate with the TV app (see “tvOS 10.1 Unifies the Apple TV Experience with “TV” App,” 12 December 2016). However, the AppleInsider report is correct that you can indeed find and stream Netflix content from the TV app. But TechCrunch’s Matthew Panzarino correctly pointed out that such functionality has been there from the launch of the TV app. So what’s the deal? Netflix doesn’t work with TV, but it also does work? It’s a bit like the famous Schrödinger’s cat thought experiment, in which a cat in a box is simultaneously alive and dead. But unlike quantum mechanics, there’s a simple answer to this conundrum. From the launch of the fourth-generation Apple TV, tvOS search results have presented multiple ways to view content, assuming the content provider has integrated with Apple’s search engine. Netflix was an early partner in this, so if you searched for, say, “The Walking Dead,” the content listing would give options to watch the show in AMC, iTunes, or Netflix. That data has been available to Apple since tvOS’s launch, and it has grown as Apple has added additional partners. The TV app is primarily a new graphical front end for this data, but content providers have to sign on for the new functionality the TV app offers, such as: Movie and show recommendations Placement in the Up Next queue The app being featured inside the TV app That’s the stuff Netflix hasn’t agreed to. Why not is anyone’s guess, but I suspect it involves fears of watering down the Netflix brand. I’ve heard speculation that it’s due to data collection, but that doesn’t make much sense since the TV app opens content inside the content provider’s app, which could collect whatever data was desired. I think it’s more likely that Netflix doesn’t want to be just another player in an interface that blurs the lines between content providers. But if I search inside the TV app for the Netflix-only “Stranger Things,” it not only offers the show, but also lists episodes and lets me play them in Netflix in a single tap. That’s because TV is drawing upon that search functionality that’s been there from the beginning. Netflix is fine with you using Siri to find Netflix content but wants you to browse inside its own app. However, that search also now works in iOS. Why? Because when the TV app debuted in iOS 10.2, Apple integrated iOS’s Siri search data with tvOS’s Siri data. In iOS 10.1, if you asked Siri to show you James Bond movies, it would show a random assortment of movies. Perform the same Siri search in iOS 10.2, and it works just as it does in tvOS. This confusion illustrates just how tricky content deals can be. Since the Siri Remote’s Home button features the same icon as the TV app, it’s reasonable to assume that Apple planned the TV app to be the original front end for tvOS. But Apple probably hit a snag in negotiations and had to scrap those plans in order to launch. In the meantime, Apple used the Siri search functionality as a way to aggregate content until it could work out enough deals to make the TV app useful. When Apple had enough partners on board for the TV interface, the company decided to launch, even if Netflix wasn’t on board. In the meantime, “Take Control of Apple TV” should help you resolve any other conundrums you discover in the tvOS interface.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Clearing up Confusion about Netflix and the TV App To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Netflix doesn’t work with Apple’s TV app. Or does it? “Take Control of Apple TV” author Josh Centers explains this Schrödinger’s cat conundrum. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:18 P.M. ET Treasury yields notch largest daily gain in 6 weeks 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Personal Finance Weekend Sip Get email alerts A sip worthy of the White House By Charles Passy Published: Jan 20, 2017 4:14 p.m. ET Share Laird’s applejack has long been a presidential favorite Justin McCallum By CharlesPassy Reporter The bottles: Laird’s Blended Applejack, $22; other Laird’s products include Laird’s Jersey Lightning Unaged Apple Brandy ($28) and Laird’s 12 Year Old Rare Apple Brandy ($65) The back story: Here’s a question worth asking on inauguration day: What qualifies as a “presidential” sip? Certainly, residents of the White House have enjoyed all manner of beverages. Harry Truman was famously a bourbon drinker, so much so that he sometimes had a shot of the stuff in the morning. Barack Obama liked his beer. But if there’s something alcoholic that ties together the presidency, it’s applejack. Specifically, Laird’s applejack. After all, the New Jersey-based Laird family has been making applejack – essentially, an apple brandy – for nine generations. And over the years, their customers have indeed included many a president. George Washington was said to have enjoyed it. Abraham Lincoln was believed to have purchased it for a tavern he once ran. Lyndon Johnson even gifted a bottle to a top Soviet official. Weekend Sip: An Apple Brandy enjoyed by U.S. Presidents(3:38) Charles Passy pours Laird's Applejack, which was supplied to George Washington's troops by the Laird family in the 1700s, and turns up throughout U.S. presidential lore. Granted, applejack isn’t quite the dominant spirit it once was. It came of age in the early days of America when apples were plentiful and drinking water wasn’t always guaranteed to be safe to drink, so alcoholic beverages were an alternative of sorts (hard cider was popular for the same reason). But in the past decade, Laird’s has seen its sales start to pick up – in large part because applejack is becoming embraced by the hipster set, which loves their American craft spirits and their craft cocktails (applejack goes well in many mixed drinks). Indeed, Laird’s can’t make enough applejack – the company often runs out of its stock and is waiting on much of its brandy to reach proper age (typically, at least three years) so that it can be sold. In all, Laird’s goes through about 25,000 cases of its apple products a year – or about twice what it was selling three decades ago. Laird’s has also expanded its array of offerings. It recently introduced Jersey Lightning, an unaged apple brandy (think apple moonshine). But its biggest seller remains the Blended Applejack, a sip that combines aged applejack with a neutral spirit for a smooth profile. Talking money with Trump supporters and protesters(2:44) Just before Donald Trump's inauguration, MarketWatch talked to Trump supporters and women's marchers about money. Here's what they told us. What we think about them: We’ve always been fans of apple brandy in general and Laird’s products in particular. They’re a smart alternative to whiskey – a bit richer and more rounded in some respects. But they’re not like, say, an apple-flavored vodka – that is, the apple flavor is far more subtle. If anything, you taste a good brandy, but you then hear the echoes of apples falling from the tree, so to speak. How to enjoy them: Laird’s products can easily be appreciated on their own. The Blended Applejack, a milder-tasting apple sip, goes well with just an ice cube or two – like the refresher it is. The 12 Year Old, however, is a serious brandy that should be served neat in, well, a brandy snifter. But if you’re in a cocktail-minded mood, Laird’s will fill the bill, especially the Blended Applejack, which can be used as a substitute for whiskey in many a drink. Laird vice president Lisa Laird Dunn likes an Old Fashioned made with it. More from MarketWatch First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era If Trump Moves Press Pool, He Could Get a Real Pool Costco Sells the Most Coveted Golf Ball Related Topics Alcoholic Beverages Beer Wines Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 4.06% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.14% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.25% 5/1 ARM 3.31% 5/1 ARM refi 3.43% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.59% $50K HELOC 4.65% $75K HELOC 4.65% $100K HELOC 4.36% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.56% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.09% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.28% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.27% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.18% 48 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.39% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.61% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Charles Passy Charles Passy is a Wall Street Journal reporter and frequent MarketWatch contributor based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @CharlesPassy. MarketWatch Partner Center Charles Passy Charles Passy is a Wall Street Journal reporter and frequent MarketWatch contributor based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @CharlesPassy. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → Simply Mac Stores Closing, but it Isn’t Apple’s Fault Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 20th, 2017 9:54 AM EST | News GameStop is shutting down several of its Simply Mac stores across the U.S., and initial reports claimed it’s because Apple ended its Authorized Reseller agreement with the retailer. GameStop representatives say that’s not true and that the stores are closing because they don’t perform well enough. No, Apple didn’t pull Simply Mac’s Authorized Reseller status Simply Mac sells Apple products in areas where it doesn’t have its own retail stores. The locations also serve as authorized Apple repair centers. It’s easy to see why people assumed Apple was behind the store closures because that’s exactly what West Acres Mall told retailers. The mall’s statement said in part, Simply Mac opened at West Acres in August 2014 and we’ve enjoyed having them as part of the West Acres family. The closure is due to the Apple Corporation ending its national agreement with Simply Mac to sell them Apple product, making it impossible for them to continue. That’s a pretty clear statement, and it’s easy to spin into Apple severing Simply Mac’s reseller agreement for any number of reasons such as wanting to shut down any non-Apple buying experiences. Turns out, however, that’s not what happened. GameStop’s corporate communications manager told the Reporter-Telegraph the stores targeted for closing were underperforming, saying, As GameStop announced in its holiday sales release, the company continues to focus on the execution of our business transformation plan, which includes growing our non-gaming businesses and right-sizing our global store portfolio across all our retail brands. This involves evaluating and closing non-productive locations. The closure of this Simply Mac store is part of that strategy. Simply Mac echoed that statement on Twitter. @shel11223 Hi Shelton, we’re happy to say, no it’s not. — Simply Mac  (@simplymacstore) January 19, 2017 If Apple had ended Simply Mac’s Authorized Apple Reseller status, GameStop would’ve closed all of the stores because none of them could sell Apple products. With only a handful of stores closing, GameStop’s official statement seems more believable than the West Acres Mall’s. In the end, it probably doesn’t matter too much to the customers and employees at the closed locations why they shut down. The customers lost a local Mac reseller, and the employees lost their jobs. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, GameStop, reseller, Simply Mac Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9795 Jeff Gamet news 0 1484906060 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Apple updates GarageBand for iOS and Logic Pro X for macOS Apple updates GarageBand for iOS and Logic Pro X for macOS Apple has announced major updates to its music creation apps: GarageBand for iOS 2.2 and Logic Pro X 10.3. By: Tech Desk | Updated: January 20, 2017 8:30 pm Both Logic Pro X and GarageBand have received major updates. Apple has made its music editing apps more feature rich. Both Logic Pro X and GarageBand have received major updates. GarageBand for iOS 2.2 brings a synthesizer that has long been present in the Logic Pro X software, which includes 150 Apple-designed patches from a wide variety of genres, including EDM, Hip Hop, Indie, Rock and Pop. A redesigned browser also makes searching through instruments and patches easier than before. It also gets a redesigned Audio Recorder that adds sophisticated studio effects like pitch correction, distortion and delay. Logic Pro X 10.3 now supports the most novel feature on the MacBook Pro – the Touch Bar. The new feature takes the advantage of the OLED touchscreen, allowing the Touch Bar to give quick access to Smart Controls, plus it can be used for playing and recording instruments using a piano keyboard or drum pads. Also read: Govt to consider Apple’s proposal for making iPhones in India with an open mind The update also makes it possible for GarageBand and Logic Pro X – to work together better. Users can add tracks to their Logic projects on their iPhone, and integrate them on Mac. Projects can be shared between GarageBand and Logic via iCloud, meaning users can record and edit it. “Music has always been part of Apple’s DNA, and we are excited to deliver yet another fun and powerful update to our music creation apps, GarageBand for iOS and Logic Pro X. These updates bring a wide range of new and highly requested features to both hobbyists and the community of pro musicians and audio engineers who rely on our software and hardware to create amazing music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of application product marketing, in a press statement. The Logic Pro X update is available for free for all existing users and available on the Mac App Store for Rs 15,500 for all new customers. Meanwhile, the GarageBand for iOS is free for all existing users and with all new iOS devices on the App Store. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Budget 2017 BusinessNew structure and substance to define this Budget BusinessBring down borrowings: RBI Governor to Centre, states BusinessBudget date decided much in advance of poll schedule: Arun Jaitley Best of Express Nearly 69 pc funding of political parties from unknown sources, maximum to BJP, Congress: Report EntertainmentRaees movie review: A film where Shah Rukh Khan tries too hard EntertainmentKaabil movie review: Hrithik Roshan is out for revenge EntertainmentSRK spoilt me: Mahira confessed she cried as she couldn't promote Raees EntertainmentZeeshan Ayyub plays SRK's 'alter-ego' in Raees, reveals more about his character Must Read SportsGovernment mulling law to manage cricket: AG to SC SportsI definitely want to make a mark in T20 format: Pujara SportsSaha, Pujara guide Rest of India to Irani Cup victory TechnologyFlipkart Republic Day sale: Top deals on iPhone 7, Lenovo Vibe K5 Note, Moto Z Play and more TechnologyHonor 6X review: Dual-rear camera as USP, but is that enough? TechnologyLenovo K6 Power 4GB RAM variant to launch in India on January 31 LifestylePak actress Mahira Khan keeps it chic and classy for Raees promotions, a far cry from her traditional look in the film Jan 24: Latest News HDFC Bank posts lower profit growth of 15.1 per cent Bring back BCTT, remove retro tax: CMs’ panel to PM Mumbai University to evaluate answer books online from next exams  FRBM report: ‘Govt should keep primary deficit as its fiscal target’ Amid deadlock over tie-up, Shiv Sena finalises list of 227 candidates                            The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan +33°C day +21°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Amazon and Apple end exclusive deal on audio books 17:30 • 20.01.17 Tweet Apple and Amazon have ended a deal that tied them into an exclusive contract for the supply and sale of audio books, the BBC reports. The deal was signed before 2008 when Amazon bought audio book supplier Audible, which had the Apple iBooks contract. Pressure from anti-trust regulators in Germany and the European Commission led to the deal being abandoned. Competition in the audio book market should get a boost now the deal has ended, said regulators. The terms of the agreement meant Audible could not offer audio books to any other company and Apple had to take audio books only from Audible. The investigation into the Apple-Amazon arrangement over audio books was started by the German Federal Cartel Office in late 2015. It responded to complaints from German publishers who said the two tech giants were abusing their market dominance. In Germany, said the publishers, more than 90% of all downloads of audio books were done via the Apple iTunes store or through the Amazon and Audible websites. With the deal abandoned, Audible will now be able to supply firms other than Apple with audio books. In addition, Apple can now get audio books from other sources and sign up other publishers who can push their titles through its iTunes and iBooks outlets. In a statement, competition regulators at the European Commission said they "welcomed" the ending of the exclusivity contract. "This step is likely to improve competition in downloadable audio book distribution in Europe," said the statement. The German Federal Cartel office said it had closed its investigation as a result of Apple and Amazon terminating the exclusive contract.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 20:01 • 24/01 Israel approves plans for 2,500 new settlement homes in West Bank 19:34 • 24/01 Airbus warns over Brexit free movement 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 18:17 • 24/01 Armenia welcomes Russian capital in forming favorable investment environment – Karen Karapetyan 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert 16:12 • 24/01 Puppies raise rescuers' hopes in Italy 16:11 • 24/01 Armenia’s Ombudsman informed CE Commissioner for Human Rights of Azerbaijani attacks 15:58 • 24/01 Armenia to host joint Armenian-Russian Economic Intergovernmental Council session 15:13 • 24/01 Yerevan-Tehran-Ashgabat cooperation: Armenia should pursue more active policy - expert 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 14:33 • 24/01 UK loses Brexit vote appeal 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 14:19 • 24/01 Genes determine how young people use internet and social media 13:59 • 24/01 Azerbaijani FM starts trip to Moscow 13:55 • 24/01 Syria conflict: Astana peace talks seek to reinforce truce 13:40 • 24/01 Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child 13:27 • 24/01 Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 13:16 • 24/01 Armenian-Japanese cooperation discussed in Yerevan 13:08 • 24/01 Richard Mills not leaving office as US Ambassador to Armenia – statement 12:39 • 24/01 Armenia’s ex-premier to announce his secession from ruling party 12:26 • 24/01 US judge approves VW dealers $1.2 billion settlement 12:13 • 24/01 Turkey will not hand over al-Bab to Syrian government forces: deputy PM 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 11:27 • 24/01 US sends $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 11:11 • 24/01 Star Wars reveals Episode VIII 11:02 • 24/01 US judge backs VW dealers $1.2 billion settlement 10:51 • 24/01 Samsung blames battery faults for Galaxy Note 7 fires 10:43 • 24/01 Kuwaiti TV host sets guest on fire live on air 10:36 • 24/01 Dongfeng-41 to bring China more respect 10:20 • 24/01 Populism won't solve world's problems, says Germany’s Merkel   09:41 • 24/01 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:23 • 24/01 Armenian member to PACE speaks of Hrant Dink, Garo Paylan at Assembly session   09:06 • 24/01 Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic 08:57 • 24/01 Azerbaijan should put up with inevitability of Karabakh recognition – Armenian deputy FM 08:33 • 24/01 US Senate confirms Mike Pompeo to be Trump's CIA director 08:16 • 24/01 Russia says it carried out joint strikes with US-led coalition in Syria, US denies reports 19:57 • 23/01 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill meets with Canadian-Armenians 19:25 • 23/01 Main political forces to maintain seats in parliament after April election - pollster 18:33 • 23/01 Stunning 'hotel room' in the Swiss Alps has no walls 18:21 • 23/01 Trump plans flurry of deals for first full week in office 18:00 • 23/01 PACE re-elects Armenian vice speaker 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 17:25 • 23/01 Australia Open: Nadal qualifies for quarter finals 17:00 • 23/01 Armenia’s Ombudsman meets with ECHR president 16:45 • 23/01 Miss Universe candidates meet Philippines’ Duterte 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 16:14 • 23/01 Passions run high at PACE over corruption charges against Luca Volontè – Armenian MP 16:03 • 23/01 We have competitive advantages to be elected to parliament – New Renaissance leader 15:33 • 23/01 Ghost gator! Meet Pearl, amazing albino alligator with bright white skin and pink eyes  14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 13:32 • 23/01 If Trump nixes nuclear deal, 'we are prepared,' says Iran’s atomic chief   13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 12:21 • 23/01 Gladys Berejiklian is premier of New South Wales, replacing Mike Baird 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 10:51 • 23/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasеfire violations, Armenian serviceman killed 10:27 • 23/01 Russia views Iskander systems as guarantee of regional balance – Konstantin Zatulin 09:43 • 23/01 iPhone maker Foxconn signals $7bn US investment 09:15 • 23/01 Armenia’s society hopes for better life as elections approach 08:49 • 23/01 Syria conflict: Peace talks due to begin in Astana, Kazakhstan 08:36 • 23/01 Samsung Electronics says battery defects caused Note 7 fires 15:56 • 22/01 Armenia’s ruling party determined to prevent vote buying - MP 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 13:58 • 22/01 Turkish President Erdoğan says Foreign Ministry working for meeting with Trump 13:22 • 22/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 12:58 • 22/01 China sets up $14.6 billion internet investment fund 12:23 • 22/01 Many people behind Armenian army construction forgotten – Azat Arshakyan 12:00 • 22/01 Australian Open 2017: Andy Murray suffers shock defeat by Mischa Zverev 11:39 • 22/01 7.9 quake shakes Papua New Guinea, tsunami alert rescinded 11:10 • 22/01 Trump inauguration: President attacks 'dishonest' media over crowd photos 10:45 • 22/01 India Andhra Pradesh train crash leaves 32 dead and scores injured 10:30 • 22/01 Pope Francis warns against rise in populism 18:20 • 21/01 Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream 18:11 • 21/01 Armenian premier, Italian envoy discuss Gyumri development plan   17:43 • 21/01 Yandex hails opening of software school in Armenia’s Vanadzor 17:03 • 21/01 Nintendo signals end for Wii U 16:45 • 21/01 Melania Trump helped design her Hervé Pierre inauguration gown 16:32 • 21/01 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business 15:55 • 21/01 ANCA seeks President Trump’s support to Armenian issues (video) 15:25 • 21/01 Fitch Affirms Armenia at 'B+'; Outlook Stable 15:08 • 21/01 Azerbaijan pursues political motives in prosecuting blogger – Armenian lawyer 14:13 • 21/01 Turkey parliament backs presidential government clause in new constitution bill 14:00 • 21/01 New political bloc vows to ‘change atmosphere’ in Armenia 13:33 • 21/01 Armenia-Uzbekistan soccer match in Turkey canceled due to security reasons 13:17 • 21/01 Putin ready to meet Trump 12:53 • 21/01 New Armenian political bloc opens session in Yerevan 12:37 • 21/01  Azerbaijan keeps Karabakh frontline under fire 12:21 • 21/01 Trump takes first steps as president after inauguration 12:13 • 21/01 The Italian conductor who moved to Armenia after falling in love – Financial Times 19:57 • 20/01 China-US trade tensions high on Big Oil's worry list 19:28 • 20/01 We must apologize to Dink, says Turkish-Armenia lawmaker 18:58 • 20/01 Transparent voting possible without video surveillance – CEC president 18:12 • 20/01 The very strange foods that will make you take a second look 17:30 • 20/01 Amazon and Apple end exclusive deal on audio books 17:19 • 20/01 Armenian parliament deputy speaker hosts Kazakh ambassador 17:04 • 20/01 Samsung probe blames battery size for Galaxy Note 7 fires 16:47 • 20/01 Belarus’ decision to hand blogger over to Azerbaijan attempt to restrict visits to Nagorno-Karabakh  16:23 • 20/01 CIA releases 1998 forecasts and warnings over Nagorno-Karabakh 16:07 • 20/01 Armenia could be world’s first country with elementary engineering education – expert 15:23 • 20/01 Witnesses to Armenian pogroms in Baku still alive - Marina Grigoryan Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 08:57 • 24/01 Azerbaijan should put up with inevitability of Karabakh recognition – Armenian deputy FM 13:40 • 24/01 Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child 13:59 • 24/01 Azerbaijani FM starts trip to Moscow 15:58 • 24/01 Armenia to host joint Armenian-Russian Economic Intergovernmental Council session 13:08 • 24/01 Richard Mills not leaving office as US Ambassador to Armenia – statement 12:39 • 24/01 Armenia’s ex-premier to announce his secession from ruling party 16:11 • 24/01 Armenia’s Ombudsman informed CE Commissioner for Human Rights of Azerbaijani attacks 12:13 • 24/01 Turkey will not hand over al-Bab to Syrian government forces: deputy PM 15:13 • 24/01 Yerevan-Tehran-Ashgabat cooperation: Armenia should pursue more active policy - expert 11:27 • 24/01 US sends $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 09:23 • 24/01 Armenian member to PACE speaks of Hrant Dink, Garo Paylan at Assembly session   09:41 • 24/01 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 18:17 • 24/01 Armenia welcomes Russian capital in forming favorable investment environment – Karen Karapetyan 10:36 • 24/01 Dongfeng-41 to bring China more respect 10:43 • 24/01 Kuwaiti TV host sets guest on fire live on air 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 08:57 • 24/01 Azerbaijan should put up with inevitability of Karabakh recognition – Armenian deputy FM 13:40 • 24/01 Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child 13:59 • 24/01 Azerbaijani FM starts trip to Moscow 15:58 • 24/01 Armenia to host joint Armenian-Russian Economic Intergovernmental Council session 13:08 • 24/01 Richard Mills not leaving office as US Ambassador to Armenia – statement 12:39 • 24/01 Armenia’s ex-premier to announce his secession from ruling party 16:11 • 24/01 Armenia’s Ombudsman informed CE Commissioner for Human Rights of Azerbaijani attacks 12:13 • 24/01 Turkey will not hand over al-Bab to Syrian government forces: deputy PM 15:13 • 24/01 Yerevan-Tehran-Ashgabat cooperation: Armenia should pursue more active policy - expert 11:27 • 24/01 US sends $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 09:23 • 24/01 Armenian member to PACE speaks of Hrant Dink, Garo Paylan at Assembly session   09:41 • 24/01 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 18:17 • 24/01 Armenia welcomes Russian capital in forming favorable investment environment – Karen Karapetyan 10:36 • 24/01 Dongfeng-41 to bring China more respect 10:43 • 24/01 Kuwaiti TV host sets guest on fire live on air 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 10:51 • 23/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasеfire violations, Armenian serviceman killed 18:00 • 23/01 PACE re-elects Armenian vice speaker 19:57 • 23/01 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill meets with Canadian-Armenians 13:32 • 23/01 If Trump nixes nuclear deal, 'we are prepared,' says Iran’s atomic chief   10:27 • 23/01 Russia views Iskander systems as guarantee of regional balance – Konstantin Zatulin 12:21 • 23/01 Gladys Berejiklian is premier of New South Wales, replacing Mike Baird 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 18:33 • 23/01 Stunning 'hotel room' in the Swiss Alps has no walls 19:25 • 23/01 Main political forces to maintain seats in parliament after April election - pollster 17:25 • 23/01 Australia Open: Nadal qualifies for quarter finals 18:21 • 23/01 Trump plans flurry of deals for first full week in office 16:14 • 23/01 Passions run high at PACE over corruption charges against Luca Volontè – Armenian MP 16:03 • 23/01 We have competitive advantages to be elected to parliament – New Renaissance leader 15:33 • 23/01 Ghost gator! Meet Pearl, amazing albino alligator with bright white skin and pink eyes  09:43 • 23/01 iPhone maker Foxconn signals $7bn US investment 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 16:47 • 20/01 Belarus’ decision to hand blogger over to Azerbaijan attempt to restrict visits to Nagorno-Karabakh  18:11 • 21/01 Armenian premier, Italian envoy discuss Gyumri development plan   16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 16:23 • 20/01 CIA releases 1998 forecasts and warnings over Nagorno-Karabakh 17:07 • 18/01 Azerbaijani fire kills Armenian soldier 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 12:23 • 22/01 Many people behind Armenian army construction forgotten – Azat Arshakyan 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 12:53 • 21/01 New Armenian political bloc opens session in Yerevan 18:11 • 18/01 CIA releases 13m pages of declassified documents online 17:50 • 19/01 Turkey abandons defense, goes on attack: President Erdoğan 14:57 • 19/01 Repatriated Armenians on successful businesses in homeland 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 16:07 • 18/01 Hagia Sophia Mosque to be restored in Turkey’s Trabzon 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 14:13 • 19/01 Armenia moves to lift visas with UAE 14:00 • 21/01 New political bloc vows to ‘change atmosphere’ in Armenia 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 12:13 • 21/01 The Italian conductor who moved to Armenia after falling in love – Financial Times Armenia Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan "That is by refusing to recognize Artsakh and showing aggression against it, Azerbaijan is actually bringing closer the detonation of the bomb planted under its own state..." Armenia welcomes Russian capital in forming favorable investment environment – Karen Karapetyan “A number of reforms are underway in Armenia to form a favorable investment environment and we’ll welcome Russian capital. In this context, we have brought new proposals that will enable us to..." Armenia’s Ombudsman informed CE Commissioner for Human Rights of Azerbaijani attacks Armenia to host joint Armenian-Russian Economic Intergovernmental Council session Yerevan-Tehran-Ashgabat cooperation: Armenia should pursue more active policy - expert Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski Armenian-Japanese cooperation discussed in Yerevan Region Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele “I gave Penny Adkins and her friends a tour of the bays of Bodrum and Pamukkale over two weeks. She introduced herself to me as ... Azerbaijani FM starts trip to Moscow As part of the visit, Mammadyarov is scheduled to meet with his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov to discuss the settlement of the ... Turkey will not hand over al-Bab to Syrian government forces: deputy PM NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration Turkish President Erdoğan says Foreign Ministry working for meeting with Trump Turkey parliament backs presidential government clause in new constitution bill World Israel approves plans for 2,500 new settlement homes in West Bank Last month, he criticised Mr Obama for declining to veto a UN Security Council resolution which demanded Israel immediately cease all settlement activities and warned... Puppies raise rescuers' hopes in Italy The number of confirmed deaths has risen to seven, with 22 people still missing, but there are hopes people may have survived ... UK loses Brexit vote appeal US sends $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours Russia says it carried out joint strikes with US-led coalition in Syria, US denies reports Trump plans flurry of deals for first full week in office If Trump nixes nuclear deal, 'we are prepared,' says Iran’s atomic chief   Business Airbus warns over Brexit free movement Airbus and its main rival, US aircraft giant Boeing, have been in dispute over subsidies for production and development... US judge approves VW dealers $1.2 billion settlement U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer said the 650 U.S. dealers would be paid over 18 months, ruling the settlement "fair, reasonable, and adequate..." US judge backs VW dealers $1.2 billion settlement iPhone maker Foxconn signals $7bn US investment Yandex hails opening of software school in Armenia’s Vanadzor China-US trade tensions high on Big Oil's worry list Amazon and Apple end exclusive deal on audio books Science/tech Genes determine how young people use internet and social media The researchers at King’s College London said the study, published in the journal PLoS One, challenges a common belief that people ... Samsung blames battery faults for Galaxy Note 7 fires At a press conference on Monday, Samsung officials said exhaustive tests on tens of thousands of devices and batteries had ruled out any problems with the device’s ... Samsung Electronics says battery defects caused Note 7 fires China sets up $14.6 billion internet investment fund Nintendo signals end for Wii U Samsung probe blames battery size for Galaxy Note 7 fires Armenia could be world’s first country with elementary engineering education – expert Culture Star Wars reveals Episode VIII THE LAST JEDI is written and directed by Rian Johnson and produced by Kathleen Kennedy and Ram Bergman and executive produced by ... Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream "In this way, the mantra 'HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US' acts as a show of resistance or insistence, opposition or optimism, guided by the spirit of each individual ... Celine Dion to perform original song for Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Sir Paul McCartney sues Sony over Beatles songs Paul McCartney sues Sony for the rights to Beatles songs he wrote with John Lennon Emma Watson turned down 'Cinderella' role before taking on 'Beauty and the Beast' Ratings ‘all-time low’ for Sherlock finale Armsport.am Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic The 18-year-old Pulisic, who in September became the youngest player to score for the US, has extended his contract with Dortmund through ... Australia Open: Nadal qualifies for quarter finals Former champion Nadal had not reached the last eight in a major since the 2015 French Open, so he celebrated wildly after closing out the two-hour ... Australian Open 2017: Andy Murray suffers shock defeat by Mischa Zverev Armenia-Uzbekistan soccer match in Turkey canceled due to security reasons Man Utd add Monaco hitman to summer wishlist Mourinho continues £80million Antoine Griezmann chase Man Utd confident of Antoine Griezmann signing, Diego Costa and Chelsea make peace Ex-Man Utd manager retires Lifestyle Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child "They’re thrilled and Lars is adorable. Their family is all around them and Mel is over the moon. They’re home and ... Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 The dress, which was worn by the 46-year-old in a 14-page story in Vogue magazine, took 550 hours to embroider and was worth double ... Kuwaiti TV host sets guest on fire live on air Stunning 'hotel room' in the Swiss Alps has no walls Ghost gator! Meet Pearl, amazing albino alligator with bright white skin and pink eyes  Melania Trump helped design her Hervé Pierre inauguration gown The very strange foods that will make you take a second look Event Syria conflict: Astana peace talks seek to reinforce truce "There are pledges from the Russian side to reinforce the ceasefire in areas where there are continued violations, but we're waiting for more than just statements... Dongfeng-41 to bring China more respect It was revealed that the pictures were taken in Heilongjiang Province. Military analysts believe that this is perhaps the second Dongfeng-41 strategic missile ... US Senate confirms Mike Pompeo to be Trump's CIA director Miss Universe candidates meet Philippines’ Duterte Gladys Berejiklian is premier of New South Wales, replacing Mike Baird 7.9 quake shakes Papua New Guinea, tsunami alert rescinded India Andhra Pradesh train crash leaves 32 dead and scores injured Press digest 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business “Russia has always sold weapons to the conflicting sides in an attempt to rule out advantages and simultaneously drop hints ... Hraparak: Some Armenian ministers may be dismissed after elections The sources close to the ruling circles do not rule out dismissal of some ministers, including ones appointed by the premier himself... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenians travelling to UAE not to need visas Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government’s expectation great for Russian investments Zhamanak: Armenia’s defense minister most favored candidate for future PM   Haykakan Zhamanak: Ex police chief aspires for emergency minister’s post Zhamanak: US Embassy, EU delegation not to fund Armenian parties ahead of election Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
TechWhack Review Best Sites Here Top Free Music download Apps For Android January 24, 2017 By Harsh 91 Comments Top Free Music download Apps For Android 3.67/5 27 votes Welcome to all of you with a thirst for great music and quality music apps for your phone. If you feel that the apps on your phone are not delivering the music that you need, it’s time to get some new apps for free music download. At present, there are more music apps out there than any one phone can hold. With literally thousands of apps to sift through, where does one start? Thankfully, here at TechWhack we have done all the winnowing of the heaps of apps for you. With the featured apps on this post, you can avoid the long and complicated processes on your search, as well as the expenses for an average music download app. In this post today, I have done a little bit more than just lay out for you the best apps for free music downloads. I have included a review of each and every app. Feel free to browse through this cornucopia of information on free music apps, which will serve you up some great music within minutes without you having to dip into your bank. By sticking with these apps, your long attempts of searching for great music apps will become a thing of the past. Furthermore, I have included a top 10 table of my own personal apps for free music downloads for you to explore. Finally, beyond the review of each of the top 10 apps, I have also included a list and short review of many other good apps for free music download. So, enough of introductions and let’s get started … The Best Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Download: Top 10 Table APP NAME OVERALL RATING (On Google Play) Music Downloader APP ICON 4Shared 4.3 / 5 Spotify Music 4.5 / 5 Google Play Music 3.9 / 5 YouTube Music 4.4 / 5 Napster 3.9 / 5 RockMyRun 4.3 / 5 Gaana 4.2 / 5 SoundCloud 4.4 / 5 Saavn Music & Radio 4.2 / 5 MP3 Music Downloader 4 / 5 An Analysis and Review of Each Individual Top 10 App 4Shared Claiming the illustrious no.1 spot on the list is the 4Shared app. At the moment, according to Google Play online, this app has been downloaded over 4.5 million times. It goes without saying that this is an impressive number. Furthermore, with so many downloads and such a high rating, it is safe to say that this app is nothing short of great. To explain, 4Shared is basically a huge database in which everything, all files, are shared by its users. It may not be specifically designed for free music, but it certainly has large amounts of free music for you to download. Along with millions of music files, you can also share and download video files, images, and whatever other media which the app supports. Ultimately, 4Shared has thousands of media files in its grasp, a lot of which are great, free music files. 4shared is one of the best free music download apps for android. 4shared provides a nice user experience. I love this app and would recommend to all. Moreover, it is completely ads free music download app for android. 4 SHARED 4shared is a very fast app. Rated 4.3 stars. Got 5 million downloads worldwide making it one of the best free music download apps for android. Keep on updating and last updated on June 14, 2016. Moreover, It’s size varies with the device because it has a full optimized theme. In conclusion, It is good for free mp3 music download. Also read: Watch free movies online Spotify Music Perhaps the most popular music-related programme in the world, Spotify has its own app form. Everyone has at least heard of Spotify, and millions of people across the globe use it as their go-to software for free music. The best part is, although it is technically a radio-streaming programme, you have complete control over what you want to listen to, unlike actual radio. spotify I personally use Spotify myself, and the reason is due to not just its huge wealth of great music, but because it is also legal and it contributes somewhat financially to the actual music artists. All things considered, this popular radio-streaming giant offers an incredible amount of free music. There are intermittent ads, but this doesn’t detract from Spotify’s quality and wealth of free, great music. Google Play Music This app, designed by Google, is essentially a free radio service. With Google Play Music you are given unrestricted (and legal) access to a whole bunch of free, great music. One of the best things about this app is that you can search for music depending on a certain mood. You can furthermore browse by genre or artist. Ultimately, the app is an easily straight-forward service which delivers some great music. It currently has around 2.5 million downloads recorded by the Google Play website, and a great overall rating of 3.9 out of 5. With this quality free app, you have nothing to lose but free great music by trying it out. So, guys since it was developed by google, it is one of the best free music apps for android. It has the latest technology. It completely ads free app. You can download this app from play store. It is a free music download apps for android which is fully bugfree, causes 0 no error. Works with google cloud hosting technology mean you can download music very fast. PLAY MUSIC It is one of the best free music apps for android. It has been downloaded billions of times. Access youtube red with it but for its all features you need to take a paid plan. Has been rated 4.0 stars. Last updated on 8 June, 2016. You can even use its podcast feature. It seems like it has compatible with all the versions. YouTube Music We all know YouTube. This app, however, is a tiny bit different to the great website. With this app, you get “A YouTube built just for music”. Basically, this form of YouTube cuts out the non-music videos, leaving you with only the music. There are ads just like the actual website, but it’s worth the short ads to use this great app. With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. YouTube Music With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Napster There was once a time when Napster was king of free music downloads. Although those days are gone, Napster has made a bit of a comeback. You can now download the Napster app for your phone and receive its free, great music, just like it once provided. Unlike most music-related apps and players, Napster has no irritating ads. Furthermore, you can listen to your music offline. Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Napster Music Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Rock My Run Are you perhaps interested in fitness? Does your week consist of regular workouts? If so, Rock My Run has been specifically designed for you. This app is manufactured for those who love to listen to music during workouts. Some of the best features about this app is that you can create some unique playlists. For example, you can make playlists which are moulded around a certain tempo or mood. If you wanted to create a fast playlist for running, for example, or an inspiring playlist for hill climbing, Rock My Run is the app for you. All in all, this app will certainly motivate you in the gym or in the great outdoors. ROckmyrun is an amazing free music app for fitness training app. You can hear your favourite music while running, jogging or exercising. You can hear some popular DJ’s with perfect beats for training. It will increase your confidence and enthusiasm and will motivate you to keep going. You just need to choose your favourite genre and then it will stream body driven music. I would really prefer his app as I am personally a sportsperson. ROCK MY RUN Has been rated 4.3 stars which is amazing. Got 1 million+ downloads. Size is quite big. Finally, it’s size is 32 MB. It seems like it requires android version 4.0 or up. Furthermore, it even consumes fewer data. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music apps for android. Gaana This app is one of the most popular music apps for Hindi, Bollywood, Punjabi and other similar types of music. Most popular in India, Gaana also offers free streaming service for popular songs in English, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Kannada, and Malayalam. You can also browse through the charts and select your favourite tracks to listen to or place in your own personalised playlist. There are heaps of playlists on offer, ranging from collections of sad ballads to weekend party hits. Gaana: Music & Radio Ultimately, Gaana brings the best of India to your mobile phone, whilst also delivering some popular hits from the likes of David Guetta, Bruno Mars, and more. There are a recorded 10 million music tracks to choose from, as well as thousands of playlists. At present, Gaana has been downloaded more than 800,000 times according to Google Play. SoundCloud SoundCloud is a unique music programme used by millions of people and musicians for self-production. In other words, with SoundCloud, musicians everywhere are using this free platform to upload their music. Musicians everywhere are joining this free programme, and listeners everywhere likewise are tuning in to hear what common everyday people are producing. Once a music file is uploaded to SoundCloud, people from all over the world can tune in and listen to it for free. With SoundCloud, you can be either a listener or a giver of music, or both. Soundcloud is great music downloader free app. A lot of features. The enormous database of mp3 songs. Download your favourite music tracks or songs quickly from this app. Connect and share with your friend. Entirely ads free. Finally, you can download this Android app from the below link. It is an editor’s choice music downloader free app for Android. Furthermore, it has been downloaded billions of times. SOUND cloud Since it has been rated four stars, it is an amazing free mp3 download app for android. It seems like it requires Android 4.0 or up. It was last updated in June 2016. Furthermore, this free mp3 music downloader app was developed in Germany by SoundCloud. Finally, it is a fantastic music downloader free app for Android. I personally have many friends who record and upload their own music onto SoundCloud. The benefits of using SoundCloud is the fact that you can listen to undiscovered talent which the radio cannot deliver. You can listen to friends or upcoming breakthrough artists, before the music companies slap a copyright on the tracks. Of course, you won’t find top 50 artists through SoundCloud. This is why it doesn’t rank as highly on my list. Nonetheless, there is great music out there besides the popstars on the radio. Why not give it a try and perhaps you will find a local musician whose music you could love. Saavn Music & Radio Another Hindi-related app for free music downloads, Saavn is in contention for the best app for Bollywood music. Personally, I believe Gaana is a bit better, but Saavn nonetheless shouldn’t be ignored. Saavn gives pretty much everything that Gaana does, but there are some differences between the two apps. For example, with Saavn, you can also enjoy podcasts and audio programmes. By following your favourite artists, you will be notified when/if there are any updates. Saavn Music & Radio In addition, with Saavn you can listen to your favourite songs offline. Playlists are also in your control to create and then modify. Like Gaana, you still get the array of different music, from English to Bollywood, Hindi to Tamil. Saavn Music & Radio is proving to be quite popular, with around 750,000 downloads recorded on the Google Play site. MP3 Music Download An app as simple and effective as its title suggests, MP3 Music Downloader may not be as popular as the rest of these apps for free music downloads, but it certainly contends well. With this app, you have unlimited access to a bunch of music files, as well as unlimited music downloads. It’s all very simple with this app. Just search for the song, artist or genre you have in mind, let the app work its magic, and then begin your download. Mp3 Music Download You can alternatively just stream the track if you prefer. Ultimately, this app is one of the most basic music-related apps out there on the market. It has been downloaded only 8,356 times at present, but around 50% of users have rated the app a full 5 stars out of 5. Other Great Free Music Download Apps That Almost Made the Cut Shazam I wrestled with myself for quite some time on where to put Shazam on this list. This app fully deserves a top 10 place, and 2 million people on Google Play would probably agree with that. At the present moment, Shazam has been downloaded almost 3 million times. Of these downloaders, around two-thirds of them have given Shazam the full 5 out of 5 rating. Another half a million have given the app a 4 star rating. Shazam has an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Besides these highly impressive statistics, what does Shazam have to say about itself? Apparently, top singers and celebrities like Adele and Demi Lovato are using the app for their own free music downloads. Some of the top features include: access to lyrics, identify music offline, add songs onto Spotify playlists from Shazam, and more. Shazam also uses amazing visual recognition scanning. This means if you see an album cover or poster, for example, which you want to know more about, use Shazam to scan it and the app will collect information about the music artist in question. There are many other little features which make Shazam a great free app to have. I highly recommend giving it a try, despite the fact that it has just slipped outside the top 10. Apple Music From the mega power of Apple Music comes this useful app. There are approximately 30 million Apple tracks available to listen to through this app. However, I must declare early that this app is not completely free. On the other hand, if you subscribe you can use it for free for 3 months. The fact that Apple Music is not free has dropped it out of my personal top 10 apps for free music downloads. If it weren’t for this hick-up, however, Apple Music would have a fair shot at one of the highest positions on the top 10. There are thousands of playlists to go along with the huge library of 30 million Apple songs. You can create your own library of your favourite songs. Apple Music also offers regular recommendations depending on what you listen to. There are also radio stations and other audio programmes to delve within. Basically, if you don’t want to spend a penny, you can only have this app for a limited time. The Apple Music app currently holds an overall rating of 3.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Vevo In recent years, the Vevo corporation have placed their stamp on many of the biggest, most viewed music videos. Vevo is the result of the partnership between two of the giants of music distrubution: Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group. From this we now have Vevo, the now-popular music video hosting service. So, what can their app do for you? This app as you may have already figured is focused solely on music videos. Due to the fact that this app deals with videos only, and not specifically free music download, it has thus crept out of the top 10 spot. With Vevo, you can watch your favourite music videos in HD and create playlists of the videos you like most. You can also favourite artists, and when a new music video is released by your favourited artist you will be notified. However, Vevo is only available in a select number of countries. The Vevo app is available in the following countries: Canada, USA, Brazil, Australia, Italy, Ireland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, UK, Spain, Mexico, Poland, and New Zealand. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.2 out of 5 on Google Play. TuneIn Radio One of the most popular radio apps, TuneIn Radio offers an impressive 10,000 different radio stations for free. As a radio station app, it has thus fallen out of my top 10 apps for free music downloads. In addition to all this great music, you can also tune into the news, sports and weather broadcasts, as well as other radio programmes. With TuneIn Radio you can keep track of college basketball, the NFL, NBA, and the NHL. All of the radio is delivered live from the very sources. Therefore, you won’t be in complete control over what music artist or song you want to listen to. Nonetheless, you can choose a specific radio station out the thousands of quality stations on offer. Basically, TuneIn Radio sources thousands of top quality radio stations into one single app. There is an abundance of stations to choose from. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Tidal This app combines high quality definition, high definition music videos, as well as valued information from music journalists. There are huge amounts of music on offer with Tidal. The app claims to offer over 40 million tracks, as well as more than 130,000 high definition music videos. As for the contributing journalists, you can try out the carefully selected playlists chosen by these musical experts. You can also read the well-crafted articles, recommendations and interviews provided by these music journalists. In addition to all this, there are no ads nor any ‘fuzzy images’. There is also an offline mode, which allows you to listen to your albums and playlists when you are out and about. The Tidal app currently holds an overall rating of 3.6 out of 5 on Google Play based on 38,653 votes. Heart Radio Again another radio app, Heart radio is a popular radio station situated in the UK. The app is plain and simple. This app is the official app of Heart Radio and thus brings the station to your device. With the app, you can also see what songs are playing next, re-listen to songs from the past week, view the top trending videos, get celebrity news, and more. Of course, this app isn’t exactly an app for free music downloads, hence why I haven’t included it in my top 10. It is, however, a good radio station nonetheless. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play. Qello Concerts This app is quite unique. With Qello Converts, you can stream classic concerts and documentaries. This app is essentially a treasure chest full of old great live concerts which you can replay at any time. Some of the things which this app also provides are: One of more free tracks from each concert, more than 30 channels of continuous concert moments, and special free full-length shows. It may not be an app for free music downloads, but is is however an app for free music concert downloads. In addition, there are a whole bunch of award-winning music documentaries to feast your eyes and ears on. Qello Concerts currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play based on 23,233 user votes. Pandora Radio Unlike most radio apps, Pandora gives you complete control over what you want to listen to. With Pandora music, you can create individual stations or playlists for your favourite artists. Most Pandora apps allow you to store up to 100 different artist playlists. Once you have an artist playlist, you will be given anything by that artist on demand. Like I said, Pandora lets you create your own unique radio channels. Personally, I am a huge fan of Pandora, and it almost made its way into my top 10 favourite apps for free music downloads. You can upgrade to Pandora Plus, which will cut the ads, allow replays and skips, and offline playing. The Pandora Radio app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on an impressive number of 2,651,882 user votes. I highly recommend this app, despite the fact I haven’t included it in my top 10. SongFlip The SongFlip app claims to offer its users the ability to stream millions of free songs online. I am unsure if there is actually millions on offer from SongFlip, but it does nonetheless offer a lot. The SongFlip app is one of the most basic apps for free music downloads. Simply search for your song or artist and begin streaming for free. There is a high chance that SongFlip has the exact song or artist that you have in mind. After all, it does claim to have millions of tracks to give. The SongFlip app currently holds an overall rating of 4.5 out of 5 on Google Play. Radio Player by Audials This app, yet another radio app, offers over 80,000 different radio stations across the USA. Simply search for an artist, a genre, song or album, and Audials will do its best to retrieve a station best suited to your search. In addition, you can record songs playing on any radio. In other words, if you hear a song which you happen to like but you don’t know the name of, you can choose to record the song right there and then. You can also connect your device to another computer belonging to you, thus allowing you to sync the selected music onto your home PC or laptop. The Radio Player by Audials app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on 19,49 user votes. Radio Online – PCRADIO You’ve probably assumed by now that there are thousands of radio-related music apps. That assertion would be correct. However, Radio Online – PCRADIO is one of the best free radio apps out there, and the following is why. This app offers hundreds of free radio stations, which is not as many as the thousands offered by the above Radio Player by Audials, or, TuneIn Radio, for example. Nonetheless, Radio Online PCRADIO does have its own perks. With this app, you can use it even if you do have the lowest of internet speeds. Also, all the radio channels are categorised by artist and genre, making your searches easy. Furthermore, Radio Online PCRADIO also offers full discographies on several artists. The Radio Online PCRADIO app currently holds an overall rating of 4.7 out of 5 on Google Play based on 645,547 user votes. Other Great Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Downloads, and Apps Similar To Music Streaming The following apps are other apps for free music downloads. In addition there are some apps which are not quite designed to download free music. Some play music like many of the aforementioned apps and some are more unique in what they offer. SoundHound Picture yourself listening to a song, you don’t know who it’s by, and you have no way of finding out the artist. Well, these days we have SoundHound to do that for us. SoundHound can recognise voice clips, which will then generate heaps of results. You can save all your searches and import your findings into your Spotify account. The app comes with an embedded YouTube player so you can watch the music video of the found song (if there is one). You can also view the lyrics to the found song, or, if you wish, SoundHound will direct you to where you can purchase the track. There is also an abundance of information on numerous music artists to browse through. All this sounds great, but there is one snag. One version of SoundHound on the Google Play website is unfortunately not free ($3.99). On the other hand, there is another SoundHound app which is practically the exact same which is free. At the moment, I am trying to differentiate between the two apps and figure out if there is any difference. However, I can’t see any major differences, or a single difference at all. In short, search for the free version of SoundHound. This app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website based on 623,731 user votes. Deezer – Songs & Music Player Deezer does everything that a good music app should do. One of the best features used on this app is called ‘Flow’.. Flow will suggest music based on your listening habits. You can also play unlimited playlists, tune into the radio and catch up on the news or sports, create your own playlists, and generally listen to some of the world’s leading musical icons. The Deezer app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. blinkbox Music A very basic app, blinkbox Music is an app specifically for android users. The app itself offers the essentials, such as unlimited streaming and a ton of free and popular hits. You can tune into top 40 playlists and other great additions. The blinkbox Music app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. YOUZEEK Free Music Streaming A great app which shouldn’t be ignored, YOUZEEK is offered in 16 different languages, and it has in store around 1 million music artists and 1,500 different genres to choose from. You can create and edit your own individual homepage, share playlists with friends and use the privacy settings. YOUZEEK is available in over 200 countries. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4 out of 5 stars on the Google Play website. Stingray Music This app is available for free if it is part of or related to a TV subscription which you have signed with. Stingray has around 2000 individualised music channels to select from. In total, there are around 100 different genres to browse through, and you can customise your very own channel. Stingray offers the basics of any other great free music streaming app. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website. Torch Music With Torch music, you can experience all the pleasantries of listening to your favourite music without the interruption of ads. Think of Torch Music as an app similar to Spotify without the ads. You can also connect your Torch Music account with Facebook and share what you’re listening to with your friends online. The Torch music app currently holds and overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the google Play website. SuperCloud Song MP3 Downloader Super cloud is another great music downloader for android. Great platform to download mp3 songs or music for free. Good for music streaming online on the app. It is one of the best free music download apps for android. Needs improvement and bug fixes. supercloud Low space as it is of the only 1.57MB. Rated 4.5 stars. Got 250k downloads, it is an amazing and one of the best free music apps for android. Android version 2.2 and above and is being updated. Finally, it is a great app for free mp3 music download app for android. Anghami ( free mp3 music download) Anghami is best for free mp3 music download. It has two versions. Paid version is preferable as you can have unlimited downloads. Furthermore, it will let you access to offline streaming of songs. Even it is free of ads. Has a nice user interface. Has attractive and visually good theme. Anghami It is a very fast app. Anghami has a large collection of movies. Furthermore, it keeps on updating. I Moreover, it has got 5 million downloads. seems like it has a device optimized theme. Rated 4.3 stars making it a nice app for free mp3 music download. Finally, it is a great music downloader free. Wynk Music Wynk music is very famous music downloader free app. It is one of the best free music download apps for android. Got an attractive look. I personally use this app for free mp3 music download. Wynk music has around 2.5 million Bollywood songs. Furthermore, you can even stream songs online. WYNK Paid as well as free version. Moreover, It seems like even free version is good. Wynk has got 5 billions of download. Furthermore, it has been rated 4.1 stars. It’s size is 8 MB. It was last updated in May, 2016. Moreover, it requires an android version of 2.3 or above. Tunee music Tunee is one of the best music download apps for android. It’s basically for downloading music on phone rather than streaming. Pretty good features. Decent small app. Tunee Small sized music downloader free app. Size is of 768kb. Got many downloads. Rated 4.5 stars. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music download apps for android Soundcore Soundcore is a music downloader free app and yet another one of the best free music download apps for android. It has a great visual platform. It has a large collection of songs. Soundcore really has a nice theme and provides a great user experience. They are working hard and keep on updating their apps. soundcore It has a small size. Its size is 2.7 MB. This app has no extra features. But it can be used for online song streaming. Moreover, It is greatly used for free mp3 music download. Soundcore has got many downloads. But it has not become so popular yet. Music downloader free on the android phone. Furthermore, it has been given 4.7 stars. New Free Music Releases for Download New Singer Manu Chao or I should say a very old singer returns after a big period of time. There are 3 new songs of him with and he announced a new project as well. Please download these songs from his official website. NO SOLO EN CHINA HAY FUTURO WORDS OF TRUTH TI.PO.TA – MOONLIGHT AVENUE   New Music named “Anymore” is released by goldfrapp today. The official music video includes John Congleton in Dallas &  Haxan Cloak in London. Tim Heidecker new song – “getting punched in face”. With funny and rhyming lyrics it will make you laugh a little bit. The Music is written about richard spencer. I especially love this line- ” If You see richard spencer, Why Don’t you punch him in the head”. Richard is a white nationalist who was punched while he was speaking. Conclusion That concludes the heaps of great apps for free music downloads. We have given you a big list of free music download app for android. You just need a smartphone with android. You can even download some of the apps on your ios device. If you want to discover even more apps for free music, simply visit either Google Play or the Apple app store and search for ‘free music’ there. You will find dozens of great free apps for you to choose from. Happy searching and best of luck choosing the right apps! Thanks for reading this article. Have a Good Day!! More from my site Top 10 Best Android Launcher Apps 7 Best Free Movie Apps For Android Watch TV series online – a review of popular streaming sites. Tutorial To Root Android Without Computer [JailBreak Android] 5 Best Battery Saver App For Android With Tutorials Best Android Music Player Apps To Download Free Music +1 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble Filed Under: Best Sites, Blog, Review Comments toko says June 26, 2016 at 11:05 PM An interesting discussion is worth comment. To the next! All the best!! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:14 AM Thank you for your good wishes Reply lords mobile says June 27, 2016 at 4:17 PM Нello! I could have sworn I’ve recognized tһis website earlier but after browsing through many of the artіcles I realized іt’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m certainly happy I came across it and I’ll be boоk-marking it and checking back regularly! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:52 PM Thanks for appreciation Reply perlengkapan bayi says June 29, 2016 at 12:07 AM Good info. Lucky me I found your site by chance (stumbleupon). I’ve book-marked it for later! Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 3:43 AM Thanks for appreciation Reply Adidas says June 29, 2016 at 6:25 AM Tremendous things here. I’m very satisfied to see your post. Thank you so much and I’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail? Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 7:14 AM Thanks for appreciation. Use contact form available in the menu Reply john says July 9, 2016 at 7:24 AM I am actually grateful to the holder of this web site who has shared this great piece of writing at at this place. Reply Harsh says July 9, 2016 at 1:22 PM Thanks bro Reply Maxim says December 3, 2016 at 8:07 AM One more app on Google Play to check out – MP3 Hunter: All the music is free and released under Creative Commons license. You can search and download around 1 million free songs of any genre possible. Rather minimalistic UI but with all the functionality needed – search, play, download, share. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search The Site LEGAL DISCLOSURE Home Best Sites Review Tips & Tricks Contact Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 Recent Posts 30+ Free Movies Websites To Watch Free Movies Online Without Downloading Top Free Music download Apps For Android 123movies.is: Watch Movies Online Free Screen Sharing Sites – 11 Top Solutions To Make Screen Sharing Simple The Best Icon Maker- A Range Of Quality Tools For Developers. Top Best Torrent Sites To Download Torrents [2017] 8 Best Sites To Watch Anime Online Or English Dubbed Anime Online 18 Free Movie Download Sites For Free Movie Downloads [2017 UPDATE] 20 Top Free Mp3 Download Sites [UPDATE] Watch One Punch Man Online Subbed free movies online dubbed anime free music download All rights are reserved. All the content and images belong to their respective owner. We have all the rights to modify & edit any comment which is found to be spammy or abusive. Pages About Contact Legal Disclosure Main articles PRIVACY POLICY SiteMap- User Friendly sitemap For Visitors Recommended Watch Free Movies Online Free Movie Downloads watch series Online best torrent sites dubbed anime music downloader free Copyright © 2016 TechWhack.com +1 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble
CoachCal.com Articles Features News From Cal Press Row Meet the Wildcats Videos Featured Videos CalTube Coach Cal Mailbag This is Kentucky Basketball Photos Game Galleries Miscellaneous Pics #WeAreUK Roster Schedule Stats Behind Kentucky Basketball Podcast Facilities Tradition About Cal Cal’s Bio Coaching Staff Kenny Payne Tony Barbee Joel Justus John Robic NBA Players Coached Players First The Dribble Drive Motion Offense Overheard Cal’s Books Cal’s VIdeos Camps Overnight Camps Father/Son Camps UK DrillZ and SkillZ Camp feat. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist John Calipari Shooting Camp feat. Devin Booker John Calipari UK Pro Camp Rookie of the Year Camp with Karl-Anthony Towns John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience Women’s Clinic Coaches’ Clinic 0 0 0 Next Game Tennessee Volunteers - January 24, 2017 - 9:00 PM EST - Thompson-Boling Arena, Knoxville, Tenn. - ESPN Home / Blogs / Press Row / UK Sports Network launches free Apple TV app UK Sports Network launches free Apple TV app By Metz Camfield on January 20, 2017 Tweet From UK Athletics: LEXINGTON, Ky. – With the launch of the free UK Sports Network Apple TV app, Kentucky fans will now be able to access on-demand video content about the Wildcats in an unprecedented way. The groundbreaking app will feature high-definition on-demand video content from the UK Sports Network and Kentucky Wildcats TV. Content immediately available includes game highlights, press conferences, hype videos, special features, and archived live-stream events from all 22 sports. The app is the first individual university athletics app offering 100 percent free content on Apple TV. It was developed in conjunction with SportsLabs, a leading sports technology and media company and UK Athletics’ official digital partner. The UK Sports Network is powered by JMI Sports, the official multi-media rights partner of UK Athletics. Fans can purchase an Apple TV by visiting their local Apple Store, through an authorized Apple retailer or online at www.apple.com/tv/. Apple TV users can access the free app by opening the App Store on your Apple TV to browse. Search for UK Sports Network and select the app. Then select Get for the app to be added to your Apple TV. About JMI Sports JMI Sports is a full-service collegiate marketing firm providing the highest quality management of athletics multimedia rights and breaking new ground in the creation of Total Campus Marketing programs, maximizing the economic potential of universities. Clients include University of Kentucky, Arizona State University, University of Pennsylvania and the Ivy League. JMI Sports is also a highly regarded project manager for the development of collegiate and professional sports facilities. JMI Sports was founded in 2006 by CEO Erik Judson, and technology entrepreneur John Moores, former owner of the San Diego Padres. About SportsLabs SportsLabs (www.sportslabs.com) is a leading sports technology provider. At the core of the SportsLabs’ technology is its proprietary Advanced Media Platform (AMP), which streams more audio/video content to more platforms than any other college sports provider. AMP for Sports can ingest any content across sports, social and media and delivers it directly to fans on any digital device or platform in the market including responsive web sites, mobile and tablet applications and connected TV applications. SportsLabs is a Silver Chalice company, the high-growth venture arm of the Chicago White Sox. Related ItemsApple TVJMI SportsKentucky Wildcats TVSportsLabsUK Sports Network ← Previous Story Don’t forget to bring your hardhats Next Story → Big Blue Slam 2017 You may also like... Humphries, Gabriel preview Kentucky-Tennessee Coach Payne’s pre-Tennessee media opportunity Wildcat players recap win over South Carolina SOCIAL MEDIA & MORE Latest Articles Academy Sports + Outdoors Keys to Victory: Tennessee NCAA to give early look at tournament bracket Single-game tickets for final men’s basketball games on sale Wednesday Kentucky wants more aggression from Adebayo Gabriel’s emergence traced to unceasing effort Humphries, Gabriel preview Kentucky-Tennessee Coach Payne’s pre-Tennessee media opportunity Kentucky up to No. 4 in new rankings Fox, Monk on midseason watch lists for USBWA awards This is Kentucky Basketball (Jan. 22) Subscribe Now SIGNUP SUCCESSFUL! ERROR - TRY AGAIN LATER! Articles Features News From Cal Press Row Meet the Wildcats Videos Featured Videos CalTube Coach Cal Mailbag This is Kentucky Basketball Photos Game Galleries Miscellaneous Pics #WeAreUK Roster Schedule Stats Behind Kentucky Basketball Podcast Facilities Tradition About Cal Cal’s Bio Coaching Staff Kenny Payne Tony Barbee Joel Justus John Robic NBA Players Coached Players First The Dribble Drive Motion Offense Overheard Cal’s Books Cal’s VIdeos Camps Overnight Camps Father/Son Camps UK DrillZ and SkillZ Camp feat. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist John Calipari Shooting Camp feat. Devin Booker John Calipari UK Pro Camp Rookie of the Year Camp with Karl-Anthony Towns John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience Women’s Clinic Coaches’ Clinic
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The world's largest asset manager is loading up on Apple Kif Leswing Jan. 20, 2017, 9:30 AM 7,448 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.AP BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, has boosted its stake in Apple to 322 million shares, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The firm now holds 6.1% of Apple's outstanding shares. That's up from the 5.7% stake it held in the iPhone giant in January 2016. BlackRock's Apple holdings are worth about $38.4 billion at the current stock price of $119. Apple isn't the only big-name tech stock that BlackRock has a significant stake in. It owns over 5% of each of Facebook, HP, and Microsoft as well. But Apple is a particular favorite of the BlackRock COO Sue Wagner, who joined Apple's board of directors in 2014. Apple stock reached a 14-month high earlier this week. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Apple climbs to its best level in over a year More: Apple BlackRock SEC Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The world's largest asset manager is loading up on Apple The world's largest asset manager is loading up on Apple BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
