CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 2017 MacBook Pro might finally have 32 GB of RAM JC Torres - Jan 16, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit MacBook Pro owners might have something to really look forward to this year if Ming-Chi Kuo is on the mark. The renowned analyst from KGI is predicting that this year’s generation of MacBook Pros will finally break through the 16 GB RAM limit. While 32 GB on a “professional” computer might seem normal these days, that has actually become a sore topic with the late 2016 models as Apple refused to go any further, sacrificing power for the sake of longer battery life and portability. It is sadly both a matter of physics as well as marketing and there was no compromise to be made based on last year’s technology. MacBook Pro users, particularly those that use the computer for video editing, wanted more than 16 GB RAM to use. Apple, however, was limited by both technology and its product goals. On the one hand, Apple wanted to be able to boast about how its MacBook Pros remained petite and light, relatively speaking, while still maintaining long hours of battery life, which some are contesting anyway. More RAM would have sucked the life out of the MacBook Pros, not to mention stealing some precious space from the battery. This is mostly due to the limitations of current technology, as Intel’s notebook chipsets didn’t support anything more than 16 GB LPDDR3. While LPDDR4 does exist, it isn’t supported yet. The market, however, might force Apple’s hands this year given the large outcry for 32 GB RAM MacBook Pros. If Intel doesn’t catch up with support, Apple will be forced to use the desktop-class DDR4 memory type. While more powerful, it is also more energy-hungry and will inevitably incur penalties in other places. Along with a 32 GB RAM model, Kuo believes that Apple will also update the ultra-thin 12-inch MacBook RAM from 8 GB to 16 GB. While 8 GB was still on par with ultraportables back when it launched in 2015, it will become a liability and maybe even a butt of jokes if a 2nd gen this year launches with still that little RAM. VIA: Apple Insider Tags AppleComputingmacbook proRAM Must Read Bits & Bytes As chip sales save 2016, Samsung looks to Note 8 for 2017 profit Tesla’s Elon Musk promises 12-18 month hardware upgrades Galaxy Note 7 big reveal: the battery is really to blame Lavabit, the encrypted email once used by Snowden, returns to operation Nintendo Switch will give mobile gaming a much needed boost Latest Headlines Resident Evil 7 DLCs bring new game modes starting January 31 Jan 24, 2017 Overwatch’s Year of the Rooster event begins, see what’s new Jan 24, 2017 BMW and Nissan team to boost DC Fast charging stations across U.S. Jan 24, 2017 Netflix download to microSD card activated: try this Jan 24, 2017 NES Classic Edition returns to GameStop this week Jan 24, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD Controller Review (Gen 2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Foxconn Billionaire Assuages China About U.S. Investment Plans Bloomberg News January 16, 2017, 7:20 PM EST January 17, 2017, 1:33 AM EST Terry Gou said to offer assurances he won’t pull out of China Apple-assembler’s plans preliminary and haven’t been finalized Foxconn Said to Ease China's Worries Over U.S. Plans China’s government has conveyed its concern over Foxconn Technology Group billionaire Terry Gou’s plan to expand the Apple Inc. assembler’s operations in the U.S. after President-elect Donald Trump takes office, people familiar with the matter said. A high-ranking Chinese official recently expressed Beijing’s concerns directly to Gou, the people said, asking not to be identified because the conversation was private. In response, the Taiwanese billionaire told the senior bureaucrat he won’t withdraw capital from China. The U.S. investment plan hasn’t been finalized and is dependent on the policies of the incoming administration, Gou said, according to the people. China is pivotal to Foxconn’s massive electronics assembly operation, which cranks out more iPhones and iPads than any other in the world. One of China’s largest employers, Foxconn has said it’s in preliminary discussions to broaden its investment in the U.S., without elaborating. Trump has often articulated his vision of bringing manufacturing jobs back to America from China, which became the world’s factory floor thanks to cheap labor and central policy support. And he’s singled out Apple in the past. A potential strategic shift by Foxconn unnerves Chinese authorities because the company employs roughly a million workers across the country. Major factory job cuts have been known to trigger protests in the past, even as maintaining social stability remains among the top priorities of the ruling Communist Party. “Gou wants officials to know that he still sees China as a market of greatest importance,” said James Yan, Beijing-based research director for Counterpoint. “Foxconn very much relies on China for both assembly and consumer businesses and its suppliers are also in Asian countries. That is not going to change at least in the next five years.” Foxconn announced the potential expansion hours after a pledge from SoftBank Group Corp.’s Masayoshi Son to invest $50 billion in the U.S. and create 50,000 jobs. A document Son held up for reporters after a December meeting with the President-elect included the words “Foxconn” and “$7 billion” alongside SoftBank’s numbers. Shares of the Japanese company dropped as much as 2.5 percent in Tokyo on Tuesday. Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Foxconn’s main listed arm, rose 0.6 percent. It remains unclear how SoftBank and Foxconn may be working together, or what sort of promises may have been made to Trump. Gou told the Chinese official he was invited to the former reality TV star’s Jan. 20 inauguration but didn’t plan on attending, according to the people familiar with the matter. Read more about how Foxconn and SoftBank figure in Trump’s America. The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council and the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits, the two mainland Chinese organizations that handle relations with Taipei, didn’t answer calls seeking comment. Foxconn didn’t respond to e-mailed requests for comment and calls to company spokesmen went unanswered. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Foxconn now operates factories in Chinese cities including Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, Taiyuan and Wuhan. But rising wages and persistent worker shortages are prompting electronics manufacturers look elsewhere: Lenovo Group Ltd. and OPPO are among those that have set up facilities in Southeast Asia, for instance. Foxconn itself has been increasing its use of robots to reduce its reliance on migrant labor, and studying plans to increase its footprint in India. Any shift back to the U.S. may involve Apple, which now accounts for about half of Hon Hai’s revenue. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook, however, told 60 Minutes in 2015 that the U.S. simply lacks enough skilled workers in advanced manufacturing. Then there’s cost. The components of an entry-level iPhone 7, which sells for $649, cost $224.80, according to research firm IHS Inc. Assembling those parts into a finished product, mostly in China, costs about $10 now, Jason Dedrick, a professor at Syracuse University, has estimated. Doing that work in the U.S. would add $30 to $40, he reckons. Foxconn’s rivals however are reportedly open to the possibility. Pegatron Corp., another major assembler of Apple products, can expand its U.S. capacity three- to five-fold if necessary, a Taiwanese financial outlet cited Chairman Tung Tzu-Hsien as saying on Sunday. “Foxconn may expand its research and development as well as some high-precision manufacturing to the U.S.,” Yan said. “But the main part of the assembly business will stay in China.” — With assistance by Yuan Gao, and Steven Yang Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Pins Keystone, Dakota Pipeline Fate on Renegotiation Trump Revamps U.S. Trade Focus by Pulling Out of Pacific Deal How Trump Would Rework Nafta—and What Mexico, Canada Want in Return Trump Advancing Keystone, Dakota Oil Pipelines Today, Source Says This 36-Year-Old May Be Helping Run America Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Consumer January 16, 2017 7:46 pm Updated: January 16, 2017 9:05 pm Edmonton illustrator’s Booster Juice stickers featured by Apple: ‘it’s huge’ By Emily Mertz Web Producer  Global News WATCH ABOVE: A pair of Edmonton-based companies beat out thousands of competitors to have their product featured by tech giant Apple. Emily Mertz has more on the success of their smartphone stickers. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Two Edmonton-based companies are basking in the wake of being featured by Apple in its “Stickers We Love” section. As of Monday, Booster Juice stickers had received nearly 1.9 million impressions. “There’s no way to buy that type of attention,” Raoul Bhatt, the software developer who designed the stickers, said. “Apple is so big that… when they pick you, that means something. Story continues below “Just to have that as a local Edmonton artist… and for a local company, it’s just so phenomenal. We’re getting worldwide exposure.” Stickers are like emojis taken to the next level: customized, colourful and some even have motion. Companies use them to increase their brand recognition. READ MORE: New pilot program aims to help aspiring Edmonton entrepreneurs  The Booster Juice stickers were approved by Apple on Jan. 5. “One of our colleagues or one of our customers sent a screen shot,” Bhatt said. “They were like, ‘Oh my god, you guys are featured.’ It was just chaos in the marketing team… They contacted me and my company and we were all losing our minds because this doesn’t happen.” While the company decided to give the stickers away as free downloads, Bhatt believes they will help boost profits. “It’s just awareness. When that brand is in people’s hands – in their chats – in turn, that translates to: they’ll buy a smoothie – if not today, tomorrow or the day after.” Dale Wishewan, the CEO of Booster Juice, said he couldn’t put a price on the amount of publicity this has given the business. “The exposure is phenomenal. Over 1.8 million impressions already. We think it’s just great from a brand perspective because you have the bricks and mortar stores and people come in and they enjoy the product and this is another great opportunity for people to engage with the company.” READ MORE: Shovelling app puts snow removal at Edmontonians’ fingertips  Wishewan opened the first Booster Juice shop in Sherwood Park, Alta. in November 1999. Then, in that first year, he added 15 more stores. Now, there are more than 300 locations around the world, including all across Canada. Despite the previous success, Wishewan was blown away by the reaction to the Apple stickers. “It’s such a huge thing – thinking that there are millions of companies that are out there getting stickers and apps and Apple chooses us. I think it’s a credit to how great the artistic design Raoul did is.” Both business owners hope this latest milestone inspires other local entrepreneurs. READ MORE: Edmonton app matches home improvement projects with contractors  “I think the biggest thing for Edmonton-based companies is to be able to see that here in the whole international world, two Edmonton-based companies who have something were able to be featured.” © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc Report an error Apple Apple stickers Bhatt Booster Juice Dale Wishewan Edmonton business Edmonton company Raoul Bhatt Software Developer stickers we love Editor's Picks Commentary Time for Canada to hit Trump with the strategic schmooze reserve Politics Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size Commentary The new era of 'alternative facts' World Trump’s inaugural address set apart from Obama, Bush by protectionist theme, dark imagery Canada Kevin O'Leary: 'If I don't deliver a majority mandate in 2019, fire me' Commentary Trump sets NATO on edge, but he's got a valid point to make Canada How this proposed US tax change could seriously hurt the Canadian economy FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Donald Trump says 3 to 5 million illegal ballots cast in U.S. election: reports 75927 2017 Oscar nominations: Full list of 89th Academy Awards nominees 48789 Piers Morgan, Ewan McGregor feud gets nastier after new op-ed column 46651 B.C. foreign buyers tax really did yank down Vancouver home prices: BMO 29405 Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size 20708 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Rings’ movie prank scares the pants off shoppers WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ takes golden opportunity to mock Trump defending against ‘pee-pee party’ allegations WATCH NOW Douglas Garland triple murder trial wraps up first week with footwear/footprint expert testimony WATCH NOW Shirtless Vladimir Putin visits Donald Trump for Christmas on ‘SNL’ WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ mocks Trump’s compulsive Twitter habit WATCH NOW Popular Now Donald Trump says 3 to 5 million illegal ballots cast in U.S. election: reports 75927 2017 Oscar nominations: Full list of 89th Academy Awards nominees 48789 Piers Morgan, Ewan McGregor feud gets nastier after new op-ed column 46651 B.C. foreign buyers tax really did yank down Vancouver home prices: BMO 29405 Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size 20708 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Rings’ movie prank scares the pants off shoppers WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ takes golden opportunity to mock Trump defending against ‘pee-pee party’ allegations WATCH NOW Douglas Garland triple murder trial wraps up first week with footwear/footprint expert testimony WATCH NOW Shirtless Vladimir Putin visits Donald Trump for Christmas on ‘SNL’ WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ mocks Trump’s compulsive Twitter habit WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.3 Will Update Your iPhone's File System to APFS watchOS 3.2 to Bring New Theater Mode, SiriKit, WatchKit Enhancements Pixelmator for iOS On Sale for $0.99 [80% Off] iPhone X Concept Based on Recent iPhone Rumors [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.3 Beta to Developers With Find My AirPods Feature [Download] Developers Will Soon Be Able to Respond to Customer App Store Reviews Next Generation iPhone to Come With 'Enhanced Siri' [Report] FireCore Releases Infuse 5.2 Bringing Support for DVD Formats, NFS Streaming, Search, More Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Beta to Developers With Night Shift [Download] Apple Releases iOS 10.2.1 [Download] WhatsApp Now Lets You Queue Up Messages for Sending When Offline Apple Releases tvOS 10.2 Beta to Developers With Accelerated Scrolling Support [Download] Samsung Explains Why the Galaxy Note 7 Kept Exploding Google Announces Major Update to Google Voice for iOS, Android, and the Web Apple Releases iTunes 12.5.5 [Download] Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.3 [Download] Apple Releases watchOS 3.1.3 [Download] Leaked Photo of Samsung Galaxy S8 Reveals Smaller Bezels, No Physical Home Button? Apple Releases tvOS 10.1.1 for Apple TV [Download] Samsung Won't Unveil the Galaxy S8 at Mobile World Congress This Year Apple to Update 15-inch MacBook Pro With 32GB of Desktop RAM? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 17, 2017 at 12:09am by iClarified · 9095 views · Translate Apple is expected to update its new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Kaby Lake architecture and 32GB of desktop RAM later this year, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. In a research note obtained by AppleInsider, Kuo predicts that Apple will start manufacturing an updated 15-inch MacBook Pro in the fourth quarter of 2017. The new MacBook will allegedly adopt desktop RAM due to restrictions of current memory system designs. As we noted earlier, Intel's H-Series processors do not support LPDDR4. Kuo also predicts an update for the 12-inch MacBook that will enter mass production in the second quarter of 2017. It's believed that the notebook will retain the same design but get 16GB of RAM and a new processor. New 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models with upgraded processors are expected to enter mass production in the third quarter of 2017. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (5) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - January 21, 2017 at 12:25pm This is really a nice post. Zapya apk 44r Reply · Like · Mark as Spam The Benjamins - January 17, 2017 at 2:44pm Starting at $18000 hahahaha Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Adam Slawson - January 17, 2017 at 1:59pm This would make them sell a ton of MacBook Pro! User switchable ram of 32GB. Maybe will take upto 128GB of ram once it's available on the market! Ready to go beast mode. I'll take 2 15" MBP's stat! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam dezigns333 - January 17, 2017 at 4:29am If they didn't load it up with the most expensive RAM it'd be just a piece of Intel crap that you can buy anywhere and put any dumb OS you want on it. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Curtixman - January 17, 2017 at 2:34am Hahahahaha Apple is getting a little predictable no? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum Super Bowl TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Apple Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 12 2017, 9:30 am ET Peter Thiel Agrees: Apple Has Gone Stale by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Has Apple gone stale? Tech rogue Peter Thiel thinks so, telling the New York Times this week that he believes "the age of Apple is over." "We know what a smartphone looks like and does," said the Facebook board member, PayPal co-founder, chess prodigy, and Trump transition team member. "It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation." Loyal fans agree, citing lackluster "improvements," a lack of innovation, and a year that saw sales fall for the first time since 2001. As Apple celebrates the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, the company appears to have gone into "maintenance mode" while everyone waits for its next big thing to emerge — if ever. Ronan Timoney, a 23-year-old economics and finance student in Ireland, has had Apple laptops since 2010, iPhones since 2011 and an iPad since 2012. As a young, avid Apple user, he's exactly the kind of customer the company should be wooing for their long-term success. But his most recent smartphone purchase was an Android. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Apple's iPhone 7 announcement: Will the headphone jack change pay off? 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760365123587" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For him, Apple has lost its luster. "Their products have become fashion accessories rather than high-powered gadgets, and prices now outstrip quality," said Timoney. He "will not be buying any Apple products for the foreseeable future," he said. 2016 was a particularly rotten year for Apple. Annual sales fell for the first time since it launched the iPod in 2001, going from a record $234 billion in 2015 to $216 billion. Its new lineup of MacBook Pros this year failed to impress. The best thing about the iPhone 7 is its camera. It also forced users to invest in $159 wireless AirPods, which had a delayed launch, or use an awkward dongle to use their old headphones. Not very "Appley." Core Products for 2017 And what's in store for 2017? Reportedly three new faster iPad models in different sizes as the company tries to fend off other touch-screen phones and computers, but iPad units have declined in 10 of the last 11 quarters. Instead of "thinking different" the company is "thinking slightly better." To be sure, "Apple is a great American success story," but, "a lot of that innovation came from the Steve Jobs era," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners known for his bearish views on the company. CEO Tim Cook is an efficient caretaker but doesn't necessarily have the late Steve Jobs' "founder's fire" that can propel a company past the threshold of what was thought to be possible, said Gillis. "Amazon, Google, Tesla, Netflix, Facebook, what do they have in common? They're all still driven by their founders. They're still able to make big bets and change directions. Is Apple positioned for the next thing?" asked Gillis. Related: Apple's Poor Performance Takes a Bite out of Tim Cook's Salary That's the big question as longtime users and investors wait to see where the company's $2 billion annual increase in research and development has been going and on what acronym it might it plant a flag next. AR? IOT? VR? AI? "What you're seeing is a point where Apple is making a slower transition away from being a company that historically came out with whizzbang products every couple of years to a company that makes great products we all need," said Gene Munster, the co-founder of Loup Ventures, who previously covered Apple as a Piper Jaffray analyst for over a decade and remains bullish. "As they shift resources, you get what happened in 2016: Not that exciting of a product year." Who's Driving Innovation? He thinks the next big things for Apple will be whatever it decides to do in the car space, artificial intelligence, and, according to the kind of Apple rumors that used to capture fanboys' and pundits' imaginations, a foldable phone with bendable glass. But it won't be Apple making the device, countered Gillis. "They're not driving the innovation... Samsung will be the ones who make it." Even hardcore Apple users say they've noticed a change. Apple is becoming more like Microsoft, a former wunderkind that became large, profitable, boring, and angered pro users. Is Microsoft the New Apple? As a Mac user, I.T. manager Dan Fox is used to standing out at his PC-filled office at an Orlando-based engineering firm. "Apple made these gorgeous, sleek, shiny devices that looked like they were from the future," he told NBC News. "They were cooler than anything else on the market and, more importantly, they actually worked better," said the 45-year-old Fox. His family members are all Apple fans too, and their house is full of MacBooks, Apple Watches, iPads, iPhones, Apple TVs, and he even sprang for the AirPods. As of late though, the "cutting edge" upgrades to the Surface and Office 365 have him considering that Microsoft might be becoming the new Apple, with well-built and innovative products, he says, that show an attention to details. He still loves Apple, but says he feels "Improvements are iterative, and it's almost as though Apple is now relying on its brand more than its tech. It feels like they are stalling on innovation to squeeze one more model out with a tiny upgrade. Rinse. Repeat. Things are starting to feel… stale." Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Apple First Published Jan 11 2017, 9:51 am ET Next Story Happy 10th Birthday, iPhone! What's Next? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
null
Wednesday 25 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 01:35 / GMT - 22:05 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Mon Jan 16, 2017 10:47 Everything We Think We Know about Samsung Galaxy S8 Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Samsung's next flagship phone, the Galaxy S8, will be arriving very soon. The pressure is on for the Korean electronics giant to deliver a flagship phone that not only improves on the specs of last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, but also kicks the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' butt. Adding more features has always been Samsung's approach with new flagships, but as the company is no doubt aware after the Galaxy Note7 literally burned out, everyone will be watching closely to see what new safety measures it includes on the S8. What exactly can we expect from the S8? Here's what we're hearing from the rumor mill. 4K upgrade? Samsung's gone with Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) displays for a while now and has yet to launch a phone with a 4K screen. While rumors suggest the Galaxy S8 will finally make the leap to a larger (5.7-inch) and higher resolution 4K Super AMOLED display (3,840 x 2,160) — if only because the increased resolution and pixel density will make mobile VR look crisper — it's by no means a lock-in. Another possibility is Samsung will release two S8 phones, a "regular" model and an "Edge" model with Quad HD and 4K resolutions, respectively. Conversely, another report claims Samsung might ditch flat displays altogether and only launch the S8 with curved edges. (Not a terrible idea since the whole dual curved screen look has become a signature Samsung aesthetic.) It also wouldn't be a stretch if the S8's screen is HDR-ready, like the Note7 was. No home button Speaking of the display, Samsung is reportedly planning to embed the fingerprint sensor underneath it as opposed to putting it inside the home button. By doing this, Samsung will be able to either increase the screen size and keep the S8's phone dimensions the same (or roughly the same) as the S7, or shrink the device's dimensions (specifically, the height, for better pocketing and one-handed use). A recent Samsung Display TV ad showed off a mock-up for a phone with no home button. It's unlikely Samsung leaked the S8 and was just showing a reference design, but even if the phone shown in the ad isn't the S8, it at least shows Samsung is thinking of getting rid of the home button. These renders from case makers also seem to support the curved screen and no home button design. More performance If history is any indication, Samsung might release the S8 with two different processors — one powered by its own Exynos chip and another by a Qualcomm Snapdragon chip. Last we heard, Samsung might go with an Exynos 8895 chip and a Mali-G71 graphics chip that is said to provide up to 1.8x more graphics performance than the S7.  The other model is expected to come with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 processor, which will — surprise, surprise — be produced by Samsung using its 10-nanonmeter process for greater power efficiency. With the 835 chip, the S8 would gain a 27 percent boost in performance over the S7. As for how much RAM, we're hearing some sources say 6GB of RAM and others claim 8GB. Either way, it'll be more than the S7's 4GB. Goodbye headphone jack? Apple caused quite a ruckus when it removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7/7 Plus. And this year, Android phone makers appear to be ready to join the #noheadphonejack club. There are conflicting reports saying Samsung will and won't ditch the headphone jack. If the S8 has a headphone jack, Samsung will be able to rub it in Apple's face. But if it doesn't — then it's time to accept it and go wireless. 'Bixby' AI assistant The iPhone has Siri, Microsoft's Windows 10 Mobile phones have Cortana and Google's Pixel phones have the Assistant. Now Samsung is said to be launching its own AI digital assistant. Rumor has it that the S8 will come with its own assistant, possibly called "Bixby" and powered by Viv, the artificial intelligence assistant Samsung acquired in October. Interestingly, the creators of Viv are the same people who created Siri before selling it to Apple.  Assuming Samsung doesn't dumb Viv down, it could stomp all over Siri. Weatherproof Samsung's been waterproofing its phones for years. With the S7 and S7 Edge, the company stepped up its Ingress Protection rating to IP68, meaning the phones can be submerged in up to 4.9 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. Additionally, the IP68 rating means they're dust, dirt and sand resistant without needing any caps or covers. With that level of protection, it seems unlikely Samsung would take a step back with the S8 and nix the weatherproofing. According to The Investor, the S8 will sport the same IP68 rating, making it just as weatherproof as its predecessor. One or two cameras? So far, we've heard almost nothing about what kind of improvements will be made to the S8's cameras.  The logical thing would be for the company to copy Apple's iPhone 7 Plus dual-camera setup. After all, any phone that uses Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 835 chip will be able to support dual cameras without any complex wizardry. The closest clue to Samsung pursuing dual cameras for the S8 is a patent Samsung filed previously. But like all patents, it may never end up in any real product. Release date Traditionally, Samsung has used the annual Mobile World Congress as the stage to announce its new flagship phones. However, this year might be different. Word on the street is the company might skip MWC this year and hold its own own "Unpacked" event in April. It'll be later than usual, but given the disastrous Note7 launch, Samsung probably isn't taking any chances. Everything else As much as we think we know about the S8, there's still a lot that we don't know. For example, how big will the battery be, and what will the software will look like? Will the front-facing camera get an upgrade? Will the S8 include the Note7's iris scanner? Will there be wireless charging? How about expandable storage? Heck, we don't even know if Samsung will continue with the "glass sandwich" design it has used for the last two years. Rumors can only tell you so much, and while most of them usually end up being true, there's still plenty of room for Samsung to surprise us.         LATEST STORIES (3) Syrian Army Troops Pounding Terrorists' Positions with Rocket Fire, Southeast of Aleppo Iraq's Military Troops Complete Control over Eastern Mosul Iraq's 99 Days of Battle for Eastern Mosul Nukes Without Conscience: America Told Britain to Keep Trident Test Failure a Secret Iran, Russia, Turkey Agree on Devising Mechanism to Ensure Syria Ceasefire Muqtada al-Sadr: US Embassy Move Means Declaring War on Muslims EXCLUSIVE: Several ISIL Military Training Camps Destroyed in Western Anbar Province Political Activist: US Distrustful of Saudi Arabia Jordanian Parties Warn US against Plan to Move Embassy to Occupied Jerusalem Iraq: Army Wins Back More Regions in Northern Mosul Syrian Army Inches Closer to Turkish Troops near Al-Bab Analyst: Syrian Army May Enter Militant-Held Idlib without Military Operation Kadyrov Confirms Chechens Serving as Russian Military Police in Aleppo Damascus: Syrian Army Recapturing Own Territories, Not on Offensive Asqar Farhadi's "The Salesman" Nominated for 2017 Oscar Syrian Army Troops Pounding Terrorists' Positions with Rocket Fire, Southeast of Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army soldiers continued their operations to cut off ISIL's lines of supply from Raqqa to Aleppo, capturing several villages Southeast of Aleppo province. [VIDEO] Iraq's Military Troops Complete Control over Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi government forces have liberated the entire Eastern Mosul territories, pushing the ISIL terrorists out of the last district they held East of the Tigris River. [VIDEO] Iraq's 99 Days of Battle for Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi officials said on Monday government forces had taken complete control of Eastern Mosul, nearly 100 days after the start of their campaign to dislodge ISIL terrorists from the city. [PHOTOS] Nukes Without Conscience: America Told Britain to Keep Trident Test Failure a Secret TEHRAN (FNA)- The United States government has trust issues. It refuses to look in the mirror and meet the one that will betray it the most: The United States government itself. Iran, Russia, Turkey Agree on Devising Mechanism to Ensure Syria Ceasefire TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian peace talks ended in the Kazakh capital city of Astana after Iran, Russia and Turkey adopted a final joint statement and agreed to devise a trilateral mechanism to support the ceasefire in the country to monitor any violation. Muqtada al-Sadr: US Embassy Move Means Declaring War on Muslims TEHRAN (FNA)- Powerful Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr underlined that US President Donald Trump's pledge to move Washington's embassy from Tel Aviv to al-Qods means declaring war against the Muslim world. EXCLUSIVE: Several ISIL Military Training Camps Destroyed in Western Anbar Province TEHRAN (FNA)- A group of Iraqi security forces pounded and destroyed several ISIL military training camps in the Western part of Anbar province as their comrades engaged in fierce clashes with the terrorists in Nineveh province. Political Activist: US Distrustful of Saudi Arabia TEHRAN (FNA)- The repeated defeats and failures of Riyadh in the regional wars, including in Syria and Yemen, have ruined the US confidence in the Saudi officials, a political activist said. Jordanian Parties Warn US against Plan to Move Embassy to Occupied Jerusalem TEHRAN (FNA)- Different political parties in Jordan warned new US President Donald Trump of the catastrophic consequences of honoring his campaign pledge to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to the occupied Jerusalem al-Quds. Iraq: Army Wins Back More Regions in Northern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi military forces continued to advance in Nineveh province and won back more lands North of the city of Mosul. Syrian Army Inches Closer to Turkish Troops near Al-Bab TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL terrorists in Eastern Aleppo and approached the positions of the Turkish soldiers and Ankara-backed militants that are fighting the ISIL in the town of al-Bab. Analyst: Syrian Army May Enter Militant-Held Idlib without Military Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Arab analyst Dr. Jamil Shaheen said the Syrian Army's smart plan to relocate the terrorists that are driven by different types of ideology to Idlib might eventually end up in the surrender of the Northwestern province to the government forces without shooting even a bullet. Kadyrov Confirms Chechens Serving as Russian Military Police in Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The head of Russia's Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov confirmed that troops from the Caucasus region were serving as Russian military police in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo. Damascus: Syrian Army Recapturing Own Territories, Not on Offensive TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian government delegation head at the Astana talks Bashar Jafari said Tuesday that the government forces are recapturing own territories, are not at war with any foreign state and noted that it means that the army liberates areas from terrorists' control. Asqar Farhadi's "The Salesman" Nominated for 2017 Oscar TEHRAN (FNA)- The Salesman (titled Forushandeh in Persian) by well-known filmmaker Asqar Farhadi has been shortlisted for an Academy Award in the category of Best Foreign Language Film, as the Iranian cinema has a good chance of grabbing another Oscar after "A Separation". ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Voice-controlled devices shift tech industry USA TODAY Bob O'Donnell 1/17/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 9 retailers that bombed in 2016 America's best and worst banks © WEB BRYANT Artificial Intelligence After a slow and pretty rough start with Apple’s Siri several years back, the idea of voice-controlled technology devices is beginning to take hold, thanks in large part to the success of Amazon’s Echo and its Alexa personal assistant. The proliferation of Alexa-enabled devices at the recent Consumer Electronics Show put an exclamation point on that development. But as cool and interesting as accurate voice recognition and simple control may be, the real impact of voice-driven computing is significantly more profound. The success of Alexa and Echo is like an iceberg that initially appears to threaten the big ships at the surface of the tech industry but actually packs a significantly larger wallop for the more hidden aspects, including operating systems, chips, software, business models and much more. First, as several people have pointed out, Alexa is very similar to an operating system or platform. But it’s one that’s independent of other popular platforms, and it creates a whole new battle for dominance. It’s actually one of the best examples of what I call a “meta-OS”, or a layer of software that sits at an abstracted level above traditional operating systems like Android, iOS or Windows, but still provides the ability for developers to create applications or services that work with it. Popular Searches Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 63.52 +0.56 +0.89% Verizon Communications Inc VZ ▼ 50.12 -2.29 -4.37% Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 101.43 +3.02 +3.07% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 67.40 +0.75 +1.13% The beauty of a meta-OS is that it’s independent of the underlying OS, meaning that apps written for a meta-OS like Alexa don’t have to worry about being written to work with the underlying OS. That’s why, for example, you can see Alexa running not only on traditional computing devices, but cars, connected lamps and more. For those who remember Java virtual machines (JVMs), a meta-OS takes that concept to the next level. Unlike JVMs, the type of software being created for Alexa is very different from traditional mobile apps, however, and that’s yet another of the profound changes that voice-controlled computing is starting to bring about. In the case of Alexa, these new software add-ons are called “Skills” but essentially, they’re simple, very focused extensions of the core capabilities that Alexa includes. More importantly, Alexa is based on advanced technologies, including artificial intelligence and natural language processing. In addition, because there’s no screen to rely on, the whole idea of user interface and interaction models for these types of “invisible” apps are wholly different from what has been done with screen-based devices. Though I’m not a programmer, my understanding is that creating applications for this new software model is very different than coding common mobile apps. The model for creating and distributing these Skills is also very different from what we’ve seen with big app stores. That, in turn, portends some significant changes in software and business models related to applications. On top of all that, the type of processing needed to run Alexa and these Skills apps is also very different than traditional computing devices and that has profound implications for semiconductor chip makers. Though much of the work that Alexa currently does is via the cloud, future iterations will likely see more of the computing and intelligence happening at the endpoint device. The type of “inferencing” work — that is, using an algorithm designed to look for patterns — that’s necessary to do AI-driven voice computing on a connected device has been found to work better on different types of chips than the typical CPUs we see in smartphones, PCs and tablets. That’s why, for example, at this year’s CES keynote, Nvidia was touting their work with Google on getting GPUs (graphics processing units, which are proving to be powerful tools for natural language processing and other AI-based applications) into future iterations of Google Home, their competitor to Amazon’s Echo. Finally, speaking of competition, while much of the discussion on voice-based computing has focused on Amazon and Alexa, the truth is, many companies are working on their own voice-driven meta-OS offerings. Amazon has a great head start, but in addition to Google and its voice-driven computing efforts on Google Home and its Google Assistant, Microsoft is working to expand Cortana, Apple is continually improving Siri, Samsung plans to enter the fray with their new Bixby assistant, and there’s many more coming from smaller companies. In fact, not only are we at the dawn of a radical new type of invisible and contextual computing paradigm, we’re at the starting line of what promises to be a fascinating and industry-changing race for control in this new era. Without a doubt, this long-term battle will be a fascinating one to watch. USA TODAY columnist Bob O'Donnell is president and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, a market research and consulting firm that provides strategic consulting and market research services to the technology industry and professional financial community. His clients are major technology firms including Microsoft, HP, Dell, and Qualcomm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Oscar diversity is not a black-or-white question USA TODAY Mark Zuckerberg says he's not running for president USA TODAY Boy saw how homeless lived — and did something about it USA TODAY Icelanders obsessed with mysterious death of young woman USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Get a 2-year Private Internet Access VPN subscription at 63% Let’s Talk iOS 171: Pen Pineapple Apple Pen The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: $300 off Sony 4K Smart TV, $225 off MacBook Pro,...   skip to main content skip to main menu     KGI: Kaby lake processors and more RAM coming to Mac laptops this year By Cody Lee, Jan 16, 2017 Tweet 4 Comments Apple is planning updates for its MacBook and MacBook Pro lines later this year, according to a research note from KGI Securities’ Ming-Chi Kuo. The noted analyst says the new notebooks will feature Intel’s next-generation Kaby Lake processors and updated RAM options. Kuo says the refreshed 12-inch MacBook models will enter mass production as early as March, and may offer a new 16GB RAM option (currently capped off at 8GB). As for the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models, he doesn’t see production starting until early third quarter. Interestingly, Kuo’s note also mentions that Apple is planning a “15-inch MacBook” with 32GB of RAM  for later in the year—possibly Q4. He believes the RAM will be “desktop class” to satisfy high-end users, but other than that and faster processors, they’ll be very similar to the 2016 models. Apple received quite a bit of backlash for its latest MacBook Pro release. While the laptop features the new Touch Bar/Touch ID support, it also lacks legacy ports, a 32GB RAM option, and has a higher price tag than previous models. It’ll be interesting to see how the company responds in future updates. Source: KGI via MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend KGI: new MacBook Pros and 13″ MacBook next week, iMacs & 5K Cinema Display in 2017 KGI: new MacBook Pros coming in 2017 with price cuts, 32GB RAM option KGI: iPhone 8’s 3D Touch may provide higher sensitivity and wider range of pressure levels KGI: iPhone 8 may supplant Touch ID with optical fingerprint & facial recognition sensors Related Topics KGI Securities, MacBook, MacBook Pro, Ming-Chi Kuo, News, Report malhal If it has the intended battery design, 32GB and a cpu with iris pro then maybe people would be ok with the inconvenience of the ports and touch bar. rockdude094 They can have my 4K CAD (Stating it for that one guy who would ask) only if it has a gtx1080 ravinigga I bought one (I payed not full price) and happy with it and the battery goes over 10 hour for me. Even I a recharged it still 10 hours.(no didn’t install latest beta but normal public os. lysingur With no change to existing battery design? Oh, it’s gonna be interesting how they can pull this off.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines New Find My AirPods feature helps you locate your AirPods watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta 1 seeded to developers with Night Shift mode & more Apple releases iOS 10.3 beta 1 to developers with Find My AirPods & other new features Marketing executive Musa Tariq leaving Apple to become Ford’s VP & Chief Brand Officer   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: AntiTracker, Quickify, & more… How to get the new iOS 10.2 emoji on your jailbroken iOS 9 device AntiTracker lets you know every time someone tracks you with Find My Friends [jailbreak] Quickify gives Spotify users a way to save songs from anywhere in iOS How to save jailbreak tweaks on your device with redeb iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! New 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Kaby Lake and 32GB of Desktop-Class RAM Coming Later This Year – Mac Rumors Posted on January 16, 2017 by Mac Rumors Apple will release updated Mac notebooks with Intel’s next-generation Kaby Lake processors later this year, according to the latest research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. 2016_macbook_pro_lineup. Kuo said new 12-inch MacBook models … Analyst: Apple’s next MacBook Pros will have Kaby Lake processor, more RAMThe Verge Deals: 15″ MacBook Pro for $1959; up to $175 off 13″ MacBook Pros; $188-$250 off 2015 12″ MacBooksAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Save up to $415 on Apple’s new 15-inch MacBook Pros [Deals]Cult of Mac VentureBeat -TechnoBuffalo all 9 news articles …read more wrote 25438 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes Apple so special – Business Insider Samsung’s chips make up for Galaxy Note 7 financial woes – CNET What Target’s mobile app may do differently – PaymentsSource Microsoft Names LinkedIn Executive to Tech Chief Role – Wall Street Journal Pokémon Duel is a slick digital board game for your phone – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News iPhone Apple iPhone 8 More Expensive Than iPhone 7; Might Come With Dual 16-Megapixel Cameras By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 17 2017 02:29 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email The new iPhone 7 Plus is priced at around $770. This smartphone includes the dual camera setup, a big 5.5-inch display, and 32GB of internal storage. To some, this price point is too costly and becomes more of a hindrance when making purchasing decisions. Now, rumor has it that the upcoming iPhone 8 will be more expensive than its predecessor. According to a recent report from Digitimes, mobile manufacturers may experience component shortage in 2017. The shortage could mean that prices for parts may rise unexpectedly that will eventually affect the final cost of the product. The past year has shown a steady increase in demands for mobile devices. Because of the stiff competition, more small sized companies are slowly shifting from low-end to medium- and high-end products. The reason behind this is so phone makers can present more value-added features to their products for their customers. This much is true from the likes of Chinese phone makers like Oppo, Vivo, and OnePlus. iPhone 7 Models (via apple.com) The recent influx of orders for mobile phone parts may affect the final consumer price for the iPhone 8. In 2016 alone, more than 400 million OLED displays were shipped globally. This is expected to increase by 20 percent by 2017. This means that on average, the market is expected to sell around 420 million OLED displays this year. As impressive as it may sound, some of the orders from last year are still being fulfilled today. This may lead to severe backlogs for 2017 as reported by various publications. Delays will eventually affect supply chain and finally cost will be driven upwards due to increase in demands. To make matters worse, the display market is not the only one that will experience supply shortage. According to the same report, there is a likely chance that camera sensors, especially the ones ranging from 12- to 16-megapixels, may also fall short. This is due to the current trend of mobile phone makers opting for more value-added features on their products. It would seem that 2017 will be the year when most mobile devices will have 16-megapixel sensors as their middle ground. In fact, Samsung has already started the trend by adopting the said sensor on its A-series mobile phones. If that is the case, there is also an increased chance that Apple might upgrade the iPhone 8’s camera to a 16-megapixel sensor. Although this might seem logical, consumers must not forget that Apple is not one to follow norms. In fact, the tech giant has been known to go against it. However, recent market pressures seem to show as the company is now embracing the OLED display technology. Something that has been avoided for a very long time. That being said, owing to the fact that the current iPhone 7 Plus already sports a 12-megapixel dual-camera setup, there is a high likelihood that the iPhone 8 will use the same setup as well. However, it may be that Apple will upgrade the sensors with higher resolution to set the iPhone 8 apart from other iPhone models. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitBag. READ ALSO: Apple iPhone U.S. Assembly Might Happen Sooner Than Anyone May Think Related Items:Apple iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Rumors, OLED Display Shortage Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple iPhone 8 to Introduce Improved Touch ID and Facial Recognition iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple to Build Secret Factory in China to Prevent iPhone Leaks? iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Reportedly Making Upcoming iPhone More Water and Dust Resistant About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Dishonored 2 Update 1.03: New PS4, Xbox One, And PC Patch Adds Mission Select, Custom Difficulty, And More! Marvel Future Fight Update: Marvel Details New Monsters Unleashed Uniforms In The Next Patch Pokemon GO Update 0.53.2: New 200MB Android And iOS Patch Adds Korean Language, Fans Datamine APK Pokemon GO Chinese New Year Update: New Gen 2 Pokemon Coming? Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Final Fantasy 15 Update 1.04: 2GB Moogle Chocobo Patch Live! Adds New Features And Bug Fixes Recently, the Final Fantasy 15 update 1.04 has just been released on the consoles.... Dishonored 2 Update 1.03: New PS4, Xbox One, And PC Patch Adds Mission Select, Custom Difficulty, And More! Dishonored 2 update 1.03 is finally here, with the features fans have been waiting... ‘Barron Trump Autistic?’ Was This Tweet That Got SNL Writer Into Trouble? Details Here The road to the White House for Donald Trump has not been a smooth... Don’t Try This At Home: Boy Got Severe Burns Copying This YouTube Video YouTube has been a revolutionary site which has changed the way people use the... Overwatch Capture The Flag Leaked! Possible Tracer-Only Game Mode In Year Of The Rooster Update There’s another event coming in Overwatch this January 24, so players should begin preparing for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming featured no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games Pokemon Go Update NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators today to get their input Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for child endangerment and sex with a teen who she called 'daddy' in text messages Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest surgeries ever performed Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Previous Next 'Sisters meet sisters': Wendi Deng Murdoch shares snap of her teen daughters with Kendall and Kylie Jenner  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 00:14 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 10:47 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 218 shares 39 View comments Kendall and Kylie Jenner were in New York on Monday and dropped by another pair of famous sisters. The reality stars had a meet-and-greet with Grace and Chloe Murdoch, the teen daughters of media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his former wife Wendi Deng. Deng shared the snap of the four girls together on her Instagram with the caption: 'Sisters meet sisters.'  Sisters: Kendall and Kylie Jenner had a meet-and-greet with Grace and Chloe Murdoch, the teen daughters of media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his former wife Wendi Deng on Monday Famous mom: Murdoch's ex wife Wendi, pictured in December, shared the snap of her girls meeting the reality stars to her Instagram Kendall and Kylie are wearing the same outfits they were seen in for a visit to the Big Apple set of female heist movie Ocean's Eight. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Going commando! Kylie Jenner wears camouflage jacket as she... Trans reality star Caitlyn Jenner shows off athletic legs... 'Where is Kendall's other leg?' Fans freak out after... Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out... Share this article Share 218 shares Kendall, 21, was wearing a white lace dress with sheer cut outs and panels with a high neck and a floor-length hem. Kylie, 19, was dressed in a black Juicy velour pant suit.  Multi-tasking: Kendall, 21, was wearing the same outfit she was seen in for a visit to the Big Apple set of female heist movie Ocean's Eight Look lovely in lace like Kendall Jenner Elie Saab Spring 2016 Couture Shop the ready-to-wear line here... Buy now We can't wait to see Ocean's Eight. With starring roles from Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett and Rihanna and cameos from Katie Holmes, Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner you know it's going to be good. AND the fashion so far has been ridiculous! Cate Blanchett's wardrobe alone has included Gucci, Alexander Wang and Altuzarra and thanks to Kim and Kendall it's all going couture. Kim rocked Givenchy while supermodel Kendall looked beautiful in this gown by Elie Saab for her stint in the forthcoming film. Lace is a timeless choice and one which can guarantee elegance and a sense of luxury and Kendall's dress features sheer panels and floaty sleeves to boot. It's ethereal fashion at its best but of course is custom made so isn't available to buy. You can, however, shop the ready-to-wear line at Net-a-Porter now (right). Or recreate Kendall's lace look with our edit of dresses below. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET ONE LIKE IT $400 Free People lace maxi dress at Shopbop Buy now $171 Missguided lace maxi dress Buy now $550 Lurelly lace maxi dress at Revolve Buy now $495 Rachel Zoe Estelle dress at Shopbop Buy now Sheer: Kendall was joined by older half-sister Kim Kardashian, 36, and both reality stars wore sheer numbers without apparently any underwear for the scene being shot  Joined in: Kylie, 19, wearing a black JHouciy velour pantsuit, was also included in the Kardashian cameo for Ocean's Eight The plot of the highly-anticipated movie has been kept under wraps, and it isn't set for release until summer 2018.  The reality TV stars are likely appearing in the upcoming film's star-studded Met Gala scene and Kendall was joined by older half-sister Kim Kardashian. Both appeared to be not wearing underwear as they wore matching white gowns without slips.  Kim took to Snapchat to update her followers from the back seat of a car while they headed to set. Kim shared a couple images of herself flanked by her younger siblings and all appeared in high spirits.  Silly siblings: Kim shared a couple images of herself flanked by her younger siblings, all in costume       Share or comment on this article e-mail 218 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (39) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show Private party? Brad Pitt leaves hotel alone while assistant carries out balloons and champagne... as custody battle with Angelina quiets down Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Borrowed from Kanye? Kim Kardashian steps out in oversized, wrinkled plaid shirt over lace-up leather slacks as she heads to a studio in LA 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller is 'on the verge of breakdown' in teaser clip for new season of series as she faces prison for bankruptcy fraud 'Felt so good to drop this': Star Wars director Rian Johnson shares first look at The Last Jedi's opening crawl Countdown to Star Wars Episode VIII begins Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rebecca Hall flashes more than expected as she goes braless beneath sheer black gown at Christine screening in London Dared to bare  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style 'Love Australia' Scott Eastwood raves about the country as he strikes a warrior pose while boating at sunset  Is on the set of Pacific Rim  Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will name his Supreme Court justice early next week - with three conservative judges in the running... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for... Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!': Adorable girls with different skin colors are born to a black father and a... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a stick figure comes to life   Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 11:05am Wed 25 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Inland Revenue Department audits Microsoft By Jonathan Underhill 4:48 PM Tuesday Jan 17, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Company Taxation Economy Technology IRD has focussed on global technology companies in recent years. Photo / Janna Dixon Microsoft New Zealand, the local unit of the world's biggest software company, is being audited by the Inland Revenue Dept over transfer pricing, a practice that can be used by multinationals to minimise tax. The transfer pricing audit covers Microsoft NZ's accounts for the years 2013 to 2015 and comes as the IRD widens its net to require all foreign-owned firms with annual turnover of more than $30 million to submit an annual basic compliance package which details group structure, financial statements and tax reconciliations. The threshold was previously $60m in annual sales, involving 600 taxpayer groups of which half were foreign owned and lowering the bar will add a further 300 foreign-owned companies. A Microsoft spokesman said the company was "currently working with the IRD to complete the transfer pricing audit of the company as required, there is nothing more we can share about that at this time". Microsoft "complies with the law and we pay our taxes in New Zealand. We believe tax is an issue that should be addressed at the global level, but having said that, we abide by the laws in all jurisdictions in which we operate," he said. Microsoft NZ's immediate parent is based in Luxembourg. Last year, the department launched a number of audits of the tax arrangements of global technology firms and the Herald reported at the time that an IRD briefing to Revenue Minister Michael Woodhouse said the audits were triggered by "anomalies" thrown up by close monitoring of multinationals. The briefing was from IRD manager of international revenue strategy John Nash, who told the Herald that such audits could be "fairly intense trench warfare" and would take several years to resolve. Continued below. Related Content Who are the 8 richest people? All men, mostly Americans The iPhone at 10: A decade later, is the smartphone's golden era over? Kirsty Keating: Top tax tips for the year ahead Transfer pricing refers to the prices that divisions of a large company charge each other for goods and services and has been used by multinationals to shift profits to low-tax jurisdictions from countries with higher tax rates. Australia is among nations planning to introduce a diverted profits tax, commonly known as the "Google tax". The Guardian reported today that Australia's coalition government could impose a 40 per cent penalty on profits that are artificially diverted from Australia by multinationals. Executives at Microsoft, Google and Apple were hauled before an Australian Senate inquiry in 2015 to explain why they should be able to divert earnings to lower-cost countries. More Economy The Economy Hub Business Videos Business Toolbox More Liam Dann Microsoft New Zealand says in its 2016 financial statements, released this week, that its directors and their legal advisers "believe we have adequately assessed and provided for our tax positions. The ultimate outcome of the tax audit cannot be reliably estimated at this time". IRD's Nash was not immediately available. A spokesman said it was widely known that the IRD had focussed on global technology companies in recent years and pointed to the Multinational Enterprise Compliance Focus Document, a guide that sets out the requirements of the nation's tax law. "Information gathered is closely examined based on a detailed risk assessment and any anomalies are brought up with the taxpayer for an explanation," the department says. "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required." "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required." IRD Microsoft NZ had net profit of $8.1m in 2013 after paying tax of about $3.9m, on revenue of $78.5m. That year it got $56m of revenue from related parties and had deposits with related parties of $28m. It owed other members of the Microsoft group about $5.6m. In 2014 the company paid $4.6m of tax for a profit of $9.3m on sales of $86.8m. That year, revenue received from other group members rose to $60.9m and deposits with related parties had jumped to $40.4m. The New Zealand unit of Microsoft chalked up another year of sales and profit growth in 2015. Sales rose to $96m and after tax of $5.2m was paid to IRD, profit rose to about $11m. Some $69.5m of revenue came from related parties and Microsoft NZ had $41.7m of deposits with other members of the group. A note to its accounts says that all debt and advances "are interest bearing and repayable on demand". The parent Microsoft's 2016 annual report says its effective tax rate was lower than the US federal statutory rate "primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centres in Ireland, Singapore and Puerto Rico". Microsoft is in the process of settling with the US Internal Revenue Service over audits of its tax years back to 2004 and in 2012 the IRS reopened the audit for 2004 to 2006. "As at June 30, 2016, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing, which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not favourably resolved," the company said. Outside of the US, "our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2016, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities," it said, adding that the outcome wasn't expected to be material. - BusinessDesk By Jonathan Underhill Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Youth come together for theatre show Te Puna o Te Matauranga marae has been home for a group of Northland youth who are preparing… Hawke's Bay Today Simon Lusk: I stake my reputation on predictions Mike Williams claims my analysis is badly off the mark. I completely disagree. My analysis… Bay of Plenty Times Christmas presents become bicycles for Cambodian children A Tauranga family who went without Christmas presents to ensure needy children in Cambodia… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Exclusive: Driving Lamborghini Aventador S We drive the new Lamborghini Aventador S, the Italian brand's halo car, in Spain Viva Restaurant review: The Kimchi Project, Lorne St Jesse Mulligan discovers Auckland's latest secret, Korean eatery The Kimchi Project True Commercial Author selling Marlborough farm An internationally-renowned author and artist — whose talents range from olive oil and… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 25 Jan 2017 11:05:06 Processing Time: 252ms
Breaking News Trump signs order to move controversial oil pipelines forward Despite no evidence, White House says Trump stands by voter fraud belief Trump signs executive orders on manufacturing, infrastructure Trump plans to keep Comey as FBI director: source Trump talks to U.S. automakers, pushes for new American plants Minnesota governor says diagnosed with prostate cancer U.S. Senate panel advances Ross, Chao nominations on voice vote Foreign powers back Syria truce deal, war erupts among rebels Storm dumps snow, rain on U.S. Northeast; search on for Georgia toddler Under President Trump, U.S. agencies find their words scrutinized Wed 25 Jan 2017 - 26 Rabi II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Tech firm LeEco wins $2.2 bn lifeline Tech firm LeEco wins $2.2 bn lifeline Monday 16th, January 2017 / 19:47 Written by Oman Observer in Business Beijing: Cash-strapped Chinese tech firm LeEco secured a $2.2 billion investment from a group led by property developer Sunac China Holdings, but shares in the rescuer plunged on news of the deal. Hong Kong-listed Sunac said on Friday it would plough 15.04 billion yuan into the sprawling LeEco empire, which has interests in various sectors including self-driving cars, smartphones, film-making, and TV-set manufacturing. Its diverse ventures pit the company against Apple, Netflix and Tesla and homegrown Chinese champions Baidu, Tencent and Alibaba. But the company’s relentless expansion has put a strain on its cash flow, and in November billionaire founder Jia Yueting told employees the company grew too quickly and was short of funds. Shares in its Shenzhen-listed LeShi affiliate dived more than 36 per cent last year and in December were suspended from trading before restarting on Monday. It ended down 1.12 per cent at 35.40 yuan in Shenzhen. The deal will make Sunac the second-largest shareholder of LeEco, with 8.61 per cent equity in LeShi Internet, 15 per cent in LeShi Pictures, and 33.5 per cent in the TV unit Leshi Zhixin, Sunac said in an announcement to the Hong Kong stock exchange. But shares in Sunac plunged as much as 10 per cent in Hong Kong before paring the losses to end 7.96 per cent lower at HK$6.71. — AFP About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Eight men own half the world’s wealth, says Oxfam Sterling skids; investors hope for Trump clarity → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Number of job-seekers in Oman touches 43,858 Attractive environment must for investments Muttrah Souq bears the brunt Cross flooding wadis, get jailed Read More ... Facebook Twitter 4 hours agoTo get top headlines and updates from Oman Observer on WhatsApp save this number +968-96473232 to contact and send… /t.co/uyaJw34OIB 5 hours agoRT @OmanObserver: Ministry order issued to ban import of live birds and their products from Japan, Ukraine, Hungary, Bulgaria, Poland, Finl… 5 hours agoRT @OmanObserver: #OmanAir moves both flights To Terminal 4 At #LondonHeathrow from January 31@HeathrowAirport @omanair /t.co/ZG3PCf… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Octa-core iberry Auxus Note 5.5 launched for Rs 13,999 By tech2 News Staff 62   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 16   Comments GoDaddy aims to get small businesses online with new marketing campaign for India By tech2 News Staff 12   Comments Low Pixel sales are yet another indicator of Google’s continuing struggle with hardware products By Nimish Sawant 8   Comments Huawei Honor 6X smartphone to be exclusively sold on Amazon India 1   Comments more from #Samsung Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology IDC reports 30.5 percent drop in smartphone sales; demonetisation the culprit LG G6 to make debut on 26 February, will not carry a Snapdragon 835 SoC Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Leaked images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus surface online #Samsung An image of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 0 By tech2 News Staff /  17 Jan 2017 , 08:55 The Samsung Galaxy S8 represents a great deal for Samsung. A return to greatness, a much needed device to move on from the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco and a silver lining to Samsung fans. It’s the phone that will, hopefully, overthrow Apple from its throne. As such, anticipation for the phone is very high and we’re awaiting the phone’s launch with bated breath, lapping up every bit of information that surfaces on the internet. The latest leaks churned up by the internet relate to alleged 3D renderings of the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. An unnamed case maker has sent GSMArena precise information as to the measurements of Samsung’s phone. Judging by the renders, the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus will be significantly broader and only slightly taller than the S7 Edge. Measuring 152.38 x 78.51 x 7.94 mm, the phone will be about 1.5 mm taller than the S7 Edge and about 6 mm wider. Image: GSMArena The smaller Galaxy S8 is compared to the Samsung Galaxy S7 in the renders, and measures 140.14 x 72.20 x 7.30 mm as compared to the S7’s 142.4 x 69.6 mm measurements. Surprisingly, the renders show both phones having micro-USB ports rather than USB Type-C. If the renders are indeed accurate, we can only surmise that Samsung still intends to maintain Samsung Gear compatibility. It’s also apparent from the renders that the screens are significantly larger than last year’s phones. This is because the upper and lower bezels are vanishingly small. In fact, the leaked renders look a lot like the rendered phones that Samsung Display used in its ads for Samsung’s new Amoled screens. Either way, the phone is indeed shaping up to be an interesting one. Everyone’s expecting to see the phone’s debut at MWC 2017 later next month. Tags: Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Mobile World Congress, MWC, MWC 2017, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Also read Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro with Snapdragon 625 SoC and liquid cooling confirmed in China Geekbench Benchmark hints at Samsung J7 2017 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 X Recommended For You Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology IDC reports 30.5 percent drop in smartphone sales; demonetisation the culprit LG G6 to make debut on 26 February, will not carry a Snapdragon 835 SoC Samsung has commandeered the first Snapdragon 835 production runs, rivals left with SD821: Report Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Xiaomi Jan 24, 2017 This is Xiang Wang, the man who will replace Hugo Barra as CEO of Xiaomi #Nasa Jan 24, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini captures Saturn’s moon Daphnis creating ripples in the ring system #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #IIT Bombay Jan 24, 2017 IIT Bombay students develop autonomous submersible with potential military applications #Android Jan 24, 2017 Android instant apps are here for Buzzfeed, Periscope, Wish and Viki #Technology Jan 24, 2017 Government will use geo-spatial technology to complete its vision of 100 smart cities SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Inland Revenue audits Microsoft NZ over transfer pricing Jonathan Underhill Tuesday January 17, 2017 9 Share Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella Play NBR radio on Microsoft New Zealand, the local unit of the world's biggest software company, is being audited by the Inland Revenue Dept over transfer pricing, a practice that can be used by multinationals to minimise tax. The transfer pricing audit covers Microsoft NZ's accounts for the years 2013 to 2015 and comes as the IRD widens its net to require all foreign-owned firms with annual turnover of more than $30 million to submit an annual basic compliance package which details group structure, financial statements and tax reconciliations. The threshold was previously $60 million in annual sales, involving 600 taxpayer groups of which half were foreign owned and lowering the bar will add a further 300 foreign-owned companies. A Microsoft spokesman said the company is "currently working with the IRD to complete the transfer pricing audit of the company as required, there is nothing more we can share about that at this time". He said Microsoft "complies with the law and we pay our taxes in New Zealand. We believe tax is an issue that should be addressed at the global level, but having said that, we abide by the laws in all jurisdictions in which we operate." Microsoft NZ's immediate parent is based in Luxembourg. Last year, the department launched a number of audits of the tax arrangements of global technology firms and the NZ Herald reported at the time that an IRD briefing to Revenue Minister Michael Woodhouse said the audits were triggered by "anomalies" thrown up by close monitoring of multinationals. The briefing was from IRD manager of international revenue strategy John Nash, who told the Herald that such audits could be "fairly intense trench warfare" and would take several years to resolve. Transfer pricing refers to the prices that divisions of a large company charge each other for goods and services and has been used by multinationals to shift profits to low-tax jurisdictions from countries with higher tax rates. Australia is among nations planning to introduce a diverted profits tax, commonly known as the "Google tax". The Guardian reported today that Australia's coalition government could impose a 40 percent penalty on profits that are artificially diverted from Australia by multinationals. Executives at Microsoft, Google and Apple were hauled before an Australian Senate inquiry in 2015 to explain why they should be able to divert earnings to lower-cost countries. Microsoft New Zealand says in its 2016 financial statements, released this week, that its directors and their legal advisers "believe we have adequately assessed and provided for our tax positions. The ultimate outcome of the tax audit cannot be reliably estimated at this time." IRD's Nash wasn't immediately available. A spokesman said it was widely known that the IRD had focussed on global technology companies in recent years and pointed to the Multinational Enterprise Compliance Focus Document, a guide that sets out the requirements of the nation's tax law. "Information gathered is closely examined based on a detailed risk assessment and any anomalies are brought up with the taxpayer for an explanation," the department says. "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required". Microsoft NZ had net profit of $8.1 million in 2013 after paying tax of about $3.9 million, on revenue of $78.5 million. That year it got $56 million of revenue from related parties and had deposits with related parties of $28 million. It owed other members of the Microsoft group about $5.6 million. In 2014 the company paid $4.6 million of tax for a profit of $9.3 million on sales of $86.8 million. That year, revenue received from other group members rose to $60.9 million and deposits with related parties had jumped to $40.4 million. The New Zealand unit of Microsoft chalked up another year of sales and profit growth in 2015. Sales rose to $96 million and after tax of $5.2 million was paid to IRD, profit rose to about $11 million. Some $69.5 million of revenue came from related parties and Microsoft NZ had $41.7 million of deposits with other members of the group. A note to its accounts says that all debt and advances "are interest bearing and repayable on demand." The parent Microsoft's 2016 annual report says its effective tax rate was lower than the US federal statutory rate "primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centres in Ireland, Singapore and Puerto Rico". Microsoft is in the process of settling with the US Internal Revenue Service over audits of its tax years back to 2004 and in 2012 the IRS reopened the audit for 2004 to 2006. "As at June 30, 2016, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing, which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not favourably resolved," the company said. Outside of the US, "our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2016, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities," it said, adding that the outcome wasn't expected to be material. (BusinessDesk) 9 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags IRD irs Post Comment 9 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Anonymous 8 days ago I hope Vodafone is next on the IRD's list. Reply Share Share   0 1 by Mark Hubbard  6 days ago in reply to Anonymous Why? Vodafone gives me a fantastic deal. 120 GB a month of internet fast enough to watch NetFlix (HD) in the middle of nowhere in the Marlborough Sounds, including all our telephone requirements (free nationwide calling) for just over $100 per month. That's exceptional. If you increase their costs, however, and tax is a huge cost on a firm, then my costs have to go up as a customer, plus they have less to invest in this great technology. Let these companies lower the burden of their costs as much as they can to give the best deals they can, and most innovative products and services, to we consumers; let politicians pull their spending in, lose some of the baubles (and their huge power), and countries compete on tax rates. That's the free, prosperous society. Reply Share Share   0 0 by Anonymous 5 days ago in reply to Mark Hubbard  Why should everyone pay for it thru higher income taxes or receiving lower quality services thru budget constraints. Reply Share Share   0 0 by Mark Hubbard  5 days ago in reply to Anonymous Try putting another 20 odd words in there so I can see what side of this debate you're on. I don't know what you mean. Reply Share Share   0 0 #2 by Paleo Martin 7 days ago A very difficult thing to pin down. But we have to try to ensure that foreign companies pay their fair share of taxes. Will be interesting to see how we progress; bound to be a lengthy affair. Reply Share Share   0 0 #3 by John Naysmith 6 days ago I agree that it is time all these large companies who are diverting income to countries with low tax rates in order to minimize their taxes need to be brought to account. I understand Australia is taking action to assess the tax which these companies should have been paying in Australia. I believe NZ is also looking at what can be done to ensure that we are achieving our fair share of the Tax due by these companies. My suggestion is to keep it simple. The IRD should assess each of these companies by: 1) Calculating the Percentage based on proportion of sales in NZ (from GST returns filed for the year) divided by the individual Company's sales (obtained from their Annual Report to Shareholders), 2) Apply this Percentage to the Taxable Profit of the Company (as disclosed in The Annual Report to Shareholders) to arrive at the Taxable Profit attributed to sales in NZ, 3) Assess each of the Company's income tax by applying NZ tax on the assessed proportion of Profit calculated as above. I suggest we start with Apple, Alphabet (Google), and Amazon followed by other companies where it is known that income is being diverted to low tax havens. Reply Share Share   0 1 by Peter Idoine  6 days ago in reply to John Naysmith I understand that the GST returns for MS only represents part of their revenues in NZ. When MS measures the size of the business in NZ. is is more than 2x he revenue than appears in IRD / GST returns... Same goes for several... others.. the Transfer pricing is nevertheless relevant. For NZ revenue (actual vs declared) you need to look at the Global Revenues vs NZ Revenues and consider whether the declared NZ revenue seems fair and accurate. Reply Share Share   0 0 by Mark Hubbard  5 days ago in reply to John Naysmith Right, so any country who, in the spirit of the free West (remember that old concept) has a lower tax rate than us, is a tax haven? That's much of the OECD at the moment. Reply Share Share   0 0 by Mark Hubbard  5 days ago in reply to Mark Hubbard  'Any country which, ...' As it goes. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7238 0.0049 0.68% AUD 0.9539 0.0046 0.48% EUR 0.6722 0.0016 0.24% GBP 0.5773 -0.0030 -0.52% HKD 5.6142 0.0376 0.67% JPY 81.4390 -0.4110 -0.50% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1215.6 9.940 2017-01-23T00: Oil Brent 55.6 -0.280 2017-01-23T00: Oil Nymex 52.8 -0.490 2017-01-23T00: Silver Index 17.2 0.160 2017-01-23T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7064.2 7090.0 7064.2 0.33% NASDAQ 5568.3 5606.5 5552.9 0.86% DAX 11554.8 11596.2 11545.8 0.43% DJI 19794.7 19949.2 19799.8 0.57% FTSE 7151.2 7190.1 7151.2 -0.01% HKSE 22965.2 22986.5 22898.5 0.22% NI225 18817.4 18915.7 18891.0 -0.55% ASX 5611.0 5653.8 5611.0 0.70% Most Popular Read Peter Thiel company tipped for monster IPO, new details emerge about NZ property buy Listed company downgrades highlight tough times for honey industry Foreign affairs: How to think about the Israel-Palestine problem Traditional renting model shows poor returns compared to Airbnb Government picks up trade talks to counter Trump's protectionism Commented Minimum wage to rise Trump signs three executive orders, including withdrawal from TPP Comvita blames bad weather for shock profit downgrade Trump’s emphasis on trade protectionism not great for New Zealand Fixing severe housing unaffordability has to be top priority for government Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. UMF Honey Association's John Rawcliffe says China's grey market tax is hitting business English talks up trade deals with Asian countries as Trump takes US further into shell Cameron Officer on Mercedes-Benz coming out on top again and the uncertain future of the British Grand Prix BusinessNZ chief executive Kirk Hope comments on the increase to the minimum wage  Megan Alexander on Robert Half's gender pay gap research Only available on Previous article Businesses warn of rising prices Next article Powerco eyes price hikes to pay for $1.4 billion network upgrade Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Inland Revenue audits Microsoft NZ over transfer pricing
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → For #&%@’s Sake, Make Your Passwords Stronger Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Jan 16th, 2017 9:40 PM EST | Quick Tip Hey, guess what? Your passwords probably suck. Most of our passwords suck. To be fair, mine don’t. They’re stupid long, are random, and I never repeat them. Maybe you do the same. If so, you can read this piece, gloat, and revel in how much better at security you are than your neighbors. Or skip it altogether. But for the rest of you? Your passwords probably suck. So—for #&%@’s sake—make your passwords better! Passwords Still Somehow Sucked in 2016 Keeper Security (makers of Keeper password manager, for context) analyzed some 10 million passwords released in security breaches in 2016. Five million of those passwords are in the image below. Oh, sure, there’re only 25 passwords in this image, but they represent half of all the passwords used. Because most of you suck at passwords. Behold: Keeper Security’s Top 25 Passwords from 2016   Do you use a password that is on that list? Change it! Seriously, folks. Make your passwords better. Apple’s Safari will generate fairly strong random passwords. So do all of the password managers (my favorite is 1Password). Use these tools. Use a password manager to keep everything straight. Don’t be lazy. And that one password that somewhat doesn’t suck*—18atcskd2w—but is still somehow in this list? Keeper Security wrote, “According to Security Researcher, Graham Cluley, these accounts were created by bots, perhaps with the intention of posting spam onto the forums.” OK, makes sense why it’s there. But call me unreassured. Basic Password Tips for Improving Your Security in 2017 The reality is that if you’re reading this article, you probably have some interest in making your own passwords stronger, or helping those in your family who need that help. Here are some basic tips for better password security that I am shamelessly reusing from an article Jim Tanous wrote for us in 2012: 1.) Every password should have all these things: Uppercase characters Lowercase characters Digits Symbols 2.) Make them long. Safari generates 15-character passwords. Me? I like mine longer. 15 characters is nice. 18 is nicer. 24 characters makes me a little flush, if you know what I mean. Plus, when using a password manager, longer really isn’t much of an issue. Jim Tanous beautifully explained why length matters, so check out that piece if you’re curious. 3.) Never reuse a password, never use the same password on more than one site. Again, Please Make Your Passwords Stronger The badguys are getting stronger. This is just a fact. Criminal organizations, miscreants, and foreign govermnents alike are getting better and better at breaking into accounts, and performing the very breaches that yielded the passwords for Keeper Security to analyze. On the one hand, your stronger password won’t keep companies who get breached from being breached. But, stronger passwords will make it much harder for the bad guys to access your accounts outside of a breach. In addition, by using different passwords, a data breach at one site won’t expose you on other sites. *It’s nowhere near long enough, there are no capital letters, and no other characters. It still sucks. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: 1Password, Keeper Security, Password, security 6 Comments Add a comment geoduck January 17, 2017 Everything you say is true. However isn’t it really time we just admitted that passwords are obsolete? People can’t remember ones that are strong enough to be any good. Things like Password Key et.al. are fine but really they are just making a stronger lance when the enemy is coming at us with tanks. I don’t know what the answer is, but passwords are just obsolete. Even if you have a 24 character password with everything you mention, enough bots can crack it. Social engineering can divulge it. Backdoors and hackers can make it meaningless. It is time, well past time, for a total change in how we keep our systems secure. January 17, 2017 at 9:04 EST AM Hagen January 17, 2017 I’m noticing a problem similar to the 6-character password problem — a lot of the sites out there allow 15 characters MAXIMUM. Some of the super-long passwords I’ve tried to set in the last two months have either been truncated, without telling me. (thanks to 1Password for noting the actual password the site used!) More worrisome, other websites would refuse to accept a long password for reasons even their tech support couldn’t explain. So, even with a super-long password, one has to stay vigilant. Many of the companies out there aren’t even capable of using current strong password practices. Use as strong a password as you can. January 17, 2017 at 7:05 EST PM maxglitz January 17, 2017 Sooner or later we’re going to have to do better than passwords. They’ve gotten so cumbersome for us out here that it’s ridiculous. Yeah, everyone settles for whatever “the new norm” is, but I’m going to be a squeaky wheel. Sure a password management app is one solution, but it’s getting like packing for traveling with a baby if you use someone else’s computer on a trip when you want to use a BIG screen and not a dinky smart phone. Sometimes a smartphone feels like a toy or a settle-for after years of big easy screens mice and keyboards. For graphic designers and visual artists, a smartphone won’t cut it. I’m looking forward to something like fingerprint recognition without it JUST being on our own devices. It’s time for a change. January 17, 2017 at 7:35 EST PM Lee Dronick January 17, 2017 It would help if servers would not allow more than certain number of attempts and attempts on several accounts coming from the same location. January 17, 2017 at 7:42 EST PM Scott B in DC January 18, 2017 Ok @geoduck and @maxglitz, what do you suggest? What is better than passwords that can be implemented on a wide scale? I deal with large-scale systems on a daily basis. Systems that have to be accessed by a wide variety of people, not just the techno-geeks. No matter the system we use, it’s not going to work. Certificates? Think about how you would teach your least technical family member about how to use certificates. Sorry, that technology has not caught up to the user-friendly stage. Tokens? You go buy everyone tokens. Oh, right… something equivalent, like grid (or Bingo) cards. Ok… explain that to your non-technical relative. I have to deal with allegedly technical people who don’t get it. Soft tokens, like Google Authenticator? Let’s leave the Google as BIG BROTHER issue aside for the moment, not everyone has a smartphone or a device to run the soft tokens. Yes, these people exist but are being forced into a world they are not economically or intellectually prepared to participate. Of course, this rules out using SMS on the phone as a second step or factor. Some of those people cannot afford the additional SMS messages. Like everything else, there’s the problem with management. Who will be the single point of technical support? Are you going to give the government access to the keys? What about Google (insert BIG BROTHER comments here)? Amazon or Facebook? (Smaller versions of BIG BROTHER) Privacy laws in Europe do not allow for a central authority without certain protections. This is why a lot of European-based services do not use OpenID, Facebook Connect, OAuth, or anything similar. If you try to implement it in the United States, you’re going to get pushback from various privacy rights organizations like the ACLU, EPIC, Internet Freedom Foundation, and others. And consider the current state of the technology, I will be right there to protest. The concept of a single or global sign-in has been a long-standing debate. Sure, there have been attempts to make it work, but those were technical attempts. The problem with the technical attempts is that it fails when we factor in the human component like greed, piracy, stupidity (not ignorance, that’s a different issue) and those other wonderful nasties that the government has to pay people like me to help clean up after the mess is made! January 18, 2017 at 1:04 EST AM archimedes January 19, 2017 Users aren’t really to blame for bad passwords when they have to remember them. I believe it was Don Norman who described passwords as a “conspiracy against memory.” Usually any password you can remember is, almost by definition, not a good one. There are tricks to remember more obscure and longer passwords, but it’s better to take humans out of the loop to begin with! Safari and iCloud keychain solve the bad password problem somewhat by generating a randomized password that is automatically remembered by keychain so you don’t have to. But why aren’t randomized passwords and client certificates the norm rather than the exception? Multi-factor authentication also improves the password situation quite a bit. For example, if an app requires a password, it can easily add other information to the password such as a private, per-session randomized key. Yet multi-factor authentication is also the exception rather than the rule. The bad password problem is largely a product of bad system design, namely depending solely on humans to do something that we’re bad at. January 19, 2017 at 8:45 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9504 Bryan Chaffin quick-tip 6 1484602825 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Tuesday 24 January 2017 World's business chiefs in a sweat on taxes Sean Duffy Published 17/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share World's business chiefs in a sweat on taxes Independent.ie More than two-thirds of chief executive officers (ceos) around the globe are concerned about the implications for their businesses from changes to international tax law. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/worlds-business-chiefs-in-a-sweat-on-taxes-35372988.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35372801.ece/67a23/AUTOCROP/h342/GettyImages-631551306.jpg Email Uncertain economic growth is seen as the biggest threat to companies. Photo: AFP/Getty Images More than two-thirds of chief executive officers (ceos) around the globe are concerned about the implications for their businesses from changes to international tax law. Share World's business chiefs in a sweat on taxes Independent.ie More than two-thirds of chief executive officers (ceos) around the globe are concerned about the implications for their businesses from changes to international tax law. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/worlds-business-chiefs-in-a-sweat-on-taxes-35372988.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35372801.ece/67a23/AUTOCROP/h342/GettyImages-631551306.jpg Email Go To Comments Ireland has been at the centre of the developing row over how much tax big companies should pay, and where. The last 12 months saw the European Commission dramatically order Ireland to collect €13bn plus interest from Apple that Brussels says is owed to the Government here in back taxes, while Donald Trump says he will slash tax to get US firms to relocate jobs back to America. Almost seven out of 10 ceos (68pc) surveyed by accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) expressed concern that the global crackdown on tax avoidance will force multinationals to pay more. PWC asked 1,379 ceos in 79 countries their views on a range of topics. Uncertain economic growth is seen as the biggest threat to companies, with 82pc of ceos revealing they were concerned by the issue. That was followed by over-regulation (80pc) and the availability of key skills (77pc), while 62pc said that reducing costs would be a priority this year in order to boost balance sheets. More than half of ceos (53pc) said the world was moving into a more nationalistic phase. Just under two-thirds (64pc) of those questioned in the survey said they believed that globalisation had helped to provide full and meaningful employment around the world. More than half (52pc) said they were intent on hiring new employees in the year ahead, while only 16pc said they would be cutting head counts. "It is time to raise the role of business in society, to step forward with their own solutions and collaborate with multiple players in society to boost trust and build the world we need for the future - because if executed properly, business is a force for good," said PWC global chairman Bob Moritz. Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Read More Louis Vuitton store ram raided in early hours by gang escaping on mopeds  Maariyah Pathan A Louis Vuitton store in Sloane Street was ram-raided in the early hours of the morning by a gang who escaped on mopeds. Etihad boss James Hogan to step down as airline launches strategic review  Gavin McLoughlin Etihad Airways president and chief executive James Hogan will leave his role in the second half of this year, the airline has announced. CityJet to pay up to $434m for new jets and buys Denmark's Cimber  John Mulligan Dublin-based airline CityJet has this morning confirmed its acquisition of Danish carrier Cimber, a subsidiary of Scandinavian carrier SAS, and placed an order for up to $467m (€434m) worth of Bombardier... Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented CityJet to pay up to $434m for new jets and buys Denmark's Cimber  World Rate rise fear over German inflation alert  World Louis Vuitton store ram raided in early hours by gang escaping on mopeds  World €18m people-smuggling ring involving Aer Lingus staff has 'Italian Mafia and...  Irish News Minister to outlaw sex with people who've fallen asleep drunk  Irish News Outrage as south Dublin apartment residents hit for €30m over planning failures  Irish News Renowned hotelier criticised for saying people in Sligo 'wouldn't work in a fit'  Irish News Tributes paid to student (19) who died after 'taking ill' in fast food restaurant  Irish News Outrage as south Dublin apartment residents hit for €30m over planning failures 50,000 Irish at risk as 'shock and awe' deportation looms Trump makes early move on restricting abortions around the world Trump advisor 'punched man repeatedly' at inauguration ball - reports Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Louis Vuitton store ram raided in early hours by gang escaping on mopeds A Louis Vuitton store in Sloane Street was ram-raided in... Etihad boss James Hogan to step down as airline launches strategic review Etihad Airways president and chief executive James Hogan... CityJet to pay up to $434m for new jets and buys Denmark's Cimber Dublin-based airline CityJet has this morning confirmed its... McDonald's all-day breakfast fails to fuel US growth McDonald's is trying stage a comeback, but still has plenty of work to do in its... Rate rise fear over German inflation alert German inflation could rise to 2pc in January due to higher energy prices, the Bundesbank... Telecoms giant takes $200m stake in Jay Z's Tidal Sprint has acquired a 33pc stake in music-streaming service Tidal, as the US's fourth-largest... Yahoo being probed by US regulator over potential data breach from cyber attack The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is... Share Watch: Gas giant to benefit from merger and new US policy This column loves products that are indispensable; it also... Premium brand strategy helps P&G up earnings Procter & Gamble's (P&G) drive to sell more upscale skin-care, grooming and house-... Concern over Trump policies as European stocks show little change European stocks closed little changed as investors... How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search Why the United States Is Losing Its Technological Edge The Department of Defense needs to completely overhaul its approach to technology strategy, injecting free market principles to keep pace with technological change. Ben FitzGerald January 16, 2017 TweetShareShare Earlier this month, President-elect Donald Trump drew headlines for his criticism of two major defense programs, the Air Force One replacement and the Joint Strike Fighter (F-35). Mr. Trump is right to worry about high prices and schedule delays, issues that frequently harm defense procurement. But his concerns should run deeper. The United States military is losing its longstanding technological advantage, despite spending billions on projects like those troubling the president-elect. The DoD’s problems can be rectified, but not by banning civilian or military personnel from ever working in defense industry, as considered by Mr. Trump. Instead, the Department of Defense needs to completely overhaul its approach to technology strategy, injecting free market principles to keep pace with technological change and outcompete increasingly capable adversaries. The DoD develops some of the world’s most sophisticated technology, but its fundamental approach to doing so remains optimized for a bygone era. It assumes a clear, singular threat from which to develop rigid requirements. These requirements form the basis for contracts for which only a small number of defense specialist contractors can compete. And the costs of these projects are so high that the resulting weapons systems must remain in service for many decades, despite the rapid pace of technological change and world events. Today, the United States requires capabilities to address threats ranging from sophisticated national militaries to insurgents and terrorists to highly empowered individuals. The DoD must therefore invest in a wide array of technologies ranging from nuclear weapons to traditional conventional military systems and newer capabilities like cybersecurity, advanced manufacturing, robotics and artificial intelligence. The developers of many of the newer technologies DoD needs focus on global commercial marketplaces, with sales and R&D budgets that dwarf the DoD’s approximately $60 billion R&D budget. Global R&D spending for 2016, by comparison, is estimated at $1.9 trillion. At today’s valuations, Apple Corporation could purchase the top five U.S. defense contractors from its cash reserves. The massive growth of global technology companies means that the DoD does not wield the influence it did in the 1960s, but it has not adapted to these market realities. The DoD and its industry partners are acutely aware of these problems, but have not yet been able to effect the change necessary for success. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter has sought to encourage innovation, reaching out to Silicon Valley by founding the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. The United States Air Force and Army have created rapid capability offices aimed to speed the development of new systems. And Congress recently passed one of the most extensive defense reform bills in a generation, forcing a reorganization of the DoD’s entire acquisition organization. These efforts have created an environment in which profound change might take place. If confirmed, Secretary-designate James Mattis will have a rare opportunity to make changes that have eluded previous secretaries. Success will not be achieved simply by increasing acquisition budgets or production, although that will help. Instead the incoming administration must use free market principles to foster competition and innovation, creating the conditions for military and business success. To achieve these goals, the DoD must employ a radically different technology strategy. Under that strategy the DoD should invest in many more technology options. Creating a more diverse capability portfolio will allow the Pentagon to make investment decisions based on the systems that prove most effective. It is hard to kill a program like the Joint Strike Fighter when there is no alternative available. An optionality strategy would yield significant military benefits, imposing intelligence and innovation burdens on the nation’s adversaries and providing the United States with more flexibility to respond to strategic surprise. It would also allow the DoD to manage the cost and sophistication of its technology relative to relevant threats. Most importantly, while others may be able to compete with certain U.S. technologies, no other nation possesses the size and sophistication required to implement this type of strategy. At the same time, an optionality strategy would create the conditions for a far more advantageous defense marketplace. The DoD should be an attractive customer for technology companies. It offers compelling technical problems, invests in cutting edge systems and is willing to pay early adopter premiums. By lowering barriers to entry and disincentives to innovation, the DoD can take advantage of this latent appeal to stimulate competition from new entrants and traditional defense industry alike. Changing the Pentagon’s bureaucracy is notoriously difficult. The Trump administration brings a desire to change and the hope of increased defense spending. While positive, this intention also creates the grave risk of pouring new money into old mistakes, which would see a once in a generation opportunity squandered. But with a new strategy and strong leadership, something Secretary-designate Mattis is famous for, meaningful change is possible at this moment in the Department’s history. Ben FitzGerald is Director of the Technology and National Security Program at the Center for a New American Security (CNAS) in Washington. Image: The F-35B Joint Strike Fighter test aircraft. Flickr/U.S. Navy TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAmericas More stories by: Ben FitzGerald Just Say No to Middle East Bailouts A new Marshall Plan would backfire. Amitai Etzioni How Trump Can Rebuild American Strength at Home Trump’s signature slogan is “Make America Great Again.” Not “Make American Hegemony Great Again.” Christopher A. Preble Trump Takes the Oath, the Left Goes to War On inauguration weekend, conservative tolerance beat liberal bullying. Aram Bakshian Jr. Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular US Navy's Ultimate Dream Weapon (That Russia Feared): Merging a Super Battleship and an Aircraft Carrier They Can Kill: The U.S. Marines Corps' 5 Deadliest Super Weapons Saddam Hussein Seriously Feared a U.S. Nuclear Strike During the Gulf War The U.S. Navy is Moving at Warp Speed to Develop Super Lasers A Political Earthquake in Seoul and Its Repercussions for U.S. Policy Why Russia's Enemies Fear the Kalibr Cruise Missile Revealed: The 6 Most Lethal Armies in All of History Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators today to get their input Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for child endangerment and sex with a teen who she called 'daddy' in text messages Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest surgeries ever performed Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Previous Next Busty Kim Kardashian shows off her ample cleavage as she wears luxurious fur coat for a night out in NYC after Dubai trip By Kirby Kristen For Dailymail.com Published: 20:58 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 06:12 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 614 shares 324 View comments Kim Kardashian just returned from a whirlwind three-day tour of Dubai. But on Monday, the 36-year-old reality TV star didn't show any signs of jet lag as she was spotted out and about in New York City. She left her more conservative look back in the United Arab Emirates, and opted to flash her ample cleavage now that she was back in the states.  Scroll down for video  Back stateside! Kim Kardashian just returned from a whirlwind three-day tour of Dubai and didn't show any signs of jet lag as she was spotted out and about in New York City on Monday Kim looked effortlessly polished after only just returning from her trip, which marked her official return to work after taking a few months out to recuperate following October's terrifying Paris robbery.. The mother-of-two sported winter whites from head-to-toe starting with a plunging T-shirt which barely concealed her ample bust revealing layers of gold necklaces on her tan decolletage.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Kim Kardashian dances along to her 2011 pop flop Jam with... Did Kim Kardashian and Calum Best have a secret fling?... Share this article Share She teamed the chic look with a pair of stylish taupe drawstring pants which were rolled up to reveal her fabulous footwear - tan laced-up stiletto booties.  The TV personality topped off her posh attire with a luxurious white fur coat for her outing in the Big Apple.  Plunging display: The 36-year-old reality star left her more conservative look back in the United Arab Emirates, and opted to flash her cleavage now that she was back in the states Winter whites: Kim teamed a plunging T-shirt with a pair of stylish taupe drawstring pants which were rolled up to reveal tan stiletto booties, and topped it all off with a posh fur coat Go for that sports luxe look like Kim in her Yeezys $250 Yeezy Season 3 Cotton Terry Sweatpants On sale for 179 at Barneys! Buy now Here comes the queen of sports luxe, Kim Kardashian. Look as she mixes a pair of her hubby's Yeezy sweatpants with some yeezy stiletto boots, a plunging top and ultra plush fur. Sporting cuffed ankles with an oversized feel, these Yeezy joggers are the perfect accompaniment to balance out the sexiness of her sky high ankle boots and cleavage baring tank. Thanks to the likes of Vetements and Yeezy, comfy casual wear is currently at the forefront of the fashion world. Get in on the trend by snapping up these exact ones now. The best part they're on SALE! But we've rallied up some worthy alternatives and you can shop them all below. Comfort is just a click away... * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET A PAIR LIKE KIM'S $19.90 Forever 21 Distressed Lace-Up Sweatpants Buy now $70 Bobi Distressed Jersey Sweatpant at Revolve Buy now $55.50 Ljve Fashion Blush Sweatpants at Shoptiques Buy now $39 UO Terry Fleece Joggers at Urban Outfitters Buy now No signs of jet lag! She appeared surprisingly rested wearing a glowing face of make-up while her long brunette tresses looked freshly blown out in a super straight style For so soon after her flight, Kim appeared surprisingly rested wearing a glowing face of make-up while her long brunette tresses looked freshly blown out in a super straight style.  While in Dubai, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star met with children at a pediatric center. Greeted by the crowd of excited young teens, who all wore her face on their shirts, Kim gamely joined them in dancing along to Jam onstage.  Polished: Kim only just returned from her trip, which marked her official return to work after taking a few months out to recuperate following October's terrifying Paris robbery While in Dubai: The TV personality met with children at a pediatric center. The excited young teens, who all wore her face on their shirts, got her to dance with them on stage All smiles: During her visit Kim also went from room to room to meet the children personally and take a series of selfies Thanks! A teen gifted her with an embroidered black abaya - a traditional long sleeved gown which is worn over a woman's clothes when outside her home in the United Arab Emirates During her visit Kim also went from room to room to meet the children personally and take a series of selfies.  There was also a gift exchange with a teen gifting her with an embroidered black abaya - a traditional long sleeved gown which is worn over a woman's clothes when outside her home in the United Arab Emirates.  Kim had worn a Sade T-shirt and ripped jeans for the outing, which she covered up later with the conservative gown as she thanked her fans. On Sunday night she boarded a plane back to New York still wearing her Sade shirt, with a thick fur coat on top. Kim looked exhausted following her busy trip, as she hid her make-up free face behind thick shades, as she made her way through the airport back home in the U.S.  Touchdown: Kim donned another fur coat and looked exhausted following her busy trip, as she hid her make-up free face behind thick shades, after landing at the airport in New York   Share or comment on this article e-mail 614 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (324) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show Private party? Brad Pitt leaves hotel alone while assistant carries out balloons and champagne... as custody battle with Angelina quiets down Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Borrowed from Kanye? Kim Kardashian steps out in oversized, wrinkled plaid shirt over lace-up leather slacks as she heads to a studio in LA 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller is 'on the verge of breakdown' in teaser clip for new season of series as she faces prison for bankruptcy fraud 'Felt so good to drop this': Star Wars director Rian Johnson shares first look at The Last Jedi's opening crawl Countdown to Star Wars Episode VIII begins Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rebecca Hall flashes more than expected as she goes braless beneath sheer black gown at Christine screening in London Dared to bare  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style 'Love Australia' Scott Eastwood raves about the country as he strikes a warrior pose while boating at sunset  Is on the set of Pacific Rim  Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will name his Supreme Court justice early next week - with three conservative judges in the running... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for... Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!': Adorable girls with different skin colors are born to a black father and a... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a stick figure comes to life   Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Analyst: Apple’s next MacBook Pros will have Kaby Lake processor, more RAM – The Verge Posted on January 16, 2017 by The Verge Well-known Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities in Taiwan has issued a new note indicating that this year’s MacBooks will be upgraded with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors, as well as 32 gigabytes of RAM in the 15-inch model. Details from the note … New 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Kaby Lake and 32GB of Desktop-Class RAM Coming Later This YearMac Rumors Deals: 15″ MacBook Pro for $1959; up to $175 off 13″ MacBook Pros; $188-$250 off 2015 12″ MacBooksAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Save up to $415 on Apple’s new 15-inch MacBook Pros [Deals]Cult of Mac ZDNet -VentureBeat -TechnoBuffalo -The Next Web all 12 news articles …read more wrote 25438 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Trying to buy a new laptop is a good reminder of what makes Apple so special – Business Insider Samsung’s chips make up for Galaxy Note 7 financial woes – CNET What Target’s mobile app may do differently – PaymentsSource Microsoft Names LinkedIn Executive to Tech Chief Role – Wall Street Journal Pokémon Duel is a slick digital board game for your phone – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Gadgets  »  Audio  »  News BeoPlay M5 is a big, beautiful cylinder of bass by Sam Kieldsen  |  Tuesday 17 January 2017  | Comment Now Has Bang & Olufsen made a Sonos killer? The BeoPlay M5 isn’t exactly cheap, we know – but neither is it the sort of princely sum that’d see you going to the bank manager cap in hand. In fact, at $899, it’s priced just a bit more than the Sonos PLAY:5, until now the ultimate word in semi-affordable-yet-also-really-good wireless speakers. B&O, however,  would doubtless point to the fact that the M5 can suck up wireless audio from any Bluetooth product, while the Sonos rival is restricted to products running Sonos’ software. In addition to that, the M5 also supports a wide roster of audio streaming tech: Spotify Connect, Apple Airplay, Chromecast and B&O’s own Beolink Multiroom. And then there’s the design, which we think puts the PLAY:5 somewhat in the shade. This is a big bucket of a speaker at 19cm tall and 16cm in diameter, but its cylindrical shape and wool-blend fabric covering make it the sort of stylish piece that’d blend in oh-so-easily to your minimalist Copenhagen loft apartment. Or your three-bed terrace in Newtown. We haven’t put it to the test with our own ears yet, but word has it the M5 is a boss when it comes to bass – albeit one you can tell to tone it down via the tuning feature on B&O’s companion app. We’re itching to see if the Danes have built something that can compete with the PLAY:5 and knock Sonos off the top spot - so stay tuned for an update once we get our mitts on it. This article originally appeared at Stuff.tv Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  beoplay m5  |  bluetooth speakers  |  hifi streaming   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   The Minox ACX 300 is a GoPro for extreme scrimpers     Review: TP-Link TL-PA9020P AV2000 2-port Gigabyte EOP kit     Review: Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus     Watch three fighter jets launch the largest drone-swarm ever released     The 12 most exciting Netflix Originals coming in 2017   More in Audio (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE Buyers' Guide: Get the right headphones for you << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Drag your guitar into the digital age with iRig Acoustic Stage and Pro I/O << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (3 of 10 articles) NEWS BeoPlay M5 is a big, beautiful cylinder of bass << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (4 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Bragi Headphone << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Roland's on-the-go mixer gives your smartphone videos stereo sound << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Sennheiser’s Ambeo headphones put directional surround sound in your ears << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE Which 2017 smartphones will ditch the headphone jack for good? << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Vinci headphones listen to you as you listen to them << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (9 of 10 articles) NEWS On-ear and up there: SoundMagic scales new heights << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> More in Audio (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The Beoplay H9 headphones cancel out all the bad noises << Prev Next >> View all Audio articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Audio News Drag your guitar into the digital age with iRig Acoustic Stage and Pro I/O Review Review: Beats Powerbeats3 Wireless Feature Buyers' Guide: Get the right headphones for you Group Test Labs: MP3 Player Roundup: Introduction Gallery Gallery: BitFenix Flo headphones From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Fine Art: Metal The Next Judge Dredd Comic Sounds Mad Max As Hell Batman Is Teaming Up With One Of His Biggest Comic Book Inspirations For A New Miniseries Cosplay's Unlikely Anime Bondage Stars [NSFW] Esports Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament Counter-Strike Pro Wins Epic Shootout Against The Entire Enemy Team  The Weekend In Esports: League Of Legends And Genesis 4 Return Xbox Here's February's Xbox Live Games With Gold Lineup Here's 21 Minutes Of Ghost Recon: Wildlands Twitch Stream Follows Five GTA 5 NPCs Wherever They Go, No Matter What They Do Grand Theft Auto Online Trolls Vs The Million-Dollar Car PlayStation How The Last Guardian Makes You Care About A Bird Dog Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Target Is Selling Yakuza 0 For $59 Kingdom Hearts 2.8 Gives Us A Taste Of Kingdom Hearts III, And It's Good Nintendo Miitopia Is Nintendo's Wonderfully Strange Take On JRPGs I Am Setsuna Is A Nintendo Switch Launch Title Man Finds Wii U Kiosk In Gamestop Dumpster What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics PC Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires A Year Later, Yandere Simulator's Dev Says Twitch Still Hasn't Explained Ban So That's Why Doom's Hell Has So Many Candles Mobile Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March The Creator Of Fruit Ninja Has A Brand New Video Game The Galaxy Note7 Blew Up Because Of The Batteries Samsung Will Finally Explain What Happened To The Galaxy Note7 In Real Life While You Were Sleeping Talk Amongst Yourselves What Games Are You Playing To Cope With Stress? Isaac Asimov's Foundation Set The Stage For Modern Science Fiction Retro The 9 Best Tennis Games ScribbleTaku 80s Gaming Nightmare Returns To Haunt Us All ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament The Ring Girl Crawls Out Of Department Store TV, Frightens Shoppers DOOM, Dishonored 2 And Watch Dogs 2 Are Going For A Bargain Razer Blade Pro Review: The Top Of The Thin Line Mike Fahey Jan 17, 2017, 12:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  feature laptop pc gaming razer razer blade razer blade pro review Share Since the 2011 debut of its first super-skinny gaming laptop, Razer has supplemented the Blade line with models either smaller or less expensive than original. Starting at $US3,699 ($5,106), the new Blade Pro bucks that trend, resulting in Razer's the most impressive desktop replacement yet. AU Editor's Note: The latest Razer Blade Pro is yet to be released in Australia, with Razer still listing the older Blade Pro with a GTX 960M for sale. Once availability and local pricing is made known, we'll pass the information on. PC gamers laughed when the original 43cm Razer Blade debuted at $US2,800 ($3,865) with system specs easily surpassed by larger, cheaper gaming notebooks, but the Blade wasn't about power. It was about finding a balance between performance and portability, sacrificing more robust components in order to achieve a game capable system that was under an inch thick. That balance struck a chord with consumers, and the Blade line began to grow. In 2013 the 43cm model became the Blade Pro, the base name going to a new 36cm system that was thinner than Apple's Macbook Air. Earlier this year Razer debuted the Blade Stealth, an even smaller, skinnier system aimed at the Ultrabook crowd. Where the original Razer Blade was an exercise in compromise, the 2016 Razer Blade Pro is about seeing how much power can be stuffed inside of a 43cm wide, 28cm deep, .88 inch tall aluminium housing without killing anyone. Thanks to engineering know-how, recent advances in computer graphics technology and Razer's willingness to say "fuck it" to what most might consider a reasonable price tag, the 2016 Razer Blade Pro packs an remarkable amount of gaming goodness into these cramped confines. What It Is The 2016 Blade Pro is a gaming laptop Razer is aiming at being the ultimate desktop replacement machine. On the outside, it's the lovely black aluminium housing that's defined the Blade line since its debut. The sides are festooned with USB 3.0 ports, a Thunderbolt 3 port, a SDXC card reader (bonus points) and a HDMI 2.0 input, perfect for connecting a VR setup. Moving to the bits of the system we regularly interact with, the 2016 Blade Pro marks the debut of Razer's new ultra-low-profile mechanical keyboard switches. The screen is a 43cm IGZO multi-touch 4K panel with support for Nvidia's G-Sync technology. The Blade's new, proprietary power port. The most noticeable feature change between the new Blade Pro and previous models is the scrapping of the LCD-powered Switchblade interface in favour of a more traditional multi-touch touchpad. Above the touchpad sits a set of multimedia keys and a prominent scroll wheel. The insides of the 2016 Razer Blade Pro may be led by the Intel Core i7-6700HQ quad-core processor, but the star of the gaming show is the mobile version of Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1080, AKA the best a gaming laptop can possibly get at the moment. Keeping one of these from getting too hot is a chore on much thicker notebooks. In order to handle the heat, Razer developed the world's smallest vapour chamber cooling system. This is just a thing Razer engineers do. That's what's going on in the inside. Don't let this get around to the outside. The new Blade Pro doesn't skimp on the other interior components, either. The system comes standard with 32GB of 2133MHz DDR 4 memory, the most ever offered in the line, and solid state drive storage starts at 512GB, configurable up to 2TB. each option consisting or two drives in Raid 0 configuration. Speaking of pushing limits, the largest capacity lithium ion battery a passenger may carry on an aeroplane is 100 watt hours. The capacity of the Blade Pro's built-in battery is 99 watt hours. The version I am reviewing came with the 1TB option, raising the price to $US3999 ($5,520). Plus tax, I guess. This is about as powerful as a gaming laptop this size is going to get. What I Did With It I played some video games. Computer video games. On a computer. This one. I played a batch of benchmark-friendly fare — Dishonored 2, Watch Dogs 2, Overwatch and the like. I also logged some hours in virtual reality with my Oculus Rift. Normally it's just games and general use when I review a Razer Blade system, but with the 2016 Pro I found myself watching a lot of movies and television, for reasons I will explain once we get to that part of the review. Patience. What I Liked Gaming Performance: Here is a laptop with a 4K screen that can be used for more than streaming videos. The 2016 Razer Blade Pro won't have players whipping through their entire PC game library in gorgeous ultra HD at 60 frames per second, but less demanding fare like Blizzard's Overwatch easily quadruple their pixels and maintain a relatively steady 60 FPS. Watch Dogs 2 running at 4K Ultra on the Razer Blade Pro. A screenshot proves nothing, I just like 4K screens. On the opposite end of the spectrum we have Watch Dogs 2, a much more demanding title. At 4K on Ultra settings, the new Blade Pro keeps it a little under 30 FPS. Lower graphics settings enhance performance — I found it perfectly playable on High. Maxxed out Doom ran in the high 50s at 4K. The Division benchmark gave me high 20s. Dishonored 2 varied wildly, as it does, but kept thing well above 30 at all times. I didn't bother with Metro: Last Light, because I am tired of explaining what a dick that benchmark is. Dialling down the bells and whistles by varying degrees, the 2016 Razer Blade Pro can play just about anything at 4K and hit at least a 30 frames per second average, and if you'd rather not compromise your settings, there's always 1920 x 1080. Portable Virtual Reality: The new Razer Blade Pro works like a dream with my Oculus Rift. I just plug in the headset and sensors into the USB 3.0 ports, slide in the HDMI cable and I am good to go. It's granted me the ability to share virtual reality with my friends and family without having to invite them into my messy home, and that's priceless. Before I send the system back to Razer, they will have to kill me. Wait no, before I send the system back to Razer, I plan on bringing it over to my folks' place for Christmas to show them such virtual wonders as they have never seen. It's going to be hilarious. Look How Skinny This Thing Is:  Seriously, look at it. I don't even have to type a paragraph explaining this. Display: The 2016 Blade Pro's 43cm IGZO 4K display is one of the best displays you can put on a laptop. Colours are rich and vibrant, blacks are deep and dark. The panel features 100 per cent Adobe RGB coverage, which is great for folks looking to spend a little time editing photos and videos during gaming breaks. It's so pretty I constantly find myself wanting to touch it. Then I remember it's also a touch screen, and I touch it more. I am not ashamed. Furious Sound: Sound has never been the Razer Blade's strong suit, traditionally relying on thin, tinny speakers positioned directly under the display. This time around, Razer's got a pair of speakers set to either side of the keyboard, along with a pair of thin speaker ports on either side of the housing, and they sound amazing. While waiting for my batch of testing games to install I streamed Max Max from Steam (don't ask why I own movies on Steam) and the rich soundscape blew me away. We're talking tangible bass from this sleek little number. Clicky Keyboard: Outside of awkwardly cramming a full-sized keyboard awkwardly onto an already over-sized laptop, it's hard to find a gaming laptop with the delightful clickiness of mechanical key caps. Razer's solution to this issue was to make their own ultra-low-profile mechanical switches, because of course it was. A thing of clicky beauty. Once you get used to the low travel distance, a factor necessary for the switches to exist, typing on the new Blade Pro is a delight. It's a light clicking, loud enough for the user to enjoy the response without annoying folks in the next room. I like it. Touchpads to the Right: I will admit that even after a week of regular use, my hand still attempts to tap the naked center area below the Blade Pro's keyboard, but for the most part I'm comfortable with the unit's generous multitouch touchpad where it is. It's not dedicated gaming mouse, but I don't find myself reaching for an external peripheral as quickly as I normally do with standard laptop touchpad configurations. Plus it has a lighted border, powered by Razer's Chroma tech. You could even say it glows. Best of all, it's not the LCD screen with customisable LED buttons that used to come on the Blade Pro line, meaning I don't have to mess with configuring everything, my right hand is never covering a display and the laptop uses less power overall. SD Card Slot: I work with photo and video all the time. I love an SD card slot. Everything should have an SD card slot. What I Didn't Like Not A Big Fan, But Loud Ones: The 2016 Razer Blade Pro features small, downward-facing internal fans that love to make themselves heard under heavy loads. It's not as noticeable during louder games, but in those quiet moments it comes seeping through, like a heavy wind through a forest of dead trees. In case that seems like a poetic way to put it, imagine me trying to recreate the whooshing fan noise with my mouth while writing about it, because that's exactly what I was doing. Whooooosh. Feel The Heat: While never hot enough to burn, the area between the monitor and keyboard gets mighty toasty during gameplay. It can be kind of pleasant while playing with the laptop in the bathroom on a cold December morning (I don't know why they keep sending me these things), but extended play with the laptop on your laptop can get quite heated. Razer has done a good job of keeping the heat isolated to the one area, but I need something besides fan noises in the what I didn't like section. Final Thoughts There are gaming laptops that offer similar or better performance at a lower price. Those laptops aren't .88 inches thick or housed within a unibody CNC aluminium shell, and they certainly don't weigh 4kg. Since Razer's 36cm laptop took over the Razer Blade name, the Razer Blade Pro felt like it was losing its gaming edge. Recent models felt more like workhorses than high performance machines, aimed at professionals looking for a colourful way to create custom macros for Autocad. That feeling is gone. This motherfucker right here, you guys. This is the shit. Abandoning silly ideas like LCD trackpads and affordability, Razer went all-out with the 2016 Razer Blade Pro. It's got a jaw-droppingly gorgeous display, a revolutionary keyboard, desktop quality sound and the power to readily outperform any laptop with a similar form factor. This is the finest portable gaming PC Razer has produced, worthy of taking over the dusty spot where a gaming desktop once sat, should that be your aim. They should all probably quit now. Go home, be with their families. Their job here is done. Case closed. Comments Blair Guest Jan 17, 2017, 2:14pm Great review, cheers. I'm thinking about purchasing the (new) Razer Blade with the 1060 but I'm holding off for a few months in anticipation of Kaby Lake being added. Do you guys have any information on when Kaby Lake will appear in the lineup other than the stealth? I did ask Razer support a few times but they repeatedly misunderstood my question, I gave up. Reply 0 zell71 @zell71 Jan 17, 2017, 5:45pm i really wish the blade was 15".. it would be an instant buy but a 14".. im not sure i want to go down in size Reply 0 SardDenso Guest Jan 17, 2017, 4:52pm I'm Aussie, but get confused by labelling laptops/screens in metric. Just so used to screen sizes in inches. Reply 0 cyktan Guest Jan 18, 2017, 6:44pm Any idea how to get this model in Australia? Currently only the previous Blade Pro is available for purchase through the online razer store. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics Alex Cranz 23 Jan 2017 11:00 AM The Nintendo Switch looks like it might be complete weaksauce when compared to the best consoles from Sony and Microsoft. But the real question is. Does that matter? Probably not. Don't Have Kids Mark Serrels 23 Jan 2017 10:30 AM So for the last two weeks, my PlayStation 4 hasn't been working. To be more precise, it was refusing to play discs. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Kotaku's Static Podcast: The Interviews Kotaku's Static Podcast: Are Game Reviews Redundant Or Important? Kotaku's Static Podcast: Does eSports Have An Image Problem? Trending Articles 1 What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics 2 Don't Have Kids 3 Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak 4 Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It 5 A Year Later, Yandere Simulator's Dev Says Twitch Still Hasn't Explained Ban Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared While You Were Sleeping Talk Amongst Yourselves Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Interns Could Be A Gateway For Your Small Business To Find New Talent Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Trump claims the Keystone XL pipeline will create 7 times more construction jobs than it actually will Netflix is rebooting 'Queer Eye for the Straight Guy' to give red states a makeover 10 things you need to know before markets open in Australia and Asia Crackle boss argues there's no such thing as too much TV © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple planning MacBook Pro with 32GB of 'desktop-class' RAM: Report Apple's laptop plans this year are detailed by an Apple analyst, but there's no word on new iMacs. ByJake Smith for iGeneration | January 17, 2017 -- 00:16 GMT (16:16 PST) | Topic: Hardware CNET/CBS Interactive Apple plans to release a new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Intel's next-generation Kaby Lake processor and "desktop class" RAM, later this year, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via MacRumors). survey Macs to replace PCs in enterprise at "unprecedented rate" Is Apple on the upswing in the enterprise? Some IT professionals think so based on a recent survey, saying Macs are safer and boost productivity while also cutting down on support costs. Read More Kuo, an often-correct analyst, said in a research note the 15-inch MacBook Pro will be "the most significantly redesigned product this year." It's said to feature 32GB of RAM and enter production in early fourth quarter. The update is likely to feature the same Touch Bar that was introduced on the 2016 version of the MacBook Pro. A 12-inch MacBook is said to enter production in the second quarter, according to the analyst. It will be upgradable to 16GB of RAM from the entry level 8GB, and carry the same aesthetics as the 2015 version. Kuo added that new entry-level 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros will enter production in early third quarter with Kaby Lake processors. Intel unveiled the new processors at CES 2017 in January, and are believed to make the laptops more power efficient. There's no word on rumored updates to the iMac line that were pegged for the first half of 2017. It's believed Apple will also unveil an external 5k display, which is rumored to have an integrated GPU. All of Apple's portable Macs since 1984 SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 24 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Storage Apricorn Aegis Secure Key 3z hardware-encrypted flash drive Hardware Cisco rolls out Spark Board, all-in-one cloud-connected digital whiteboard Smartphones OnePlus 3T review: An excellent affordable Android handset gets even better Innovation Google is bringing AI to your Raspberry Pi × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Put Movies onto Your iPad Without iTunes Craig Lloyd02/23/2016 The iPad is a great movie-watching device while traveling, but if you’re not a big fan of iTunes, here’s how to get movies onto your iPad without using iTunes. Advertisement iTunes isn’t terrible by any means, but it does slow down the process of putting movies onto your iPad. First you have to convert them into a format that Apple can recognize, if they aren’t already. Then you have to import them into your iTunes library, and finally you can sync them to your iPad. There are methods that you can use that completely avoid iTunes, and while the iPad can only play certain video file types, you can download and install video players on your iPad that will play any file type you throw at it, getting rid of the need to convert movies to the correct file type in the first place. However, one method I discuss does all the converting for you before it transfer movies to your iPad, which is really convenient. Read: How to Get By with a 16GB iPad Advertisement There are a couple of methods you can use in order to get movies onto your iPad without using iTunes, some of which take a bit longer, while others involve using third-party software to quickly copy and paste movies to your iPad using the device’s file system. Advertisement Here’s how to transfer movies to your iPad without using iTunes. Using a Cloud Storage Service Perhaps the easiest way to put movies onto your iPad without using iTunes is by using Dropbox, Google Drive or other cloud storage service. However, it’s also a method that takes the most time and the movie must be in a file format that your iPad can recognize (.MP4 and .M4V). This method requires you to have the app of the cloud storage service on your iPad, so if you use Dropbox, be sure to download and install the Dropbox app from the iTunes App Store. Furthermore, you can download and install the desktop app on your computer. Otherwise, you’ll be using the web interface. To use cloud storage to transfer a movie to your iPad, simply just copy and paste the movie file into your Dropbox folder on your computer. Depending on the file size and the speed of your internet connection, the movie could take a few minutes to a few hours to sync to Dropbox. Advertisement Once it’s synced, you’ll then be able to access it in the Dropbox app on your iPad. From there, you either watch it directly in the Dropbox app or watch it in the Videos app on your iPad. To watch the movie directly in the Dropbox app, you can begin playing it in the app if you have an internet connection. Otherwise, you’ll need to tap on the star icon in the upper-right corner and save the movie to the Dropbox app in order to watch it offline. If you want to export the movie to your iPad and watch it in the Videos app on your iPad, you’ll need to tap on the Share icon in the upper-right corner and then tap on Save Video. Advertisement Using Third-Party Software Perhaps the quickest and easiest way to get movies onto your iPad without using iTunes is taking advantage of some third-party software. Personally, I like WALTR, which makes it really easy to transfer files to your iPad, and we’ve covered it in the past. After downloading and installing WALTR, plug in your iPad to your computer and fire up WALTR. It should automatically detect your iPad. From there, click on the + icon in the middle of the window. Find the movie that you want to transfer to your iPad and click Open. Advertisement From there, the movie will be converted into a file format that your iPad can natively recognize if it isn’t already, and then it will be transferred to your iPad. Depending on the size of the movie, this could take a few minutes. When it’s done, WALTR will say that the movie uploaded to your iPad successfully. Now, open up the stock Videos app on your iPad and you should see your movie there ready to be watched. The metadata for the movie may or may not show up, as it depends if that info is embedded into the file, but the only important thing is that the movie plays, and it should without any problem.   16 Responses 12/15/2014 Gerald Guerrero Reply Thank you very much 06/12/2015 rosemary Reply Both those programs cost so please don’t say they’re free. The Player Xtreme downloads for free but you have to pay 3.50 to upgrade to pro in order to hear sound so unless you’re the silent type, it’s not free. 07/22/2015 Laura Reply Agreed Rosemary. I wish I’d read your comments before figuring out the exact same thing :( 08/21/2015 Joanne Reply I have downloaded it to try and I have sound and I thought this was a great program 06/12/2015 rosemary Reply Also am now waiting for Pentaloop (developer for Player Xtreme) to tell me why I still don’t have sound even after upgrading to their Pro version. If this ends up working, will post such. 06/18/2015 Lilyheye Reply Read this tutorial for a far easier way to transfer your films to iPad. Without using iTunes, you also manage to put films on the tablet. http://www.apowersoft.com/transfer-movies-to-ipad-without-itunes.html 07/29/2015 Chris Reply I think WALTR to be a great alternative. Especially for those, who don’t like to look into complicated apps, I copy movies to iPad without iTunes in a matter of seconds, I’m happy to have installed it! 07/30/2015 Darlene Reply These were great instructions. Easy to use and no charge for sound or anything! You just made me and my son VERY happy! Thanks. :) 08/05/2015 Tammie Reply As for third party apps to put movies on iPad, FonePaw iOS Transfer is pretty good for copying movies to iPad without iTunes. It supports all the formats, quick in installation and simple in use. For me it works the best, definitely recommend! 02/17/2016 CB Reply It worked perfectly for me no charge for anything for either apps. If you follow the directions perfectly it will work, sound and everything for my ipad air. i hate itunes and this is so much more helpful. Actually player xtreme will give you a free upgrade to pro if you give a good review on i tunes 02/24/2016 Brittanylcarlson Reply 15=222m­­­­­­­­­y co-wor­­­­­­­­­ker’s sist­­­­­­­­­er-in-la­­­­­­­­­w mak­­­­­­­­­es $81 eve­­­­­­­­­ry h­­­­­­­­­our o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­he int­­­­­­­­­ernet . S­­­­­­­­­he h­­­­­­­­­as be­­­­­­­­­en o­­­­­­­­­ut o­­­­­­­­­f wo­­­­­­­­­rk fo­­­­­­­­­r 10 mo­­­­­­­­­nths b­­­­­­­­­ut las­­­­­­­­­t mon­­­­­­­­­th h­­­­­­­­­er inc­­­­­­­­­om­­­­­­­­­e w­­­­­­­­­as $15199 ju­­­­­­­­­st w­­­­­­­­­ork­­­­­­­­­ing o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­he int­­­­­­­­­erne­­­­­­­­­t fo­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­ew ho­­­­­­­­­ur­­­­­­­­­s. go…. See More 04/24/2016 Ali Khan (@alikhan2655) Reply This is by far the best way to add files and it is pretty quick. How to Add Videos to VLC on the iPad by Steve Gregory, Demand Media Google Although an iPad comes with built-in apps that allow users to view video content, the device also allows the installation of third-party video players, such as the VLC media player. The VLC player can play many video file formats, including AVI and MPG files. If you want to add videos for the VLC player on your iPad, you must connect the device to iTunes on a computer that already has the video files you want to add to the player. Ads by Google #1 Video Converter Mac Convert Videos with 30X Faster , Burn DVD, Edit Video, More!iskysoft.us​/​Mac-Video-Converter Step 1 Connect the iPad to your computer via its USB cable. Step 2 Launch iTunes, then select your iPad under “Devices” on the left side of the window. Related Reading: How to Put Your MP4 Files on an iPad for a VLC Step 3 Click the “Apps” tab, then navigate to the “File Sharing” section by scrolling to the bottom of the window. Step 4 Click “VLC” in the “Apps” section on the left side of the page. The list of current media files for the VLC player automatically appears on the right side of the page under “VLC Documents.” Step 5 Click the “Add” button at the bottom of the “VLC Documents” box. The “Choose a File” window opens. Step 6 Navigate to the video you want to add to VLC, then click the “Choose” button. The video is automatically added to the VLC player on your iPad. Click the “Add” button again to add more videos. 05/12/2016 Dianne Bowler Reply Ali, Thank you so much for this step by step. I finally managed to get some movies onto my Ipad Air so that when I’m flying I have more choices. Thanks Again. 06/08/2016 Adrian Gonzalez Reply I use Sunshine and is really simple. You download it on Mac and iPad and then send the files both ways. For movies it has a really cool feature that allows sharing a movie from Mac into iPad without downloading it in like 5 seconds! There is no size limit, it’s free and works with Android, iPhone and Windows too. https://www.sunshineapp.com/ 09/08/2016 Stella Reply This sucks so bad, as I’m trying to upload a movie, it isn’t working, and there’s no help on any website. I did and follow the step by step program. You fire up waltr and plug in your iPad and drag a movie. And as I’m dragging there’s no + icon on the waltr app. And when I drag a movie it has an icon that says it can’t be done. 01/16/2017 lurice0 Reply i have CrashPlan which backs up my computer files and i used the CrashPlan app to download what i wanted onto my device which was a video but i can’t play it. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Science Here’s the battery that could have saved the Galaxy Note 7 Mike Wehner @MikeWehner January 16th, 2017 at 7:11 PM Share Tweet Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 was absolutely the most publicized example of faulty battery technology in the history of mobile phones, but exploding batteries aren’t exclusively a Samsung problem. A quick Google search will produce news stories about defective batteries in phones from Apple, LG, Sony, Nokia, and every other major manufacturer. Lithium-ion batteries are simply not a perfectly reliable power source, and while the Note 7 was an extreme example, every manufacturer could benefit from batteries that are able to extinguish themselves if they get a bit too hot. Now, science has delivered exactly that. Don't Miss: Everything we already know about the Galaxy S8 A new paper by Stanford University researchers, published in Science Advances, describes an innovative battery technology that includes a flame-retardant substance which allows the batteries to provide power as normal, but will spring into action if things get out of hand. A small amount of triphenyl phosphate is housed inside a thin shell inside of the battery itself. If the battery is working normally, you’ll never even know it’s there, but if for some reason the temperature inside the battery passes the 150 degree Celsius  (302F) — as it does in cases where batteries balloon up and explode — the shell will melt and the phosphate will extinguish the situation. In their testing, the researchers were able to demonstrate that the battery safeguard could prevent the battery from going nuclear in just four-tenths of a second. In a situation like that of the Galaxy Note 7 — where it is thought defective batteries, casing design, or a combination of both were responsible for the explosions — these batteries would have been able to prevent themselves from spitting fire. Once these new batteries have self-policed their explosive tendencies they are no longer function properly, so Samsung would still have a battery replacement problem on its hands, but there would be no headlines about smartphones burning down homes, garages, or cars. Tags: batteries View Comments Trending 1 Mobile iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close 2 Business T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores 3 Entertainment The Netherlands sent President Trump a welcome video and it’s the most amazing thing ever 4 Retail Go get a NES Classic at GameStop right now 5 Apps & Software Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know Picked For You AT&T is losing cellphone customers, fast By Chris Mills January 22nd at 12:00 PM Apple just released iOS 10.2.1, here’s what you need to know By Mike Wehner January 23rd at 1:23 PM The oldest TV technology is getting popular again with cordcutters By Mike Wehner January 22nd at 9:00 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Samsung Succession in Disarray as Lee Criminal Case Advances by Sam Kim @samkimasia More stories by Sam Kim and Hooyeon Kim More stories by Hooyeon Kim January 16, 2017, 5:00 PM EST January 17, 2017, 4:42 AM EST Possible replacements include sister and heads of chips, TVs Lee may still make key decisions behind bars if arrested Lee Criminal Case Puts Samsung Succession in Disarray The long-orchestrated plan to cement Jay Y. Lee’s position atop Samsung Group may put him in jail instead, raising questions about who would step in to run South Korea’s biggest conglomerate in the aftermath. Prosecutors are seeking Lee’s arrest on allegations including bribery and embezzlement, which if proven could prompt him to relinquish duties at the family business. Potential replacements include executives running key divisions of the dominant electronics business, as well as a sister -- hotel executive Lee Boo-jin. While a long shot, her anointment would mark a seismic shift in the way the nation’s patriarchal empires are run. After spending years following his father’s footsteps to the chairman’s seat of Samsung Group, Lee is trying now to avoid the missteps that triggered his father’s two criminal convictions. Even if the accusations against him involving South Korea’s president are proven in court, it’s still possible Lee could return to the company later or even call the shots from behind bars, just as executives from Hyundai Motor Co. and SK Group have done. “Chaebol executives have a history of managing from the jail, whether it be via lawyers or secretaries visiting them,” said Lee Kyung-mook, a professor at Seoul National University’s Graduate School of Business. Samsung declined to comment when asked about a potential leadership vacuum. A court hearing is scheduled for Wednesday to determine whether to approve the prosecutor’s request for an arrest warrant. Whether the warrant is granted or not, prosecutors would continue their probe, with a possible indictment coming later. Lee testified last month that he never ordered donations to be made in return for political favors. On Monday, Samsung denied any wrongdoing. “We can’t accept the prosecutor’s argument that we made illegal requests associated with the merger and management succession,” Samsung Group said in a statement. “We believe the court will make a wise decision.” Samsung shares are trading near record highs on higher-than-projected earnings results. The stock rebounded Tuesday after a two-day decline. What’s Behind the Samsung Bribery Allegations: QuickTake Q&A Lee’s potential arrest in the scandal surrounding President Park Geun-hye is another calamity for the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics Co., the largest maker of mobile devices. Last year, the company pulled its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone off the shelves because some devices burst into flames. The debacle cost Suwon-based Samsung an estimated $6 billion and a competitive advantage before Apple Inc. released its iPhone 7 models. Lee, 48, has had trouble matching the success of his father, Lee Kun-hee, who transformed Samsung Electronics from a copycat appliance maker into a global powerhouse in TVs, smartphones and memory chips. The elder Lee -- South Korea’s richest man -- suffered a crippling heart attack in May 2014, and Samsung shares fell that year and the next before recovering in 2016. “It’s a perilous practice that a person can take over a company just because he or she was born to a successful father,” opposition lawmaker Park Yong-jin said. “The biggest problem with our economy is that people with unproven skills run its biggest companies.” Lee doesn’t play the role of day-to-day manager, depending rather on co-CEOs and other top managers to handle those responsibilities. But employees and shareholders depend on him to provide strategic guidance when it comes to decisions like the next big bets in technology or potential acquisitions. After the elder Lee’s collapse, executives including J.K. Shin, who is in charge of the smartphone division, handled daily operations for Samsung Electronics. The son became de facto leader of the group, which then embarked on an intricate reorganization to solidify his control. Prosecutors want to know if that effort involved making payments to a presidential confidante in exchange for government support. If Lee is imprisoned, he could be replaced by Samsung Electronics’ co-Chief Executive Officer Kwon Oh-hyun, 64, who leads the semiconductor and display businesses. The successes of those two divisions helped propel Samsung to its best operating profit in three years during the quarter ended Dec. 31. Another candidate is Yoon Boo-keun, 63, who heads the consumer-electronics unit encompassing TVs and appliances. “He’s part of the trio with Lee and Kwon that has run Samsung Electronics,” said Park Ju-gun, president of Seoul-based corporate watchdog CEOSCORE. “Samsung could be run as if that trio were still intact.” It also would be “natural” for Lee Kun-hee’s eldest daughter to be considered, said Chung Sun-sup, who runs corporate researcher Chaebul.com. Lee Boo-jin, 46, is CEO of the luxury Hotel Shilla Co. chain, which is on track to post revenue growth for a sixth straight year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. She owns 5.5 percent of Samsung C&T Corp., one of the biggest shareholders in Samsung Electronics. “Some speculate she could practically take over, but being a large shareholder doesn’t mean she could run a massive company like Samsung Electronics,” Chung said. “Realistically speaking, Kwon may be the one.” Lee Kyung-mook, the Seoul National University professor, also identified her as a candidate to manage the conglomerate, albeit temporarily. A daughter taking over Samsung would break with tradition in South Korea, where sons succeed fathers at the chaebol that dominate the economy. Still, Samsung has been a trailblazer in doing away with old business practices and hiring women aggressively. “Lee’s sister may briefly take the reins, but there’s little chance she’d take over permanently given she has fewer shares in the firm than her brother,” the professor said. The youngest surviving daughter, Lee Seo-hyun, is an executive at Samsung C&T. In the meantime, Jay Y. Lee may miss the window of opportunity to succeed his father as parliament moves to make it harder for Samsung to use its own shares to help him consolidate control, said Heo Pil-seok, CEO at Midas International Asset Management in Seoul. That could make the stock more volatile. Park, the lawmaker, submitted a bill nicknamed the “Jay Y. Lee Law” to prevent financial firms from supporting the types of internal mergers orchestrated to help Lee boost control. “The corporate governance at Samsung could remain awkward for an extended period of time, and that would increase uncertainties,” Heo said. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The elder Lee’s criminal convictions -- in 1996 for bribing a former president and in 2008 for embezzlement and tax evasion -- may work against his children. During a parliamentary hearing before President Park’s impeachment, Jay Y. Lee acknowledged that someone else may take over the collection of about 60 divisions with combined revenues equal to about one-fifth of South Korea’s gross domestic product. “I will hand it over if there is someone better than me,” he said. “I will hand it over at any time.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Pins Keystone, Dakota Pipeline Fate on Renegotiation Trump Revamps U.S. Trade Focus by Pulling Out of Pacific Deal How Trump Would Rework Nafta—and What Mexico, Canada Want in Return Trump Advancing Keystone, Dakota Oil Pipelines Today, Source Says This 36-Year-Old May Be Helping Run America Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Analyst: Apple’s next MacBook Pros will have Kaby Lake processor, more RAM New, 101 comments Rumors by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Jan 16, 2017, 7:00pm EST share tweet Linkedin Well-known Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities in Taiwan has issued a new note indicating that this year’s MacBooks will be upgraded with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors, as well as 32 gigabytes of RAM in the 15-inch model. Details from the note were published earlier by MacRumors. According to Kuo, a new 12-inch MacBook will begin production in the second quarter of this year, new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros will begin production in the early third-quarter, and a new 15-inch MacBook will begin mass production in the final quarter of the year, featuring 32 gigabytes of memory and aimed at high-end users. It’s unclear whether this last machine will fall into the “Pro” lineup or have simply the “MacBook” nomenclature. Not surprisingly, Kuo says that all new laptops are predicted to run on Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, the latest revamp in Intel’s Core family of chips. The newest MacBook Pros, released last fall, run on Intel’s 2015 Skylake processors. Of course, there are always plenty of rumors swirling around upcoming Apple products, so we take these notes with a grain of salt. But Kuo has been one of the more reliable sources out there, making accurate predictions that range from specific iPhone features to predicting the high price of a high-end Apple Watch to Apple’s whole product roadmap for the year. More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending This is LG's G6 smartphone, coming February 26th The Tinker Board is a more powerful Raspberry Pi rival from Asus This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Web Business Tech Internet provider Cox has expanded its home broadband data caps and overage fees by Nick Statt@nickstatt Internet service provider Cox Communications has rolled out its 1TB home internet data cap to five new locations around the US, the company confirmed to The Verge. While a trial began last year in Cleveland, Ohio before moving on to Florida and... New, 1 comment US & World Tech Facebook Mark Zuckerberg shoots down speculation about presidential run by Jacob Kastrenakes There’s been speculation for weeks that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is been preparing for a political run, perhaps even with eyes on the presidency in 2020. But today Zuckerberg said that isn’t the case, telling BuzzFeed News that, “No,” he has... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Apple Tech Apple Watch is getting a Theater Mode in next update by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Apple is planning on adding a new Theater Mode to the Apple Watch in the upcoming watchOS 3.2 update. According to Apple’s developer guide, Theater Mode easily allows users to mute sound and disable waking the screen when raising your wrist,... New, 2 comments Science US & World Politics Trump silences government scientists with gag orders by Angela Chen@chengela Less than a week after the inauguration, the Trump administration has already gagged employees at two federal agencies. Memos obtained by various media outlets show that scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of... New, 21 comments Entertainment TV Culture Watch the first teaser for The Leftovers’ final season by Lizzie Plaugic The Leftovers is coming up on its last season, and HBO has just released a very small glimpse of what’s ahead. The final eight episodes will see Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) leave Texas and head to Australia in search of his father, Entertainment... New, 2 comments Entertainment TV Film Why Amazon beating Netflix to a Best Picture Oscar nomination matters by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Amazon and Netflix are not only rivals when it comes to original streaming projects: now more than ever, the platforms are at loggerheads during awards season. That rivalry reached a new pitch today: Manchester by the Sea, a critical darling with... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
BMW » 2018 M4 Convertible   BMW M4 Convertible (2018) BMW M4 Convertible The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible represent the epitome of a high-performance sports car offering unrestricted everyday practicality. The six-cylinder engine with M TwinPower Turbo technology fitted as standard under the bonnet of both BMW M4 model versions generates a mighty 317 kW / 431 hp, propelling them to exceptional performance (fuel consumption combined: 9.1 - 8.3 l/100 km [31.0 - 34.0 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 213 - 194 g/km). The sportiest members of the BMW 4 Series family also boast a new look. The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible now come as standard with the adaptive full-LED headlights, complete with hexagonal graphic. The new LED rear lights again freshen up appearances and inject technical appeal. Elegant and sophisticated touches in the cabin Both BMW M4 models feature new-look, illuminated M emblems on the front seats, while chrome applications, electroplated detailing and double stitching on the instrument panel add further highly sophisticated touches in the interior. The list of optional extras for the BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible likewise includes the Navigation system Professional with new user interface, the ConnectedDrive navigation package complete with inductive charging of mobile phones and a WiFi hotspot, and Apple CarPlay preparation. ConnectedDrive navigation package fitted as standard The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible now come as standard with the ConnectedDrive navigation package, including inductive mobile phone charging and a WiFi hotspot. And the BMW M4 models also gain a start menu featuring further developed display graphics, with large, configurable tiles. Competition Package takes sporting ability to another new level Since spring 2016, BMW M GmbH has also been offering a Competition Package for both M4 body variants that brings out their dynamic character to an even greater degree. As well as measures to hone their handling properties and a variety of exclusive equipment features, the package also includes a 14 kW / 19 hp power hike to 331 kW / 450 hp (BMW M4 Coupe: fuel consumption combined: 8.8 - 8.3 l/100 km [32.1 - 34.0 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 204 - 194 g/km. BMW M4 Convertible: fuel consumption combined: 9.1 - 8.7 l/100 km [31.0 - 32.5 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 213 - 203 g/km). With extra power comes even sharper dynamics. When the optional sevenspeed M Double-Clutch Transmission is specified, the BMW M4 Coupe races from zero to 100 km/h (62 mph) in just 4.0 seconds (standard: 4.1 s), while the BMW M4 Convertible takes 4.3 seconds (standard: 4.4 s) to hit the same mark. The model variants with six-speed manual transmission also shave 0.1 seconds off the time of the same model without the Competition Package. As part of the model pdate measures, the Competition Package is now available with the option of new forged 20-inch light-alloy wheels in Starspoke 666 M style in black. Latest cars (24-01-2017) 2017 Lexus IS (20-01-2017) 2018 Ford Mustang GT Convertible (19-01-2017) 2017 Mini Countryman Cooper S ALL4 (18-01-2017) 2018 Opel Crossland X (18-01-2017) 2018 Mini John Cooper Works Countryman (17-01-2017) 2018 Vauxhall Crossland X (17-01-2017) 2018 Ford Mustang GT (17-01-2017) 2017 Hyundai i30 (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Coupe (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Convertible (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Gran Coupe (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW M4 Coupe show more... [ Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ] © 2005-2017
BMW » 2018 M4 Coupe   BMW M4 Coupe (2018) BMW M4 Coupe The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible represent the epitome of a high-performance sports car offering unrestricted everyday practicality. The six-cylinder engine with M TwinPower Turbo technology fitted as standard under the bonnet of both BMW M4 model versions generates a mighty 317 kW / 431 hp, propelling them to exceptional performance (fuel consumption combined: 9.1 - 8.3 l/100 km [31.0 - 34.0 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 213 - 194 g/km). The sportiest members of the BMW 4 Series family also boast a new look. The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible now come as standard with the adaptive full-LED headlights, complete with hexagonal graphic. The new LED rear lights again freshen up appearances and inject technical appeal. Elegant and sophisticated touches in the cabin Both BMW M4 models feature new-look, illuminated M emblems on the front seats, while chrome applications, electroplated detailing and double stitching on the instrument panel add further highly sophisticated touches in the interior. The list of optional extras for the BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible likewise includes the Navigation system Professional with new user interface, the ConnectedDrive navigation package complete with inductive charging of mobile phones and a WiFi hotspot, and Apple CarPlay preparation. ConnectedDrive navigation package fitted as standard The BMW M4 Coupe and BMW M4 Convertible now come as standard with the ConnectedDrive navigation package, including inductive mobile phone charging and a WiFi hotspot. And the BMW M4 models also gain a start menu featuring further developed display graphics, with large, configurable tiles. Competition Package takes sporting ability to another new level Since spring 2016, BMW M GmbH has also been offering a Competition Package for both M4 body variants that brings out their dynamic character to an even greater degree. As well as measures to hone their handling properties and a variety of exclusive equipment features, the package also includes a 14 kW / 19 hp power hike to 331 kW / 450 hp (BMW M4 Coupe: fuel consumption combined: 8.8 - 8.3 l/100 km [32.1 - 34.0 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 204 - 194 g/km. BMW M4 Convertible: fuel consumption combined: 9.1 - 8.7 l/100 km [31.0 - 32.5 mpg imp]; CO2 emissions combined: 213 - 203 g/km). With extra power comes even sharper dynamics. When the optional sevenspeed M Double-Clutch Transmission is specified, the BMW M4 Coupe races from zero to 100 km/h (62 mph) in just 4.0 seconds (standard: 4.1 s), while the BMW M4 Convertible takes 4.3 seconds (standard: 4.4 s) to hit the same mark. The model variants with six-speed manual transmission also shave 0.1 seconds off the time of the same model without the Competition Package. As part of the model pdate measures, the Competition Package is now available with the option of new forged 20-inch light-alloy wheels in Starspoke 666 M style in black. Latest cars (24-01-2017) 2017 Lexus IS (20-01-2017) 2018 Ford Mustang GT Convertible (19-01-2017) 2017 Mini Countryman Cooper S ALL4 (18-01-2017) 2018 Opel Crossland X (18-01-2017) 2018 Mini John Cooper Works Countryman (17-01-2017) 2018 Vauxhall Crossland X (17-01-2017) 2018 Ford Mustang GT (17-01-2017) 2017 Hyundai i30 (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Coupe (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Convertible (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW 4-Series Gran Coupe (17-01-2017) 2018 BMW M4 Coupe show more... [ Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ] © 2005-2017
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators today to get their input Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for child endangerment and sex with a teen who she called 'daddy' in text messages Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest surgeries ever performed Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Previous Next Twinning! Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner forgo undergarments as they don nearly matching sheer lace gowns for Ocean's Eight cameo By Kirby Kristen For Dailymail.com Published: 23:07 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 11:34 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 1.3k shares 821 View comments The siblings are separated by 15 years of age. But that didn't stop Kim Kardashian, 36, and sister Kendall Jenner, 21, from dressing alike as they headed to the set of Ocean's Eight in New York City on Monday night. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians stars mirrored each other's sexy look as they both stepped out in sheer lace gowns for their big-screen cameo. Scroll down for video  Similar looks: Kim Kardashian, 36, and sister Kendall Jenner, 21,  dressed alike as they headed to the set of Ocean's Eight in New York City on Monday night Twinning! The Keeping Up With The Kardashians stars mirrored each other's sexy look as they both stepped out in sheer lace gowns for their big-screen cameo, likely the Met Gala scene The reality TV stars are liking to be appearing in the upcoming film's star-studded Met Gala scene.  The plot of the highly-anticipated movie has been kept under wraps, and it isn't set for release until summer 2018.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Kim Kardashian dances along to her 2011 pop flop Jam with... Did Kim Kardashian and Calum Best have a secret fling?... Share this article Share Kim chose to wear white for the evening while Kendall opted for a silver hue of a very similar design. However, the elder Kardashian's frock was nearly completely sheer and didn't leave much to the imagination. Sexy! The eldest Kardashian's frock was nearly completely sheer and didn't leave much to the imagination Dare to bare in a sheer white maxi dress like Kim Givenchy Fall 2010 Couture Click to shop the current collection! Buy now Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner added another string to their bows this week, dipping their toes into the world of acting. Spotted on set of the upcoming film Ocean's Eight in which they make a cameo appearance, the pair weren't out of their comfort zone as the scene involved them walking the red carpet at the Met Gala. Kim sported a Givenchy Fall 2010 Couture look for the occasion, wearing a sheer white lace gown teamed with a furry bomber jacket and nude heels. With its super sexy aesthetic, designed to show off the body to the max, this is just the kind of thing Kim would wear in real life so naturally we love it! Sadly you can't buy this dress online, but you can follow the link on the right to shop the current ready-to-wear collection. Alternatively get the look for less with one of the picks from our edit of similar styles in the carousel below, including options from Sau, PrettyLittleThing and Missguided. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET ONE LIKE IT FOR LESS $26.25 PrettyLittleThing White Scoop Back Sheer Floral Maxi Dress Buy now $44.70 Nasty Gal Guest of Honor Maxi Dress Buy now $171 Missguided Bridal white lace dress Buy now $244 Sau Ella lace maxi dress at Revolve Buy now White hot: The mother-of-two looked super sexy in the all white look Confident lady: Kim's petite and trim pins were on display beneath the see-through fabric which featured floral embroidery Baby, it's cold outside! The fashionista topped off the provocative look with a cropped white fur coat and her make-up and hair were styled to perfection Kim's petite and trim pins were on display beneath the see-through fabric which featured floral embroidery. The fashionista topped off the provocative look with a cropped white fur coat and her make-up and hair were styled to perfection.  Kendall's dress was a little more demure yet similarly sheer toward the bottom showing off her famous runway legs.  A little less see-through: Kendall's silver dress was a little more demure yet similarly sheer toward the bottom showing off her famous runway legs Lovely in lace: The gorgeous metallic gown featured an intricately embroidered design from head to toe Glammed-up! Both beauties were styled to perfection in their matching looks  Details: The supermodel swept her tresses up in a classy style to show off large diamond earrings and her make-up was also ultra glamorous The gorgeous metallic gown featured an intricately embroidered design from head to toe. The top half of the design came complete with a mini-cape, and fit snuggling around her trim waistline before fanning out in an A-line skirt which featured a small train.  The supermodel swept her tresses up in a classy style to show off large diamond earrings and her make-up was also ultra glamorous.   Kim and Kendall were also joined by their youngest sister Kylie Jenner, who was also included in the Kardashian cameo for Ocean's Eight. Don't forget about her! Kim and Kendall were also joined by their youngest sister, Kylie Jenner, who was also included in the Kardashian cameo for Ocean's Eight Her own style: The 19-year-old opted for a completely different and more casual look which included a black velvet jumpsuit and a two-tone Camouflaged ski jacket All together: Kim took to Snapchat to update her followers from the back seat of a car while the trio headed to set Silly siblings: Kim shared a couple images of herself flanked by her younger siblings and all appeared in high spirits Graceful in lace: The pair posed demurely for several Snapchats as Kylie took videos of them However her style was decidedly her own and much more casual than her older sisters.  The 19-year-old opted for a black velvet turtleneck jumpsuit and bundled up beneath a two-tone Camouflaged ski jacket.    Kim took to Snapchat to update her followers from the back seat of a car while they headed to set. Kim shared a couple images of herself flanked by her younger siblings and all appeared in high spirits.  Meanwhile, Kim just returned from a whirlwind three-day tour of Dubai, but she didn't show any signs of jet lag as she was spotted out and about in NYC earlier on Monday. Flashback: In this Instagram from Tuesday Kim thanked a skin specialist in Dubai for saving her skin as she continues to suffer from psoriasis Entourage: The reality star also shared this photo of her with her assistant and pal Simon Huck Back stateside! Kim just returned from a whirlwind three-day tour of Dubai and didn't show any signs of jet lag as she was spotted out and about in NYC earlier on Monday The reality TV star left her more conservative look back in the United Arab Emirates, and opted to flash her ample cleavage now that she was back in the states.   Kim looked effortlessly polished after only just returning from her trip, which marked her official return to work after taking a few months out to recuperate following October's terrifying Paris robbery.. The mother-of-two sported winter whites from head-to-toe starting with a plunging T-shirt which barely concealed her ample bust revealing layers of gold necklaces on her tan decolletage.  She teamed the chic look with a pair of stylish taupe drawstring pants which were rolled up to reveal her fabulous footwear - tan laced-up stiletto booties.  Plunging display: The reality star left her more conservative look back in the United Arab Emirates, and opted to flash her cleavage now that she was back in the states Winter whites: Kim teamed a plunging T-shirt with a pair of stylish taupe drawstring pants which were rolled up to reveal tan stiletto booties, and topped it all off with a posh fur coat No signs of jet lag! She appeared surprisingly rested wearing a glowing face of make-up while her long brunette tresses looked freshly blown out in a super straight style The TV personality topped off her posh attire with a luxurious white fur coat for her outing in the Big Apple.  For so soon after her flight, Kim appeared surprisingly rested wearing a glowing face of make-up while her long brunette tresses looked freshly blown out in a super straight style.  While in Dubai, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star met with children at a pediatric center. Greeted by the crowd of excited young teens, who all wore her face on their shirts, Kim gamely joined them in dancing along to Jam onstage.  Polished: Kim only just returned from her trip, which marked her official return to work after taking a few months out to recuperate following October's terrifying Paris robbery While in Dubai: The TV personality met with children at a pediatric center. The excited young teens, who all wore her face on their shirts, got her to dance with them on stage All smiles: During her visit Kim also went from room to room to meet the children personally and take a series of selfies Thanks! A teen gifted her with an embroidered black abaya - a traditional long sleeved gown which is worn over a woman's clothes when outside her home in the United Arab Emirates During her visit Kim also went from room to room to meet the children personally and take a series of selfies.  There was also a gift exchange with a teen gifting her with an embroidered black abaya - a traditional long sleeved gown which is worn over a woman's clothes when outside her home in the United Arab Emirates.  Kim had worn a Sade T-shirt and ripped jeans for the outing, which she covered up later with the conservative gown as she thanked her fans. On Sunday night she boarded a plane back to New York still wearing her Sade shirt, with a thick fur coat on top. Kim looked exhausted following her busy trip, as she hid her make-up free face behind thick shades, as she made her way through the airport back home in the U.S.  Touchdown: Kim donned another fur coat and looked exhausted following her busy trip, as she hid her make-up free face behind thick shades, after landing at the airport in New York   Read more: Kim Kardashian News Plus Instagram and Snapchat Updates | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.3k shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (821) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show Private party? Brad Pitt leaves hotel alone while assistant carries out balloons and champagne... as custody battle with Angelina quiets down Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Borrowed from Kanye? Kim Kardashian steps out in oversized, wrinkled plaid shirt over lace-up leather slacks as she heads to a studio in LA 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller is 'on the verge of breakdown' in teaser clip for new season of series as she faces prison for bankruptcy fraud 'Felt so good to drop this': Star Wars director Rian Johnson shares first look at The Last Jedi's opening crawl Countdown to Star Wars Episode VIII begins Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rebecca Hall flashes more than expected as she goes braless beneath sheer black gown at Christine screening in London Dared to bare  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style 'Love Australia' Scott Eastwood raves about the country as he strikes a warrior pose while boating at sunset  Is on the set of Pacific Rim  Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will name his Supreme Court justice early next week - with three conservative judges in the running... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for... Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!': Adorable girls with different skin colors are born to a black father and a... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a stick figure comes to life   Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Wednesday 25 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » INTERNATIONAL NEWS   » 'ECONOMIES WORK FOR RICH 1pc' 8 men control same wealth as poorest half of world: Oxfam DAVOS, 8 days ago New estimates show that just eight men own the same wealth as the poorest half of the world and as growth benefits the richest, the rest of society – especially the poorest – suffers, says an Oxfam report. The very design of our economies and the principles of our economics have taken us to this extreme, unsustainable and unjust point, said the report titled "An economy for the 99%". "Our economy must stop excessively rewarding those at the top and start working for all people. Accountable and visionary governments, businesses that work in the interests of workers and producers, a valued environment, women’s rights and a strong system of fair taxation, are central to this more human economy," said Oxfam, an international confederation of charitable organisations focused on the alleviation of global poverty. It is four years since the World Economic Forum in Davos identified rising economic inequality as a major threat to social stability and three years since the World Bank twinned its goal for ending poverty with the need for shared prosperity, it noted. Since then, and despite world leaders signing up to a global goal to reduce inequality, the gap between the rich and the rest has widened. This cannot continue, it said. The report highlighted that: • Since 2015, the richest 1 per cent has owned more wealth than the rest of the planet. • Eight men now own the same amount of wealth as the poorest half of the world. • Over the next 20 years, 500 people will hand over $2.1 trillion to their heirs – a sum larger than the GDP of India, a country of 1.3 billion people. • The incomes of the poorest 10 per cent of people increased by less than $3 a year between 1988 and 2011, while the incomes of the richest 1 per cent increased 182 times as much. • A FTSE-100 CEO earns as much in a year as 10,000 people in working in garment factories in Bangladesh. • In the US, new research by economist Thomas Piketty shows that over the last 30 years the growth in the incomes of the bottom 50 per cent has been zero, whereas incomes of the top 1 per cent have grown 300 per cent. • In Vietnam, the country’s richest man earns more in a day than the poorest person earns in 10 years. Left unchecked, growing inequality threatens to pull our societies apart. It increases crime and insecurity, and undermines the fight to end poverty. It leaves more people living in fear and fewer in hope, the report said. From Brexit to the success of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, a worrying rise in racism and the widespread disillusionment with mainstream politics, there are increasing signs that more and more people in rich countries are no longer willing to tolerate the status quo. Why would they, when experience suggests that what it delivers is wage stagnation, insecure jobs and a widening gap between the haves and the have-nots? The challenge is to build a positive alternative – not one that increases divisions. The picture in poor countries is equally complex and no less concerning. Hundreds of millions of people have been lifted out of poverty in recent decades, an achievement of which the world should be proud. Yet one in nine people still go to bed hungry. Had growth been pro-poor between 1990 and 2010, 700 million more people, most of them women, would not be living in poverty today, it said. Research finds that three-quarters of extreme poverty could in fact be eliminated now using existing resources, by increasing taxation and cutting down on military and other regressive spending. The World Bank is clear that without redoubling their efforts to tackle inequality, world leaders will miss their goal of ending extreme poverty by 2030. It doesn’t have to be this way. The popular responses to inequality do not have to increase divisions. An Economy for the 99 per cent looks at how large corporations and the super-rich are driving the inequality crisis and what can be done to change this. It considers the false assumptions that have led us down this path, and shows how we can create a fairer world based on a more human economy – one in which people, not profit, are the bottom line and which prioritises the most vulnerable. THE CAUSES OF INEQUALITY There is no getting away from the fact that the biggest winners in our global economy are those at the top. Oxfam’s research has revealed that over the last 25 years, the top 1 per cent have gained more income than the bottom 50 per cent put together. Far from trickling down, income and wealth are being sucked upwards at an alarming rate. What is causing this? Corporations and super-rich individuals both play a key role. Big businesses did well in 2015/16: profits are high and the world’s 10 biggest corporations together have revenue greater than the government revenue of 180 countries combined. Squeezing workers and producers While many chief executives, who are often paid in shares, have seen their incomes skyrocket, wages for ordinary workers and producers have barely increased, and in some cases have got worse. The CEO of India’s top information firm earns 416 times the salary of a typical employee in his company. In the 1980s, cocoa farmers received 18 per cent of the value of a chocolate bar – today they get just 6 per cent. Across the world, corporations are relentlessly squeezing down the costs of labour – and ensuring that workers and producers in their supply chains get less and less of the economic pie. This increases inequality and suppresses demand. Dodging tax Corporations maximise profit in part by paying as little tax as possible. They do this by using tax havens or by making countries compete to provide tax breaks, exemptions and lower rates. Corporate tax rates are falling all over the world, and this – together with widespread tax dodging – ensures that many corporations are paying minimal tax. Apple allegedly paid 0.005% of tax on its European profits in 2014. Developing countries lose $100 billion every year to tax dodging. Countries lose billions more through providing tax holidays and exemptions. It is the poorest people who lose out the most, as they are most reliant on the public services that these forgone billions could have provided. Kenya is losing $1.1bn every year in tax exemptions for corporations, nearly twice its budget for health – this in a country where women have a 1 in 40 chance of dying in childbirth. What is driving this behaviour by corporates? Two things: the focus on short-term returns to shareholders and the increase in ‘crony capitalism’. Together we need to create a new common sense, and turn things on their head to design an economy whose primary purpose is to benefit the 99 per cent, not the 1 per cent. The group that should benefit disproportionately from our economies are people in poverty, regardless of whether they are in Uganda or the United States. Humanity has incredible talent, huge wealth and infinite imagination. We need to put this to work to create a more human economy that benefits everyone, not just the privileged few, it said. "A human economy would create fairer, better societies. It would ensure secure jobs paying decent wages. It would treat women and men equally. No one would live in fear of the cost of falling sick. Every child would have the chance to fulfil their potential. Our economy would thrive within the limits of our planet, and hand a better, more sustainable world to every new generation," the Oxfam report added.  - TradeArabia News Service Tags: economy | wealth | rich | Oxfam | More INTERNATIONAL NEWS Stories President Trump scraps Trans-Pacific Partnership Apple, Google remain top most innovative companies 39 killed in India train accident Trump sworn in as president, vows to end ‘American carnage’ Trump signs order scaling back parts of Obamacare 100 held as anti-Trump protests turn violent Trump sworn in, ushers in transformative shift US gears up for Trump swearing-in, security beefed up Trump pledges unity as inauguration festivities begin 35 fire-fighters missing after Tehran building collapse Italy hotel hit by avalance, 30 trapped Global economic growth gathers pace: IMF Cargo jet crash kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan 19 feared dead in India boat mishap Balfour Beatty Vinci names head for HS2 rail project Airbus sells its shares in Atlas Elektronik to thyssenkrupp Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 17 January 2017 | MYT 11:43 AM Microsoft’s Nadella calls for tech industry to open up AI by aaron ricadela Big on artificial intelligence: Nadella has been promoting “responsible” AI to try to ensure the burgeoning computing discipline safeguards computer users’ privacy and preserves the dignity of people and their work. — Reuters Artificial intelligence is still in a “mainframe era” in which computing power is concentrated in a few companies’ hands, Microsoft Corp chief executive officer Satya Nadella said in a presentation in Munich.  The computer industry is “worshiping” technology companies that can simulate real-world processes using AI software, but to become more useful the techniques need to be available to more users, as PCs and mobile devices over time displaced centralised computing, Nadella said in a speech at the DLD technology conference.   Microsoft’s strategy will centre around building support for AI into tools many developers can use. “We fit that identity pretty well,” Nadella said, adding that Microsoft could also build support for AI techniques into products including LinkedIn and its HoloLens virtual reality system.  Nadella, entering his fourth year as Microsoft’s CEO, has been promoting “responsible” AI to try to ensure the burgeoning computing discipline safeguards computer users’ privacy and preserves the dignity of people and their work.   AI, a set of statistical techniques that spans robotics, self-driving cars, language translation and photo recognition, has raised ethical questions about the effects of systems that inferences on employment levels, racial profiling and the role of robots in society.  Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and Tesla Motors Inc CEO Elon Musk have voiced concerns about the societal consequences of AI and cautioned prudence.  The 49-year-old CEO, who succeeded longtime CEO Steve Ballmer in 2014, has reorganised the company’s vaunted research arm around AI and shipped products including Azure cloud-computing services and tools for developers to build applications for artificial intelligence applications; software for real-time translation of spoken German, Chinese and other languages; and the Cortana speech assistant.  He’s also compelled Microsoft’s product groups to cooperate to ship products faster and has greatly expanded Microsoft software available on platforms other than Windows, including those from Apple Inc and Google. Microsoft last month closed its US$26bil (RM116.11bil) acquisition of LinkedIn Corp.  Microsoft on Jan 13 said it has acquired Maluuba, a Montreal-based AI startup specialising in analysing written content, for example sifting through businesses’ documents to find experts in given fields.  “We’re out of the AI winter,” Nadella said. Next on the industry’s agenda should be software that can more generally reason across numerous tasks. “Then you would get to artificial general intelligence,” he said. — Bloomberg You May Be Interested Samsung fourth-quarter profit jumps with record chip profit Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Time to say goodbye TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Roadside bomb kills at least 4 soldiers in Somalia town - officials AirAsia X gets FAA clearance to fly to the US Docs face uncertain livelihood advertisement Latest News Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Most Viewed in Tech TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Pokemon Go unleashed on game-mad South Korea, six months late Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents China takes 5,500 porn, violent apps offline Singapore 2G switchoff highlights digital divide Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Fingerprint Cards says former CEO arrested in market abuse probe SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results 'Star Wars' game studio adds 'Portal' designer Kim Swift Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, January 25, 2017 As of 9:00 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News ‘Google tax’ to be effective in Australia starting July 1 By Frenalyn Untalan on January 17 2017 2:32 PM 0 0 0 0 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull addresses the media during a news conference in Woolloomooloo, Sydney, November 14, 2016. AAP/Sam Mooy/via Reuters The Turnbull government is planning to enforce a 40 percent penalty on profits artificially diverted from Australia by multinational companies. This will be made possible through a so-called “diverted profits tax,” which is more popularly known as “Google tax.” It will be effective starting July 1. The Google tax will work alongside the Multinational Anti-Avoidance Law (MAAL). The latter came into effect in Jan.1. Google tax will focus on entities that have a yearly income of $1 billion or more that shift profits to offshore associates through related-party transactions with insufficient economic substance. These are the same entities that lessen tax paid on profits generated in the country by more than 20 percent. An exposure of the bill was released by the government in November, which was welcomed by the Tax Justice Network (TJN). According to the TJN, the mere way to effectively end many of the tax-minimising strategies of multinational enterprises is to look at them as unitary firms, rather than separate entities. The MAAL, on the other hand, focuses on company tax structures that intend to avoid having a taxable presence in the country. Offering a wider scope than the MAAL, the Google tax is expected to be a more powerful tool to combat tax avoidance by multinationals. Some of the largest companies operating in the land down under were criticised by the public for their profit-shifting behaviour and Google tax could potentially resolve this issue. Last year, senior executives from Google, Apple and Microsoft utilised a senate inquiry to defend these corporate entities. It allowed the majority of the revenue from their operations in the country to be taxed in a lower cost offshore jurisdiction. Australia is the second country in the world to introduce Google tax. The first was the United Kingdom in April 2015. “It would reinforce Australia’s position as having amongst the toughest laws in the world to combat corporate tax avoidance,” Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison said. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Sussan Ley to pay taxpayer-funded trips Australian Tax Office remains offline Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Australian Open 2017: Boris Becker predicts Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal final 0 Shares 2 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Return of another ‘Breaking Bad’ character confirmed 0 Shares 3 Grand Mufti calls for race hate speech laws to protect Muslims 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Jamie gets bow and arrow 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Mr Willoughby cast 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Complicated reunion 0 Shares 7 ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ Bank update 0 Shares 8 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 19, 20 leaked reportedly 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4: Ubbe is a reflection of Ragnar 0 Shares 10 ‘Wentworth’ season 5 spoilers: Danielle Cormack to appear one more time in a flashback 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Pumpkin Patch to shutter all stores by mid-February OpenText director reveals user context is key to achieving workplace efficiency Airbus flying car on experimental stage Toyota quits operations in Australia Optus closes $75 million deal with Flight Centre Dreamworld tragedy: Weak attendance at theme parks affecting Village Roadshow More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Sydney weather: few more warm nights ahead Police officers attacked, taken to hospital while arresting carjackers in Qld 3.5 metre crocodile killed a man at Cahills Crossing Queensland coroner to investigate 1972 'overdose' of Shirley Brifman 5-year-old dies from suspected methadone overdose Bourke St tragedy: Friends, family come together to honour the victims More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Roger Federer vs Mischa Zverev live stream: Watch 2017 Australian Open, start time, preview, prediction Golden State Warriors vs Miami Heat live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Rafael Nadal vs Gael Monfils live stream: Watch 2017 Australian Open, start time, preview, prediction Australian Open 2017: Boris Becker predicts Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal final NBA Trade News: Chicago Bulls struggling to move Nikola Mirotic, Rajon Rondo Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets guard says he didn't rush back in December More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'The Last Of Us 2': Politics to reflect Neil Druckmann's views 'Grand Theft Auto 6' update: Map and protagonist possibilities 'Kingdom Hearts 3': Game artist promises high quality for next chapter 2017 Year of the Fire Rooster: Meaning, characteristics of Fire Rooster ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ & Nintendo 3DS keep fans busy ‘Pokemon GO’ big update anytime soon More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'The Last Kingdom' season 2: New behind-the-scenes picture ‘The Young Pope’: Pope Pius XIII revealed why he chose priesthood ‘Veep’ season 6 air date, Trump-akin character, news: All you need to know ‘Home and Away’ spoilers: A new family arrives in Summer Bay; Billie tells the truth about her baby to VJ ‘The X-Files’ season 11 expected to premiere in 2018 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 23 – 27: Port Charles deals with budding romances, big revelations and serious threats More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  News MWC 2017: What to expect from the world’s biggest smartphone show by Ian Betteridge  |  Tuesday 17 January 2017  | Comment Now Which smartphones can we expect to see at MWC 2017? If you want to see new smartphones, Mobile World Congress – MWC – is the place to be. Taking place in Barcelona between 27 February and 2 March, the huge event normally sees most of the main smartphone vendors release their latest phones, from flagships to entry-level models. However, there’s more than just smartphones at MWC 2017. The show also sees a lot of launches of other mobile technology, such as tablets and smartwatches. And there’s an enterprise angle, too, as high-end communications companies look to sell billions of dollars of infrastructure and equipment. So what can you expect to see at MWC 2017? Here’s our list of the likely – and less likely – candidates. Samsung: Samsung Galaxy S8 The biggest event at MWC is usually the launch of Samsung’s flagship phone, with this year’s model likely to be called the Samsung Galaxy S8. Leaked images have already appeared purporting to show the device with no home button, as well as an AI assistant and much more. But there’s one cloud on the horizon with the Galaxy S8, and that’s the awful fate of the Galaxy Note 7. Samsung has yet to release its full conclusions on why Note 7 proved to be such a safety problem, but no matter what the issue was, the company will be keen to ensure that the same thing doesn’t happen with its next flagship. With that in mind, it’s likely that even if Samsung does announce the S8 at MWC, we won’t see it shipping until quite some time after the show – rumours suggest April. HTC: HTC 11 It’s been widely expected that HTC would launch a flagship phone dubbed the HTC 11 at MWC. However, the launch of the HTC U Ultra and U Play at CES almost certainly mean that we won’t see another smartphone from the company at MWC. LG: LG G6 LG has already put out a teaser for its next phone, likely to be called the LG G6. Reports indicate the phone will have a 5.7in 1,440 x 2,880 Quad HD+ panel, with a 18:9 aspect ratio and thin bezel. What the LG G6 won’t be, though, is modular. The LG G5, which we called the “cleverest smartphone of 2016” had more than a few teething troubles – enough, it seems, to persuade LG that its next phone should have a more conventional design. Sony: Sony Xperia XZ2 It’s not that long since Sony launched the Xperia XZ, so you might expect that MWC would be too soon for an Xperia XZ2. But this is Sony we’re talking about, a company that isn’t afraid to launch a lot of phones over the course of the year – after all, the XZ was the third smartphone of 2016, after the Xperia X and XA, which it launched at last year’s MWC. Huawei: Huawei P10 We loved the Huawei P9 and P9 Plus, so we’re hopeful that the recent invites to a Huawei MWC event therald a new flagship phone. Leaks have suggested that the P10 will include a 5.5in QHD display, Android 7 and a 2.3GHz octa-core processor, plus Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant built in. Hopefully, it will also regain the Leica-endorsed camera system too. Apple? One thing’s for sure: we won’t be seeing anything from Apple at MWC. The company follows its own calendar and agenda and simply doesn’t exhibit at this kind of show. However, Apple may be “involved” in MWC in two other ways. First, Apple isn’t averse to targeting its competitors by doing “spoiler” releases around the same time. We won’t see a new iPhone, and we expect the iPhone 8 to arrive at the usual time later this year. But it’s possible that we might see something like a new iPad around the same time, albeit not at the show itself. The other way MWC and Apple are intertwined is just down to rumours. MWC is the largest concentration of phone system engineers on the planet. If you have anything to do with the supply chains that feed all the mobile-phone makers, you’re probably going to be there. This means it’s fertile ground for leaks, gossip and rumours, so you can expect a flurry of information originating in the supply chain to come out of Barcelona. Even when Apple isn’t there, the company will still be a topic of conversation. Related Articles Which 2017 smartphones will ditch the headphone jack for good? Hands-on Preview: HTC U Play smartphone Review: Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Leaked images show S8 with no home button Samsung's new flagship "delayed till April" Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  htc  |  mobile world congress  |  mwc  |  samsung  |  smartphone   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Samsung’s Final Word: The Galaxy Note 7 failed due to battery failures and rushed manufacturing     Asus reveals 4K-capable Raspberry Pi competitor     A user's guide to surviving Trump     Android pre-registration opens for Super Mario Run     Review: Asus Strix Gaming X99 motherboard   More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Kit << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) NEWS This affordable attachment can turn your smartphone into a DNA sequencer << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE The 5 best Android launchers to try << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS MWC 2017: What to expect from the world’s biggest smartphone show << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Roland's on-the-go mixer gives your smartphone videos stereo sound << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE 10 ways to harden the security on your Android phone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Android tops 2016 vulnerability list - security industry says "meh!" << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Why Cyanogen’s death is a boon to Google’s control of Android << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS This orb lets you charge your phone with your body's own movements << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Dongle Dangler aims to help you never lose your iPhone 7 audio cable again << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc Handhelds News This affordable attachment can turn your smartphone into a DNA sequencer Review Review: ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Kit Feature The 5 best Android launchers to try Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify in $2… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Stumpy’s shutting down Most hated woman in U.S.? Marleau’s San Jose roots Photos: Clint Eastwood’s mansion Brady vs. Montana debate Lin-Manuel Miranda EGOT Breaking News Gov. Brown: ‘California is not turning back. Not now, not ever’ Business Technology Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify in $2 billion lawsuit that alleges Oculus stole VR technology Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy Caitlin Sullivan/Facebook Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg participated in a virtual reality session via the Oculus Rift VR system, during the Connect 3 conference in San Jose, Calif. on Oct. 6, 2016. By Queenie Wong | qwong@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 16, 2017 at 3:15 pm | UPDATED: January 18, 2017 at 6:46 am Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is expected to testify in a Dallas courtroom on Tuesday in a $2 billion lawsuit that claims the social media giant purchased Oculus even though it knew the virtual reality headset maker allegedly used stolen technology. ZeniMax Media, which owns Texas video game developer id Software, filed the lawsuit in 2014 against Oculus and its co-founder Palmer Luckey. Lawyers for ZeniMax later amended the lawsuit to include Facebook. Related Articles Facebook’s Oculus sharpens mobile focus with new VR content Oculus CEO steps down for another job within the tech firm Facebook s Oculus gets social with Samsung Gear VR Facebook closed its $2 billion purchase of Oculus in 2014 and went through with the merger even though the Menlo Park tech firm was fully aware of the allegations against Oculus, the lawsuit claims. The social media giant intended to “leverage and commercially exploit” the virtual reality technology that was stolen from ZeniMax, according to the lawsuit. Facebook-owned Oculus denied the allegations. “Oculus and its founders have invested a wealth of time and money in VR because we believe it can fundamentally transform the way people interact and communicate,” an Oculus spokesperson said in a statement last week when the jury trial for the lawsuit started. “We’re disappointed that another company is using wasteful litigation to attempt to take credit for technology that it did not have the vision, expertise, or patience to build.” In a statement on Monday, ZeniMax and id Software said they welcome the opportunity to present “substantial evidence” that will show the defendants misappropriated their virtual reality intellectual property. “That evidence includes the theft of trade secrets and highly confidential information, including computer code. ZeniMax will also present evidence of the Defendants’ intentional destruction of evidence to cover up their wrongdoing,” ZeniMax said in the statement. “ZeniMax and id Software are the visionary developers of breakthrough VR technology, and look forward to the vindication of our claims.” The lawsuit also names former Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe and John Carmack, who left ZeniMax in 2013 to become Oculus’ chief technology officer. Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here. Luckey’s involvement with ZeniMax dates back to 2012 when Carmack reached out to the college student for the prototype of Rift, a virtual reality headset. Carmack is the co-founder of id Software, which is known for developing first-person shooter video games such as Doom and Quake. Carmack and the company’s employees then transformed the headset “from $500-worth of optics into a powerful, immersive virtual reality experience,” the lawsuit alleges. ZeniMax also used the modified headset to showcase a video game developed by id Software called “Doom 3” at the E3 Convention in Los Angeles that year. Luckey then started the virtual reality company Oculus, which raised $2.4 million for the Rift headset in a Kickstarter campaign. Instead of compensating ZeniMax for the use of its intellectual property, Oculus recruited its employees, including Carmack, to join the company. It fed the media a “false and fanciful” story of a teenager who invented in his parents’ garage the technology to power a virtual reality headset, the lawsuit alleges. “Luckey lacked the training, expertise, resources or know-how to create commercially viable VR technology, his computer programming skills were rudimentary and he relied on ZeniMax’s computer program code and games to demonstrate the prototype Rift,” the lawsuit states. But Oculus claims not a line of ZeniMax’s code or technology was used in the tech firm’s virtual reality product and that the company only raised these infringement claims against Oculus after the Facebook deal “and the perceived chance for a quick payout,” according to court documents. The lawsuit — ZeniMax Media Inc. v. Oculus VR Inc. — alleges that the defendants, including Facebook, misappropriated ZeniMax’s trade secrets and infringed on the copyright of the “Doom 3” computer program and other code. It also claims that Luckey and Oculus violated a non-disclosure agreement with the company and that Carmack breached his employment agreement with ZeniMax, copying thousands of documents from a company computer on a USB device. Carmack took the witness stand last week and Luckey is expected to testify later this week. Zuckerberg has talked publicly about his big plans for virtual reality, envisioning a future where people will experience moments on social media as if they are there in person. Oculus started shipping its virtual reality headsets to consumer in 2016. Tags:  Facebook Queenie Wong Queenie Wong covers social media businesses, including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, for The Mercury News. She grew up in Southern California and is a graduate of Washington and Lee University where she earned bachelor's degrees in journalism and studio art. Follow Queenie Wong @QWongSJ Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Huge slide destroys Love Creek Falls in Santa Cruz Mountains Could Kyle Shanahan bail on the 49ers? San Jose: Pedestrian walking in roadway hit by Uber driver Is Stacey Dash today’s most hated woman in America? What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? Northern California twins sentenced to life for deadly crash San Jose: Proposal to ban display of Vietnam’s flag draws opposition Avalanche selfie: Two men buried in snow near Truckee miraculously rescued More in Technology Amazon makes streaming history with Oscar nomination for best picture January 24, 2017, 1:57 pm Amazon has an advantage over Los Gatos-based Netflix when it comes to the high-profile Oscars. It seems to have paid off, as Amazon is the first-ever streaming service to get an Oscar nomination for best picture. Amazon moves to avoid EU fines over publishing contracts January 24, 2017, 7:17 am Amazon has agreed to change parts of its e-book contracts with publishers in an effort to avoid European Union fines for anti-competitive behavior. Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans January 23, 2017, 2:44 pm Weeks after IBM CEO Ginni Rometty said Big Blue would hire thousands, reports surface alleging the company is cutting jobs and sending jobs overseas. Yahoo’s Verizon sale delayed as firm beats Wall Street expectations January 24, 2017, 6:21 am Yahoo’s sale to Verizon has been delayed, as Yahoo announces earnings that beat Wall Street expectations. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion Hannah Montana occupies the mouse that feeds her Rick Robinson Author, Writ of Mandamus 4:39 PM 12/01/2011      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 2953425 Finally, Occupy Wall Street has a voice. After months of irrelevant banter and confusing rhetoric, someone is ready to lead. Different organizations have attempted to gain control of OWS, but now the destiny of the movement is clear. A voice for Occupy Wall Street has stepped up. It’s time is now. Ladies and gentlemen … Miley Cyrus. Yes, Miley Cyrus has offered her support for Occupy Wall Street. This week on her website, the social conscience of a generation released a video “dedicated to the thousands of people who are standing up for what they believe in.” The video posted by Cyrus edits Occupy Wall Street video clips over her song “Liberty Walk” from the CD “Can’t be Tamed” — available at Best Buy (NYSE-BBY) for $9.99. Someone needs to take Miley aside and explain to her that the only reason she is relevant is because she made a shitload of Wall Street dough off the “Hannah Montana” franchise, a fictitious corporate nom de plume created for her by Disney (NYSE-DIS). Without The Mouse’s creation of Hannah Montana — movie available at Target (AMEX-TDTF) for $8.19 — Miley Cyrus would be covering “Achy Breaky Heart” in the lobby of the Hampton Inn (NYSE-HIL) in Ashland, Kentucky. I have no particular animosity towards Miss Cyrus. Last week at her nineteenth birthday party she admitted to being a “stoner.” This was following an earlier video of her smoking “legal” pot from a glass bong. For those of us who went to college in the ’70s — a generation one toke away from being an entire graduating class of Lindsay Lohans — her smoking habit is almost endearing. Miley Cyrus’s support for Occupy Wall Street points out the absurdity of the entire protest. Back in June, M Magazine declared Miley Cyrus to be the richest teen in the world and placed her personal wealth at $120,000,000.00. That’s a lot of zeros for someone who wants to show support for people who hate greed. Don’t blame Miley Cyrus for the hypocrisy of OWS. Just peruse the pictures from the various OWS locations. Participants in the Wall Street bash-a-thon are drinking Starbucks (NASDAQ-SBUX) coffee, talking on their Apple (NASDAQ-AAPL) iPhones and browsing the Internet on their Hewlett Packard (NYSE-HPQ) laptops. The fact of the matter is the Occupiers — just like Miley Cyrus — are addicted to corporate America. The irony of people protesting greed while drinking $5.00 cups of coffee is priceless. The great philosopher, Pogo, once said, “We have met the enemy and he is us.” Of course, after he said that, Pogo was fired and is now living in a tent in Zuccotti Park. The thought that protesters support the very system they despise must send a chill right through their North Face (NYSE-VFC) jackets and Ugg boots (NASDAQ-GS). Somewhere in Seattle, Howard Schultz, the CEO of Starbucks, is looking at a picture of a protester drinking a cup of his coffee and laughing his ass off. Tags: Miley Cyrus, Occupy Wall Street, Rick Robinson Next Page Continued on Page 2 >> 1 2 Hide Comments   Show 1261 comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 The Secret Service Might Need A Tougher Screening Process 4:33 PM 01/24/2017 Our Children Are Watching (Except When Democrats Misbehave) 2:07 PM 01/24/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday January 25, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Hunter Valley Morning: Tuesday, September 23, 2014 23 Sep 2014, 7:30 a.m. Good morning. Dog walkers have been warned to keep their pets on leads until after Christmas because of the threat from snakes and CCTV funding falls through. Good morning. Dog walkers have been warned to keep their pets on leads until after Christmas because of the threat from snakes and CCTV funding falls through.  8.55am: A national campaign designed to improve mental health literacy among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people will be launched in Maitland in a bid to help those battling with anxiety and depression. 8.45am: After guiding Maitland the the minor premiership/grand final double and top-flight promotion, outgoing coach Graham Law had one final gift at the club’s presentation ceremony on Friday night. Justin Broadley capped off a successful year with the Maitland Magpies best player award. 8.25am CESSNOCK: Karen Lucas of Weston and Noelene Vitnell of Aberdare will take part in the Weekend to End Women’s Cancers in Sydney in November. Karen Lucas of Weston and Noelene Vitnell of Aberdare 8.15am: Merena McLaren has shared the joy of music with children for more than 30 years.  Merena McLaren who has been recognised for her contribution to school arts. 8.05am SINGLETON: Meet the seven young women will vie for the 2014 Singleton Showgirl crown. Sophielee Marchant 8am: Rutherford and Maitland will have to wait for CCTV security cameras if the federal government is to foot the bill. 7.45am: First Fleet descendant Roma Loretta Whybin of East Maitland took a trip into her family's past during a horse and carriage ride around Morpeth for her 80th birthday. Roma Whybin of East Maitland took a trip into her family's past during a horse and carriage ride around Morpeth for her 80th birthday. 7.30am: The valley can expect patchy fog early this morning. Sunny afternoon. Light winds becoming E/NE 15 to 20 km/h in the afternoon. Daytime maximum temperatures in the low to mid 20s. 7.26am SCONE: Cleve Olsen of Dubbo knows a thing or two about axes and the art of wood chopping.  At 70 Cleve Olsen, not only has he spent decades perfecting his craft as an axeman, he is now dedicated to seeing the traditional sport of wood chopping continue to flourish through to the next generation. 7.25am: It's sitting at about 9 degrees in Maitland at the moment.  7.22am: The sexual health of Maitland's young people has come into focus with a new free clinic designed to combat the rate in transmitted infections. The sexual health of Maitland's young people has come into focus with a new free clinic designed to combat the rate in transmitted infections. 7.15am: Grahme Jenkins said he was driving with Poochie over the levee at Lorn on Saturday morning when he saw a giant snake sunning itself. Grahme Jenkins with his dog Poochie was confronted by an eastern brown snake near the Hunter River at Lorn. Good morning. Need a national news snapshot first thing - well, we have you covered. Sad news on the NSW south coast where a 10-year-old boy died after a sand dune collapsed on him, the latest developments involving the Islamic State, all the wash up from Monday night's surprise Brownlow Medal result, and, by way of light relief, a TV reporter dropping the F-bomb and quitting live on air. MANDURAH, WA: It was the result none of the experts predicted; West Coast Eagle Matt Priddis claimed the 2014 Brownlow Medal. Read more + check out the red carpet photos Brownlow Medallist Matt Priddis. Photo by Getty Images. BALLARAT, VIC: Your cheap bread comes at a cost. Woolworths' decision to slash its home brand white loaf price to 85 cents could “wipe out” local businesses, a Victorian baker says. Read more NEWCASTLE, NSW:  A Hunter Valley winery has been fined more than $200,000 over the explosion that claimed the lives of winemaker Trevor Drayton and welder Eddie Orgo. Read more NATIONAL, QLD: For 80 minutes in November, the most powerful man in the world will be able to add Brisbane airspace to the list of things under his control. Read more NATIONAL: Wow. Half of the men and one third of women in Australia will be diagnosed with cancer by the age of 85. Read more WOLLONGONG, NSW: When you think of Wollongong, a one-time steel city on the east coast of Australia, does downtown Manhattan come to mind? Perhaps it should, says Wollongong's mayor. Read more BATHURST, NSW: A central western NSW diocese is currently involved in legal action over failure to repay a $24 million debt. Read more CUTE ALERT: Yes, they are dandelions and, yes, also emu chicks. Awwww, thanks @@WboolStandardhttp://t.co/ZtFmvlno4Npic.twitter.com/ekk4ISVVOO— Fairfax Regional (@FairfaxRegional) September 22, 2014 WODONGA, VIC: Life without the internet for more than a year is starting to take a toll on school, work and family life, say two Victorian mothers. Read more BENDIGO, VIC: How would you feel if your council spent $28,370 on a seat. The City of Greater Bendigo has - and it's defended its decision. Read more MAITLAND, NSW: A man will be sentenced in November after pleading guilty to spitting on a taxi ­driver as he unleased an alcohol-fuelled, racial tirade ­on him outside Maitland train station. Read more EDEN, NSW: A 10-year-old Wyndham boy has died after school holiday fun went tragically wrong near Eden on Monday. Read more and watch the video 6am: Morning all, we'll get the coffees in - short black? CANBERRA: Islamic State's rallying call for its followers to kill all non-believers in the West is designed – as always – to terrorise, but the diatribe from its chief spokesman released on Monday is also revealing in betraying the weakness and fears of the terrorist group itself. Read more BALLARAT: Incidents of sexual assaults, bullying and threats have been reported as impacting students and teachers in Ballarat’s public school system during the past four years. Read more ORANGE: A councillor is appalled and embarrassed a hospital the size of Orange’s has no designated palliative care unit. Read more MELBOURNE: Check out the greatest ever AFL moments and vote for your favourite in our poll too. Click here  CANBERRA: Australians have been warned that their freedoms might have to be restricted for the sake of national security, as the government prepares to introduce counter-terrorism laws to crack down on Australians fighting for militant or terrorist groups. Read more SYDNEY: Banks and credit unions are in close talks with Visa to work out whether they will have to give up some of their estimated $9 billion in payments revenue to Apple. Read more Dissolving Parliament. Kidding, kidding. It's just a paracetamol. #DontPanic— Elizabeth Windsor (@Queen_UK) September 22, 2014 NEW YORK: Australia has restated its commitment to reduce its carbon emissions by 5 per cent below 2000 levels by 2020, at a meeting of the top 17 economies in New York hosted by United States Secretary of State John Kerry. Read more LONDON: If you've ever caught the Tube, you just might have wondered ... can I run between one stop and the next on the Circle Line and pick up the Tube again? It's a game called #RaceTheTube. Watch until the end for the commuters' reactions! UNITED STATES: Another day, another nude celebrity photo hacking experience. This time 28-year-old Texan Amber Heard is among the victims. She is, of course, the fiance of Johnny Depp. Amber Heard with fiance Johnny Depp in May this year. Caley McPherson, an Eden Marine High School HSC student, is a writer in the making. She entered a short story competition and finished up carrying off first prize. The title of her award-winning piece? "The Escape". Read more Instagram: Tag your photos of daybreak, your community, your life #regionaloz Twitter: Follow us at @FairfaxRegional Facebook: Fairfax Regional Media Latest News Motorcyclist dies near Stroud Miners host day at dogs for Miles Nature at its finest: MacKenzie Falls Sydney Now: Wednesday, January 25, 2013 Man attacked with dogs, set on fire in Wollongong, police say Editor's Picks Airshow to honour pilot Gerard Beiboer | PHOTOS, VIDEO FLASHBACK: Woolworths bombing 1980 | PHOTOS The Elf on the Shelf is back | PHOTOS High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Springfest returns Saturday | PHOTOS Popular FLASHBACK: Woolworths bombing 1980 | PHOTOS High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Roos behind fences during Great Race Get on the buses to avoid any problems Done just in the nick of time Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Fairfax Front Pages | Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Today's Fairfax Front Pages from across the nation. Man charged after crews battle Kurri Kurri fire A Weston man has been charged with arson in relation to a fire that raged out of control ... The best of Tamworth Country Music Festival | DAY 5, PHOTOS You don't know country music until you've been here. Coalfields bushfires over 2016/17 summer | photos, interactive Between November 2016 and January 2017, there have been five bushfires in the Coalfields area. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Ag and Rural Celebrations Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad ALEX BRUMMER: If you think Trump's been bold so far, you ain't seen nothing yet!   By Alex Brummer for the Daily Mail Published: 19:47 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 20:05 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 91 shares 228 View comments On Friday, in the chilling cold of a Washington winter, Donald Trump will stand on the West portico of the Capitol to be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. Aged 70, he will be the oldest man ever to take the oath of office. The emergence of this garrulous property mogul and TV personality — someone with no direct political experience — as the world's most powerful figure is the greatest political upset of modern times. Some have compared his rise to that of Ronald Reagan, a former B-movie actor. There are undeniable similarities, but Reagan was an experienced politician — having been California governor for two terms and a long-standing presidential candidate surrounded by a sophisticated team of advisers. Trump's journey was largely achieved without the help of a formal political machine, with a low-cost campaign and the incalculable contribution of Twitter to spread his message. On Friday, in the chilling cold of a Washington winter, Donald Trump (pictured) will stand on the West portico of the Capitol to be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States Offended In a break with tradition for Presidents-elect, instead of using a residence opposite the White House, he's been working in his cluttered office in Trump Tower in Manhattan, where he was photographed for his interview with Michael Gove. What's more, Trump has behaved during the transition period with the same degree of imperial impetuosity and unpredictability as he did during the election campaign. For example, we've witnessed his refreshing view that Britain has been 'so smart' to get out of the EU and that we are 'doing great'. Not holding back, he said the EU is 'basically a vehicle for Germany' and condemned Angela Merkel for making 'one very catastrophic mistake' by admitting more than one million migrants. He's also gone into battle with Washington's intelligence services and the media after lurid and unsubstantiated claims that he hired prostitutes to defile a Moscow hotel bedroom where the Obamas had slept. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next DAILY MAIL COMMENT: A truly global Britain is May's Brexit... The Obamas start moving out of the White House: Moving vans... Share this article Share All the while, he's been blithely tweeting his views on everything from the cost of a new Air Force One fleet to the use of nuclear weapons. He's waged war on General Motors — the company that most symbolised America's industrial might — and, in the process, encouraged Ford to reverse a decision to build a new £1.3 billion plant in Mexico (a country which he's said 'brings drugs, crime and rapists to America') and locate it instead in Michigan. Americans expect Trump to fulfil his promise to 'drain the Washington swamp' and, in many ways, he is creating a government that is splendidly novel in its willingness to think out of the box. Whereas many of today's politicians are afraid to say what they believe for fear of being branded politically incorrect, the Trump administration promises to be refreshingly honest. For example, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is so self-confident that he's happy to make significant policy statements on the hoof. He certainly offended key figures in the British Establishment when he pointed out that Brexit is not just an opportunity for the City of London, but for other financial centres planning to displace London as a world leader in financial services. Trump said the EU is 'basically a vehicle for Germany' and condemned Angela Merkel for making 'one very catastrophic mistake' by admitting more than one million migrants He, like other Trumpites, has little time for the banal neutrality of modern politics. How invigorating it is also to see the lobbyists and PR experts who so infest modern political systems be given the cold shoulder. No wonder the liberal establishment voices of the New York Times and the main television networks are seething with anger — fearful their prevailing values will be replaced with ones which they consider to be out-dated, misogynistic and racially insensitive. Their self-righteous causes such as multi-culturalism and treating global warming theory as a religion are about to be brutally bulldozed. The most intriguing aspect of Trump is that no one in business, or Washington politics, knows where the next assault will come from. In fact, Trump and his team have been plotting what is being billed as a Week One Revolution after his inauguration. Without mercy, huge elements of the system left by Barack Obama will be demolished. The most obvious target is reform of Obamacare, the centrepiece of the outgoing president's eight years in office and intended to provide affordable health insurance to 24 million people too poor to pay for medical care. The fact that Trump will be aided by a Republican-dominated Congress means he can undo his predecessor's work at the stroke of a pen. Here, the example of Ronald Reagan is instructive. In his first week in office, Reagan intervened dramatically on energy policy and encouraged a new age of oil-drilling, which led to reduced prices for business and householders. He also famously ended an air traffic controllers' strike by sacking the whole workforce and replacing them with U.S. Air Force specialists. Among the major reforms set to be made by Trump — a climate-change sceptic — are to incinerate greenhouse gas emission targets; suspend the Syrian refugee settlement programme; prepare prosecutions against China over trade violations; and consider fewer background checks on gun-owners. At the core of so-called Trumponomics is a pledge to raise America's growth rate from the mediocre level of 2 per cent or less since the Great Recession to match the past glories of 3 or 4 per cent. Radical Without mercy, huge elements of the system left by Barack Obama will be demolished That means a bonfire of all the regulation, tax and trade policy that Trump is convinced is stifling America plc. It will also entail ending austerity and launching a huge public investment programme. Here are seven key areas earmarked for radical reform: - Energy and climate change: An axe to Obama's beloved green agenda. Coal mining firms in West Virginia and Kentucky who have faced closure now expect to be kept open. Full steam ahead for more fracking, oil-drilling, pipeline construction and exploration in areas of natural beauty. - Slash taxes: Contrary to popular opinion, the U.S. has the highest corporate taxes in the Western world at 37 per cent. Trump aims to cut company tax rates to 15 per cent. He'll offer big incentives to U.S. firms currently investing abroad to return their money to America. Middle income tax-payers will be offered a cut and death duties will be abolished. - Free Wall Street from over-regulation: Trump promises to scrap many of the 30,000 pages of rules that financiers say suffocate trading. - Spending spree: In echoes of the New Deal of Franklin D. Roosevelt after the Great Depression of the Thirties, Trump wants a $1 trillion building programme to repair the country's crumbling infrastructure of potholed motorways and decaying city centres. - Trade wars: He's on record as having threatened to impose a 45 per cent tariff on Chinese imports, and his choice of anti-China trade officials has sent an uncompromising message to Beijing. Companies that move production and jobs to Mexico (General Motors) or who sell goods to Iran (aircraft-maker Boeing) have been told they will face 'consequences'. - War on Silicon Valley: The tech giants who act as if they're more powerful than the nation state are in Trump's sights, and he'll challenge the monopolistic powers of Amazon, Apple and others. - Foreign policy: Trump disdains America's traditional security alliances and prefers the approach of Roosevelt, who forged deals with whoever it was necessary to navigate the U.S. through World War II. He also admires how President Nixon struck a nuclear weapons deal with the old USSR. For the past two years, much of the focus has been on the personal shortcomings of both presidential candidates — with Trump and Hillary Clinton having exchanged blows like a pair of punch-drunk boxers. But, for all his shortcomings, Trump was the radical candidate. His policies incorporate ideas and approaches used by some of the great presidents of the 20th century. He is already being compared with Theodore Roosevelt, with the great wartime leader Franklin D. Roosevelt and with the Right-wing, free marketeer Ronald Reagan. Whether Donald Trump, with his dictatorial and narcissistic tendencies, can deliver change in the same way is the biggest question of our time. Share or comment on this article e-mail 91 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (228) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager  'I want to be tiny again!' 'Starving' Lauren Goodger proudly displays 9lb weight loss... after revealing she's living off 'cans of tuna' 'Sat here in tears!' This Morning host Phillip Schofield exits live interview to bond with heroic four-year old boy who saved his mother's life 'This is a masterpiece': Multitasking Rebekah Vardy is praised by fans for breastfeeding newborn son Finley while getting glammed up in 'inspiring' snap...  What a great Tommy Hil-FIGURE! Tanya Burr shows off her fantastic physique in designer swimsuit while larking around during Miami break Nadia Sawalha FINALLY reveals why she has worn the same top eight times in a row on Loose Women... after fans speculated she is PREGNANT 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Taking a pop?  Bella Hadid displays her ample assets and pert posterior in semi-sheer number as Kendall Jenner stuns in strapless minidress during PFW Positively glowing! Pregnant Rochelle Humes dresses her blossoming baby bump in eye-catching kaftan for shopping trip  Expecting second child La La Land ties Oscar record with 14 nods and takes on Hidden Figures and Moonlight for Best Picture as Emma Stone rivals Natalie Portman for Best Actress Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Nostalgic mood 'The things I'm gonna do to you': Jamie O'Hara and Bianca Gascoigne share a steamy smooch in the CBB toilet... as footballer vows to get her 'in my bed' 'I'm just not ready to believe it': Carol McGiffin reveals her younger sister Tracy has died just four months after being diagnosed with cancer Danniella Westbrook shows MAJOR underboob in a blue and white tasseled bikini as she suns herself on a yacht in Marbella Spilled out of her bikini  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she has flown 162K miles, taken 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone 'No one is f***ing interested!': Nicola McLean blasts Jedward for acting like '10-year-olds' when they dress up in pizza boxes in the CBB house 'That pain is the deepest': Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals devastating heartbreak over losing four children as nasty trolls call her 'barren' 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nom Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels' Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London Looked casually cool  Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend... two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Photographed by Testino The Saturdays' Frankie Bridge flaunts her cleavage in sweet bohemian dress before posing in a leggy beachside snap during Maldives holiday  'There were a lot of midnight snacks!': Joe Pasquale claims Gemma Collins cheated with strict diet on Sugar Free Farm... as he playfully calls her a 'pig' 'What a beautiful moment!': Emmerdale viewers gush over Aaron Dingle and Robert Sugden's 'loving' kiss as assault drama brings them closer together Lily-Rose Depp shows off natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after walking in the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Missed out Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Caution to the wind Kissy for his Missé! Former TOWIE star Jake Hall puckers up with girlfriend Beqiri as she flashes some serious cleavage during Parisian break 'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for dog walk... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Plenty to look at Cheeky! Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Cute pair Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Tongue-in-cheek video 'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Later scooped the Tony Award  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in New York Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram 'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on New interview Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bikini babe Holly Hagan swaps hair extensions and skimpy outfits for the girl-next-door look in a dramatic TV makeover after saying she wants to ditch 'porn star' look Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him 'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills Left her long blonde hair loose  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white... after ZERO received nods last year 'I'm overjoyed!' Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thanks to the Academy Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards Home-grown stars 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance in Beijing Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod  Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime  Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller leaves rehab after one month as her mother says the reality star is 'committed to staying healthy' Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen  Looking low key  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra Love of dressing up began at a young age  Back in the game? Aaron Paul not-so-subtly hints that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul Given the game away I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial Everyone's watching for the ads   Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Sundance Film Festival She's a cover up girl! Carol Vorderman keeps warm in chic quilted jacket as she flashes glimpse of her tanned and toned pins after TV appearance Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock for Longines horserace ceremony  Singer performing his own rendition of Stevie Wonder's hit Superstition is left totally stunned when the legendary singer hits the stage and joins in Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter says she was diagnosed  in September Hoping it will workout? Danielle Lloyd beams as she leaves the gym... after being labelled a 'b***end' by Maria Fowler amid CBB criticism Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley The Teen Mom 2 star posted cute photo  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Living life in the fast lane! Smitten Duncan Bannatyne, 67, and stunning fiancée Nigora Whitehorn, 36, check out a flash Bentley during Paris trip 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm actually chilled!': TOWIE's Megan McKenna claims she's not the 'nutter' people think she is... despite her EPIC meltdowns 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Injured at work 'It was distressing on so many levels': Alesha Dixon gets emotional about animal cruelty in Thailand... as she rocks chic suit for TV appearance Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake and Sting at Oscars after La La Land Best Song nods Trinny Woodall, 52, reveals her 'double cleansing' skincare regime in her latest beauty tutorial (but fans are more interested in her £1,200 bath robe) Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's Couture Paris Fashion Week show Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show 'They call her a s**g!' Courtney Wood trolled over girlfriend Jessica Cunningham's flirty antics with Calum Best on CBB... and he will DUMP her if they kiss 'I was physically and mentally tortured from the age of 12 to 18': Chloe Khan claims her 'abuser' has teamed up with her stalker to hack her Instagram Spencer Matthews praises 'fantastic' Millie Mackintosh after THAT on-screen slap... as he plays it coy on whether she and best bud Hugo Taylor will wed next year EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of child custody battle after battling it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says Meryl Streep sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination By BAZ BAMIGBOYE Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Charlotte Crosby flaunts her cleavage as she poses in JUST a white shirt for racy bathroom selfie... after admitting she wishes her boobs were smaller Bottoms up! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis flashes her pert posterior in a backless swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Sydney Treated her followers 'Feeling so grateful': Crank actress Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old what it's like to be a 'real princess' on children's hospice visit Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Proud mother! Stylish Vanessa Paradis shows her support as daughter Lily-Rose Depp takes centre stage at Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris Braless Bella Hadid is extremely bold in a completely see-through ball gown at Christian Dior masquerade bash in Paris Proud of her body American sports broadcaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Underwent emergency surgery 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after joking about phone 'hacking'  The walking wounded: Judy Finnigan cuts a solemn figure as she accompanies injured husband Richard Madeley on a country walk NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year She's not doing it for the money 'He wanted to rob, rape or worse': Kimberley Garner reveals she hid in a wardrobe during terrifying home intruder ordeal in Los Angeles Left her terrified 'If we were lucky enough it would be wonderful': Christine Bleakley's hopes for children with 'amazing father' Frank Lampard... after first anniversary 'I would crawl in bed with him!' CBB's Stacy Francis reveals she'd take things 'right to the edge' with Calum Best but wouldn't have sex with him on TV Find me my Mr. Right! Ferne McCann is dressed to impress in strappy black dress as she films scenes for Celebs Go Dating Dating on television  At least he turned up! Trainspotting's Robert Carlyle is in good spirits for Lorraine... as co-star Ewan McGregor pulls out of GMB over Piers Morgan comments Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to football I'm not listening! David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones with wife Victoria in Paris as they head back to London together Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward, 25, as they celebrate his 37th birthday in Florida On Miami Beach 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Adopted the cat together 'She's a b***end!': Maria Fowler SLAMS Danielle Lloyd as she claims pal Nicola McLean is 'mugging off husband Tom Williams' with flirty CBB antics 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March So nice, she wore it twice... 13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party She hasn't aged a day Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with tune to debut on reality show 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'I want a big wedding': Lauren Goodger talks marriage plans and claims she already knows jailbird beau Joey Morrison better than all her exes Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again  'I will absolutely step up!': Jeremy McConnell insists he will support Stephanie Davis's newborn son if a paternity test reveals he is the father EastEnders fans express shock after horrific bus crash rocks Albert Square... as some viewers brand latest plot 'insensitive' in light of recent terrorist attacks Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'I heard that he might be the dad': Marnie Simpson makes outlandish claim 'Geordie Shore's Scotty T fathered Stephanie Davis' newborn son' 'I nearly broke Jamie's fingers': Rebekah Vardy introduces baby Finley to the world alongside footballer beau as she opens up about difficult labour Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new drama Taboo' Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognisable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture She's outgrown her child actor days 'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian Scarlett Moffatt flaunts her newly-slender figure in shimmering skintight leggings as she enjoys a family trip to Disneyland Paris Big kid at heart 'It will be back this year': Great British Bake Off 'can start filming again after Channel 4 battle with BBC' Ready, set, BAKE Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his GMB appearance 'because he disagrees with host's Women's March protest comments'  Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mother Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband Christian... after giving birth to son Monty Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  The 28-year-old oozed confidence  Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job . The name's Mendes... Mrs Mendes: Bond director weds glamorous classical musician with a hush-hush blessing held at a country church  That's showbiz, kid! Naomi Watts is nominated for WORST actress at the Razzie Awards following Divergent Series: Allegiant and Shut In How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in shearling aviator coat... but doesn't look happy when her flash car receives a parking ticket Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood (and models a £4,550 gown and coat with WELLIES) Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The 41-year-old action star concludes her role Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Has been moonlighting as a 'zombie' warrior EXCLUSIVE: 'He didn't even send a message!' Amir Khan's brother reveals his 'bitter disappointment' after sex-tape row boxer missed his wedding  Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive abs She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line 'I haven't felt safe in my own home': Chloe Khan reveals terror over 'terrible stalker' who hacked her Insta.. as she goes back online after hospital stint She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Treated her daughter  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate in public Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious as she shares tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at club 'There'll never be another Rene': 'Yvette's' tribute to 'Allo 'Allo star Gorden Kaye - the 'shy, gay, overweight boy' who became an unlikely heartthrob - dies at 75 La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Three-night television miniseries  Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store The Danish Girl star looked stylish 'Look how stunning these shoes are!' Katie Price discovers video of mini-me daughter Princess sneakily strutting around in her sparkling black heels PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Looked chic in winter wear What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC Looked every inch the Hollywood star 'This girl is a beast!' Jesinta Campbell earns praise as she shows off her washboard stomach and toned arms skipping in SWELTERING heat Earned praise from fans  Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times 'Together we are strong!' Pregnant Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' Valentine's Day is approaching in just over three weeks... Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Upcoming comedy Warning this royal pud could be seriously bad for your health: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's tv . Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Was naked aside from bikini bottoms PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically dressed pal... days after split from Danielle Campbell Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London As 'Allo 'Allo! fans mourn Gorden Kaye, we look at what the rest of the stars did next (from acting alongside Johnny Depp to starring in Grange Hill)  Who's that Guy? Australian Actor Pearce, 49, looks noticeably lean and tired as he promotes new LGBT miniseries in L.A. SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? US Vogue editor's daughter-in-law poses with visible baby bump   Family first: Olly Murs enjoys a trip to Disneyland Paris with relatives... days after speaking out over his long-running feud with twin brother Ben . 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner 'She really doesn't need to be seeing tweets like this': Rebekah Vardy blocks abusive troll for 'wishing her newborn son was stillborn' 'If I need to change my new implants then I will': Lauren Goodger reveals she's keen to have ANOTHER boob job following weight loss Until she's 'perfect' 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters I'll be ready Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test Showing her stripes! Vlogger Tanya Burr displays enviable hourglass figure in funky high-waisted bikini as she tops up her tan in Miami EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm happily single': Vogue Williams shoots down romance rumours with former Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear Who needs Gigi Hadid? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamour is 'within every woman's reach' Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying  Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child The acting couple are also engaged to be married Millie Mackintosh puts on incredibly leggy display in leather skirt and thigh-high boots as she cosies up to Hugo Taylor at Ralph & Russo party in Paris Stephanie Pratt teases her ample cleavage in semi-sheer lace top as she steps out in style at the Debretts 500 Party in London Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of the BRIT Awards... after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's cancer' 'I was a violent man': CBB's James Cosmo tells Stacy Francis of his dark past in candid heart-to-heart Hollywood star admitted he had a murky past  Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation Nicole Bass and Ross Worswick get steamy on new Ex On The Beach as he licks vodka off her lips... leaving his love interest Harriette Harper fuming Scott Disick's 'ex' Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on Bondi Beach Timothy Spall shows off his newly-slim figure in sharp grey suit as he joins co-star Andrew Scott at the London screening of their new flick Denial Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend EXCLUSIVE 'They're looking in the US': Sam Faiers 'viewing LA mansions after selling her Essex home'... despite family backlash to her moving plans Chloe Ferry 'allowed to leave the CBB house early to honour Geordie Shore commitments'... leaving housemates furious over her 'special treatment' Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Let Him Shine! Graham Norton cuts a dapper figure in a navy wool coat alongside his mother Rhoda in Dublin Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook Kaley Cuoco is not letting the rain stop her from obtaining a healthy spirit What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose In a fresh teaser for next week's episode Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag Melissa George arrives for Schiaparelli Couture show in Paris in first public appearance since alleged domestic violence incident with Jean-David Blanc Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico Supermodel Toni Garrn flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra as she holidays in Mexico  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Red hot! Laura Dundovic flaunts rock hard abs and pert cleavage in TINY string bikini beachside  Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch 'We waste so much time feeling anxious rather than just being in the moment': Singer and TV presenter Alesha Dixon takes our health quiz Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London Well she IS an Angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Tallia Storm teases at her toned midriff in slashed crop top and high-waisted trousers as she makes her glamorous arrival at the Debretts 500 Party Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm . EXCLUSIVE: Ring of fire! Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back to her when he proposed for the second time  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her tattooed baby bump days ahead of due date 'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame in high rise trousers as she promotes Sidney Hall at Sundance Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death 'How will he find us?' Michelle Williams was 'inconsolable' when she moved out of home she shared with Heath Ledger Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose' as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club Expecting with Cheryl Next story Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  82 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
