Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « DC Legends adds new content just in time for Wonder Woman's blockbuster film release | Main | Nintendo brings Splatoon 2 and Arms tournaments to E3 and here are all the details » Thursday Jun012017 Apple developers have earned over $70 Billion since 2008 Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 9:15AM Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion USD since the App Store launched in 2008. The App Store is home to the most innovative apps in the world and in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 per cent. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Games make up the most popular types of apps on the App Store with 25% of the total, followed by business, education, lifestyle and entertainment. From breakout hits like Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discover and experience new apps and games every day on the App Store. Since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect, such as giving a friend a Starbucks gift card using Apple Pay, collaborating on a fashion design sketch using Prêt à Template, or making someone smile with an endless assortment of stickers.  Subscriptions as a revenue stream With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year over year. Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight.  App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Canada, News, developers Email Article in Apple, Apple Beat, Breaking news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « BlackBerry KEYone now out of stock in US | Main | Motorola Moto Z2 Play and new Moto Mods coming to Canada in June » Thursday Jun012017 Swift Playgrounds 1.5 offers expands coding education to robots, drones & musical instruments Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 3:31PM Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3, Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favourite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.”   “Today we’re combining efforts with Apple to provide even more students around the world with the opportunity to learn how to code,” said Esben Stærk Jørgensen, president, LEGO Education. “We’re pairing the familiar LEGO bricks and our hands-on approach to playful learning found in LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 with Swift Playgrounds’ powerful learning platform so now anyone can program their LEGO MINDSTORMS creation with real Swift code.”   Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Apple Swift Playgrounds, Canada Email Article in Apple, Apps & Launches, Events and Launches, Press release Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Saturday, June, 03, 2017 serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Apple sees 70 percent increase in downloads in one year By Express News Service  |   Published: 02nd June 2017 05:06 AM  |   Last Updated: 02nd June 2017 05:06 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Image used for representational purpose only. (File photo |Reuters) BENGALURU: Apple has earned over $70 billion since it launched its App Store in 2008, the company announced on Thursday. With an ever increasing number of people downloading different kinds of apps, the downloads itself have grown over 70 percent over the last one year, it said. That suggests, given that Apple generally takes 30 per cent of sales through its App Store, Apple’s App Store has sold $100 billion of software in its history. The App Store’s active paid subscriptions are also up by 58 per cent year over year.  Users are subscribing in huge numbers to various services such as Netflix and Hulu and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight, among other services.   Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice-president of Worldwide Marketing said, “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple, which has set out to increase its footprint in India, will soon begin the initial production of the iPhone SE in Peenya in Bengaluru, with the help of Taiwanese manufacturing company Wistron Corp. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery IN PICS | How to tame a wild elephant run amok Preparing the traditional seviya for Ramadan arrow Videos How to make chicken shammi kebab New Yorkers celebrate iftar in front of Trump Tower arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Apple’s (AAPL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Longbow Research June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Longbow Research in a note issued to investors on Thursday. Several other brokerages also recently commented on AAPL. Argus reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Hilliard Lyons increased their price objective on Apple from $147.00 to $170.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price objective (up from $165.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective (up from $160.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $177.00 price objective (up from $161.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $159.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.27% on Thursday, hitting $153.18. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 16,400,358 shares. The stock has a market cap of $798.66 billion, a PE ratio of 17.97 and a beta of 1.26. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $148.81 and a 200-day moving average of $132.01. Apple has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. On average, analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.65%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple’s (AAPL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Longbow Research” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/apples-aapl-buy-rating-reiterated-at-longbow-research.html. In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total transaction of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 141,325 shares in the company, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 430,705 shares of company stock worth $64,608,919 over the last three months. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of AAPL. American Beacon Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Apple during the first quarter worth $117,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $127,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Apple by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 921 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 432 shares during the period. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $146,000. Finally, Odey Holdings AG raised its stake in Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business Home LBoard Saudi leads Arab allies in cutting ties with Qatar FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70 billion AFP | June 2, 2017 Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. SAN FRANCISCO: Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week’s annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story MH128 passengers talk about mid-air drama Swedish entrepreneur trademarks Trump’s cryptic ‘covfefe’ ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Putera Harry buka puasa di Singapura Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock Apple’s fight with Qualcomm could hurt the iPhone 8 Chris Mills @chrisfmills June 1st, 2017 at 5:42 PM Share Tweet Apple has been locked in a bitter dispute with Qualcomm, a major chip manufacturer that has historically supplied the wireless modems for the iPhone. According to a new report, Apple’s legal dispute with Qualcomm is going to have an effect on iPhone 8 components, and Apple might have to substitute some Qualcomm chips with Intel components. Given the inferior quality of the Intel chips in last year’s iPhone 7, that’s not good news. Don't Miss: 10 best new movies and shows coming to Netflix in June According to a Digitimes report, Apple will shift supply of iPhone baseband modems away from Qualcomm and towards Intel, starting this year. The report says that 50% of the iPhone 8 modems could be supplied by Intel, with that number rising to 70% for the 2018 iPhone lineup. Intel’s modems have historically been cheaper but worse-performing than Qualcomm’s solution. A worse modem means less power efficiency but also a worse cell signal with lower speeds — all important things for Apple, especially considering new LTE technologies are being deployed this year, and wireless speed is set to take on a new level of importance. Qualcomm generally supplies the modem for every Android flagship worth talking about, and the iPhone’s reputation is all about reliability and speed. Apple could be forced to make a bad choice here: make an unpleasant legal settlement with Qualcomm, which would likely eat into Apple’s profit margins; or accept an inferior component in nearly half of its brand-new iPhone range. Apple’s dispute with Qualcomm is related to the licensing fees Qualcomm charges for its patents. Qualcomm’s intellectual property is used inside every single iPhone — which Apple acknowledges — but Apple contends that Qualcomm charges unreasonably high patent fees. Apple has sued Qualcomm over the issue in the past, and even instructed its manufacturing partners like Foxconn to stop royalty payments to Qualcomm. The chip manufacturer has countersued in the Southern District of California; if the case there fails, Qualcomm could even take the issue to the US International Trade Commission, and seek a ruling banning the import of iPhones into the US. Nothing’s yet indicated that Qualcomm is prepared to go that far. But the rumors about Apple shifting as much of supply as possible away from Qualcomm is telling. Apple’s bunkering down and preparing for a war with a vitally important component supplier; let’s just hope iPhone customers don’t get caught in the crossfire. Tags: Apple, lawsuit, qualcomm View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project By Yoni Heisler 11 hours ago Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now By Mike Wehner 4 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple’s Siri-powered Echo competitor’s key selling point: It’s an Apple product 05/31/2017 at 4:38 PM by Brad Linder 6 Comments Amazon may have launched the smart speaker market with the introduction of its first Echo device a few years ago. But these days you can also opt for a Google Home with similar functionality, and soon you’ll start to find speakers that use Microsoft’s Cortana voice assistant. Apple wants in on the action too. There’ve been rumors for a while that the company was working on a smart home/speaker solution that uses Apple’s Siri virtual assistant software. Now Bloomberg reports that Apple could unveil the speaker as soon as next week, although it isn’t expected to ship until later this year. So what would a Siri-powered speaker have that devices powered by Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant, or Microsoft’s Cortana don’t? According to Bloomberg, two things: A virtual surround sound feature Integration with Apple’s ecosystem That first one sounds like a gimmick, but I’d be happy to be proven wrong. The second one? That’s pretty important. Amazon did just announce that its Alexa-powered devices would be able to sync with iCloud calendars. But Apple’s system will probably go much further by integrating with iTunes, Apple Music, iCloud, and HomeKit, just to name a few services that iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and Mac owners may already be using. Essentially, Apple already has an ecosystem of products that work well together. While you could certainly buy a Roku and use it in an Apple-centric home, an Apple TV might be a better solution if you’ve already invested in a bunch of Apple apps and services. Likewise, you’d get limited cross-device functionality if you purchased an Amazon Echo. But if you buy a Siri speaker? It’d just work… with all of your other stuff. In that way, Apple’s first smart speaker doesn’t actually have to be better than the competition. It just has to sync with your other stuff better… assuming your other stuff comes from Apple. But Apple does probably need to offer something in this space. If demand for smart home speakers continues to rise and Apple doesn’t provide its own solution, then iPhone and Mac users might opt for a competing product… and decide that when it comes time to sign up for a streaming music service, for instance, to spend their money on a Spotify, Google, or Amazon Music subscription rather than an Apple Music subscription. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 6 Comments on "Apple’s Siri-powered Echo competitor’s key selling point: It’s an Apple product" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member YCAU Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. This meme that Apple “just works” needs to go away. I hate my Macbook Pro, and it finds new ways to fight with me every day, it seems. My latest battle is out of order keystroke interpretation; I hit cmd-space to open Spotlight and type “term” to open the terminal, but instead, the text goes into the chat program I had open and then the Spotlight window appears. This is on top of all the hacks I had to do to get certain folders to show up in Finder and for the ability to change the dock on student computers. This is on top of the unreliability of the Apple TV, the crazy iPad-killing software updates I’ve been through, and just general shoddiness of the software for the overpriced hardware. I don’t see the benefits of the Apple ecosystem, having lived in most corners of it. Vote Up10Vote Down  Reply 4 days 4 hours ago Guest cnxsoft Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I have yet to use an Apple product, let alone buy one. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 4 days 59 minutes ago Member Josh L Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Assuming most of this stuff is reliable info, I really hate what Apple has become – products that offer nothing more than the competition, “me too” clones to follow trends instead of leading the pack, quality tends to vary (which was never an issue with Apple before), and they only rely on the brand to justify the price tags. Vote Up5Vote Down  Reply 3 days 20 hours ago Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. The issue for Apple though is that many of its users actually prefer and use Google services. Or for music a handful of third party options which remain popular despite Apple Music – or whatever it’s called. iMusic? All in all Apple has more money than god and a huge user base which will buy and also pay more just because it says “Apple” on it. So they will be just fine. They could probably stop selling anything at all and turn higher profits than most companies in the world just by managing their massive asset pile. All that aside though it’s clear something has shifted both at Apple and in the public consciousness about Apple. The name itself used to be a killing word. Now it’s more just a name. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 3 days 15 hours ago Guest sam khan Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Apple had better come up with some pretty amazing things with the Siri speaker. The market is Amazon’s to lose, with 11,000 skills, some 70+% market share, and an ever widening product portfolio in this space. Look for an Amazon Echo Show product geared for kids (it’s a no brainer), and more services for elderly people (that SNL AARP spoof on the Echo may be a preview of things to come). Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 3 days 14 hours ago Member mark Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Integrating with things that are apple only is a backwards step – especially failures like icloud, or its fragmented multiple music systems (and who uses itunes anymore). If you need every product to be from the same company, it’s not working well. I’m sure the minority of apple mugs will have to buy it, but it doesn’t mean it works better than anything else. And for the rest of the planet that don’t use apple, it offers nothing. The joke is that “siri” is powered by Bing! As is Alexa too. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 7 hours 45 minutes ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, Drones Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, Drones By Angela Moscaritolo June 1, 2017 05:24pm EST 10 Comments Apple's Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with third-party devices like Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic ball, and Parrot drones. Watching videos of Boston Dynamics' robots on YouTube is fun, but have you ever wished you could be the person behind the controls? With Apple's help, you might soon be on your way to programming and controlling the next Handle robot. Cupertino on Thursday announced that its Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with popular robots, drones, and musical instruments, offering "an exciting new way to learn to code." The app is meant for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple's programming language for building apps. Apple said a Swift Playgrounds update slated to launch on Monday will let users connect the app to Bluetooth-enabled devices like the Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic ball, Parrot drones, Ubtech's Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, Dash by Wonder Workshop learning robot, and the Skoog musical cube. Following the update, users will be able to "instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones, and instruments through Swift Playgrounds," Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, Craig Federighi, said in a statement. Related The Best Programs to Learn to Code of 2016 The Best Programs to Learn to Code of 2016 More than 1 million kids and adults already use Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of Swift coding, Apple said. The update (Swift Playgrounds version 1.5) will be available as a free download in the App Store. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air, iPad Pro and iPad mini 2, and later models running iOS 10 or later. Apple last month released a free app development curriculum designed for high school and community college students. The full-year curriculum, available as a free download in Apple's iBooks Store, was designed by Apple engineers and educators to teach students how to design apps using Swift. Back to top Previous : How This California Town Keeps Traffic Moving AT&T Offers Unlimited Data, DirecTV Now for $70 Per Month Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Valve Sets Steam Direct Fee at $100 Per Game Steam Greenlight will become Steam Direct, and Valve will charge developers $100 per game. More » Waymo Moves in on Uber (Again) With Self-Driving Truck Plans Waymo is testing how its technology can be integrated into trucks, it told BuzzFeed. More » Hack of Password Manager OneLogin Exposes User Info A hacker broke into systems for the 'US operating region' and stole sensitive user data More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home WWDC More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | Jun 1, 2017 3:00 AM PT Opinion Apple’s WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Delayed production schedule could result in blockbuster... WWDC 2017 wish list: iOS 11 features that would take the iPhone and iPad to... Should Apple dump Lightning from the iPhone 8? The cases for and against Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions It’s the week before the kick-off of Apple’s product year at WWDC in San Jose. This is a week full of wish lists, rumors, speculation, and wild ideas. Next week all of that will collapse into one single truth: the reality of what’s unveiled on stage in San Jose. Gamblers know this feeling. Once the result is known, all of the probabilities collapse to the cold, hard truth of winners and losers. With that theme in mind, this is not another WWDC Wish List. Rather, consider this a report on the current odds of various WWDC predictions coming true. This is all in fun, ladies and gentlemen, so please: no wagering! Sure bets The surest bet at any WWDC is that Apple will unveil the next generation of all of its operating systems, due to ship in the fall. Yes, it’s a near certainty that Apple will announce details about the next versions of iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Another near-certainty: Apple likes to please its audience, and at WWDC (unlike the invite-only media events Apple holds the rest of the year), the audience is primarily Apple developers. So you can count on Apple making some announcements that are focused on getting whoops of applause from the assembled developers. That will likely come in a verbal commitment to professional Mac users—and pretty much every developer for Apple’s platforms uses a Mac to get their job done. Apple Expect to hear a lot about Apple services like iCloud. Apple has been hyping the growth of its Services revenue line with Wall Street a lot recently. Services are a major growth area for Apple, and while it’s easy to lose sight of them when we’re all hyped up for new hardware and software announcements, it’s hard to imagine that Apple’s various services won’t be a recurring theme of the keynote. We’ll hear about iCloud, iCloud Photo Library, and Apple Music... a lot. If you’ve been paying attention to the last couple of years of tech-industry stage events, it’s clear that the large tech companies (especially Apple) have heard the criticism that their stage presenters are overwhelmingly white and male. Apple has been slowly changing the mix of their presenters, bringing in new faces including more women and people of color. The usual suspects will be on stage, of course, but it’s not much of a bet to predict that we’ll see a bunch of new faces on stage as well. Finally, I’m not going to accept any bets about the fact that Apple will continue something it’s been doing at most of its major events for the past two years: defining what Apple Watch is good at. Since the first what-doesn’t-it-do event in September of 2014, Apple has been working to give the product more definition. Health and fitness have both been areas of focus, and I expect to see those enhanced, perhaps joined by one or two more. Apple is still in the process of defining the Apple Watch, and that process will continue. Informed speculation Go to the race track and you’ll find someone who thinks they have a hot tip or inside information about what’s to come. (Disclosure: I’ve never been to a race track, but I’ve seen “Seabiscuit” and “The Killing”—that’s good enough, right?) Rumors serve the same purpose for laying WWDC odds. Some rumors are always right, but all rumors are never right. The trick is knowing which rumors are more likely to come true. Adam Patrick Murray A new iPad Pro announcement? Seems likely. Lately the rumor mill has been bubbling about the possibility of Apple unveiling a new iPad Pro at WWDC, a replacement for the existing 9.7-inch model, with a higher-resolution screen. Normally I’d be skeptical of such claims, but the iPad Pro hasn’t been updated in more than a year and these rumors suggest this product has been ready to go for some time now. Meanwhile, fans of the iPad Pro have been restless, since the major additions of pro features in iOS 9 were followed by almost no new pro features in iOS 10. It makes sense for Apple to introduce a new iPad Pro at the same time as trumpeting its commitment to the iPad via a bunch of major new pro features in iOS 11. That’s why I think this rumor is fairly likely to come true. A bunch of laptop updates are also thick in the rumor mill, and it’s true that the MacBook is in need of an update. But the rumors also suggest that Apple might put new chips in the existing MacBook Pro models, which were just released last fall. That seems surprising—but it does fit with one of my sure-thing themes of the event, which is Apple showing a bigger commitment to its professional users, especially developers. Telling a crowd of developers that Apple is rapidly updating its pro laptops is a demonstration of Apple’s commitment, and would be met with cheers. IDG An Amazon TV deal with Apple has made the rumor mill, but is it worth mentioning during the WWDC keynote? At these events Apple loves to talk about amazing entertainment deals it’s made. The trick is, even if Apple’s willing, are its partners? It would make sense that Apple would trumpet some coup on stage, whether it’s related to its original TV series efforts, a deal with Amazon to return to the Apple TV, or a content deal in the music or video spheres. Rumor has it that the Amazon deal is a go; it just gives me pause to consider that the relationship between the two companies has been repaired to the point where Apple promotes it on stage at a keynote. Finally, there are lots of rumblings out there that a Siri Speaker might be in the offing at last. I’m lukewarm on this rumor—it could happen, but Apple could also hold off until fall, when the product is rumored to be ready to ship. But given the heat around voice assistants in general, it seems highly likely that Siri will be a star of the show. Apple can extend the SiriKit extensions it added last year that give developers direct integration with Siri, improve Siri on the Mac, and disclose new Siri features it’s been working on. If there’s a hardware tease on top of that, all the better. Tough calls It would seem like an easy call to predict that many of the features Apple introduced in the past year—dual-camera support, the Touch Bar, Messages stickers and apps—will be improved. Sometimes Apple keeps moving new technology forward—and other times it walks away for a while. A good example is iPad multitasking, which was launched with iOS 9 and was unchanged in iOS 10, and might get some work in iOS 11, or might not. Predicting that last year’s introductions will be this year’s improvements is a risky game. Adam Patrick Murray Will there be time in the keynote to introduce a new standalone keyboard with a TouchBar? I’ve seen predictions of new Apple input devices, most notably a Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar or Touch ID support. It sounds like a good idea to me, but there’s already so much hardware rumored for WWDC that it’s hard to see this as being a product Apple would devote keynote time to. The longshots Then there are the longshots. Every year something outlandish, something we would never have predicted, ends up coming true. But most of these predictions end up dead and forgotten—or filed away for predictions at a future Apple event. Without going into detail, here are my longshots for WWDC 2017. I don’t think they’re going to happen, but they could! Apple skips a cycle for one or more of its platforms, rather than incrementing its version number and declaring it a new feature. No new watchOS update, perhaps, or tvOS. This would seem to be inconsistent with Apple’s behavior, but Apple’s been doing a lot of zagging where it used to zig. macOS drops the California placenames and joins iOS in lockstep at version 11. I have a hard time seeing Apple do this, but does anyone really need to use macOS 10.13 Joshua Tree? “iOS 11 and macOS 11” sounds a lot better. This year’s the year, though. Forlorn Apple hardware gets some love. Would the Mac mini get an update? Would the Apple TV get upgraded to 4K? Would the Mac Pro, which is coming back next year, get a mention? It’s all possible, but not likely. Hints of VR or AR functionality. This stuff seems a long way off, but could Apple wrap some augmented-reality-like feature into the iPhone Camera app and show it off knowing that it’s really dipping its toe into AR? Or what about a VR strategy based around the iPhone, somehow? Unlikely, but never say never. Major new Mac features. Most macOS updates these days are about keeping the Mac platform in sync with Apple’s others. What if Apple made major changes on the Mac, with new features that made the Mac better at its job, despite the lack of connection to iOS? Look, I told you these were the longshots. But we can hope, can’t we? To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: WWDC Macs iOS iPhone iPhone/iPad OS X MacOS Sierra Jason writes about Apple at Six Colors and podcasts at Relay FM and The Incomparable. Before that, he was the lead editor at Macworld for more than a decade. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 64°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, June 4, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Nintendo Switch shortages may be Apple’s fault Entertainment Weekly Thursday, June 01, 2017 Credit: Entertainment Weekly comments Apple is proving to be a problem for Nintendo and its wildly popular Switch console, according to a new report. Nintendo is experiencing Switch shortages due to low supply of critical components, like memory chips that store data and liquid-crystal displays, which Apple is gobbling up for its own products, The Wall Street Journal is reporting, citing sources who claim to have knowledge of the problem. Those sources told the Journal that strong consumer demand for Apple’s existing iPhone 7 line of devices, as well as work on upcoming handsets from the technology giant, leave little supply for other companies, like Nintendo. The Nintendo Switch has proven to be one of the year’s biggest hits. The console allows users to play games on their televisions, but can also be detached from a dock for mobile play. The device is currently unavailable at major retailers, and whenever new stock is made available, it quickly sells out. Nintendo has said that it’s working as hard as it can to get new supply to customers, but it’s been slow going. Nintendo hasn’t commented on why supply isn’t ramping up to the degree some might like, and has instead touted the strong demand for its hardware. However, the Journal‘s sources suggest that Apple, which makes some of the world’s most popular products, has far more power in the supply chain, thanks to the massive number of units it orders from suppliers. Apple’s orders, therefore, are being fulfilled before others, leaving Nintendo to wait in line. The Journal‘s sources said that Nintendo could respond by spending more on parts, but the move could push its console pricing to more than its current $299 price — something the company is apparently unwilling to do. Still, there are no signs of when Nintendo might overcome its Switch’s supply troubles. The company has said that demand will likely will remain strong through the end of the year. Meanwhile, Apple might not present many opportunities for Nintendo to jump the line. The iPhone maker is rumored to be planning three new handsets this year, and many analysts have said that 2017 could represent a “super-cycle” for Apple due to exceedingly high demand for its next handsets. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Related Articles Kathy Griffin dropped from Squatty Potty ad campaign over Trump photo Donald Trump’s ‘covfefe’ tweet becomes literal overnight sensation Kathy Griffin bloody Trump pic defended by photographer More On: Entertainment Weekly Nintendo Apple Inc. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories automotive RX just what doctor ordered jim mahoney business & markets Business & Markets technology Nintendo Switch shortages may be Apple’s fault real estate Trending Now UK police say they have arrested 12 people in east London over London Bridge attack Cohen: Lefty celebrities display their hypocrisy Jimmy Piersall, ex-Red Sox All Star who played with Ted Williams, dies at 87 .@HowieCarrShow: Baker a broken record of disappointment SideTrack: Shakira, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Adriana Grande and more... Carr: Baker a broken record of disappointment After London terror attack, Ariana Grande concert in Manchester will go on as planned Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Leisure Home LBoard Saudi leads Arab allies in cutting ties with Qatar FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant AFP | June 2, 2017 Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple’s digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device — speculation about which has been swirling for months — could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant — this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft’s digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to home village Robbie Williams and Black Eyed Peas join Manchester benefit gig ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Putera Harry buka puasa di Singapura Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Curiosity rover's crater 'offered multiple microbe-friendly environments' Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Software Apple Swift Playgrounds admit robots Gated community sees life beyond its borders 1 Jun 2017 at 21:29, Thomas Claburn Taking another tentative step toward openness, Apple says it will tweak its Swift Playgrounds educational coding app to interface with programmable toys, drones, and musical instruments. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update is scheduled to drop on Monday, June 5, in Apple's App Store. That happens to be the first day of the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, where Swift will figure prominently. According to Craig Federighi, Apple's senior veep of software engineering, more than a million people around the world have explored Swift programming through the Swift Playgrounds app. He contends that the ability to create remote control code for devices has significant educational value. It's almost as if he's observed the possibilities that have been playing out for years between devices like the Raspberry Pi and programming languages like Python and JavaScript. Swift Playgrounds will be able to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots, such as Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+, several Parrot drones, Ubtech's Jimu, Wonder Workshop's Dash, and Skoogmusic's Skoog instrument. Apple needs to seed the next generation of Swift developers because it has been losing to Google in schools. It saw its iOS US K-12 market share drop from 19 per cent in 2015 to 14 per cent in 2016, according to Futuresource Consulting. Its macOS educational market share meanwhile slipped from 6 per cent to 5 per cent. At the same time, Google's Chrome OS saw its share of the US education market grow from 50 per cent to 58 per cent. Since its introduction in 2014, Swift has risen faster in popularity than any other programming language since Redmonk, a consultancy, began tracking such data. But its meteoric rise has slowed somewhat. "While the language appears to be entering something of a trough of disillusionment from a market perception standpoint, with major hype giving way to skepticism in many quarters, its statistical performance according to the observable metrics we track remains strong," Redmonk co-founder Stephen O'Grady wrote in March. Part of the pause may be related to Swift's unsettled foundation. Swift 4, expected this fall, is scheduled to include breaking changes, which keeps Objective-C in the picture for libraries and frameworks. And Google's recent adoption of Kotlin as a first-class language could strengthen the headwinds. Kotlin provides a modern, approachable syntax like Swift, but because it can run atop the Java Virtual Machine or be compiled into JavaScript, it already has an installed base, in the form of Java/Android developers. Swift's fans may be hoping for further lift from corporate backers outside Apple, like IBM. But IBM's extensive support for Java suggests it wouldn't mind if Kotlin ends up outshining Swift. Opening Swift Playgrounds up to outside devices makes sense, but Apple should look beyond raising the profile of its newfound favorite programming language. The company's caution with regard to interoperability – exemplified by its HomeKit strategy – leaves it looking like a laggard. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment MORE Apple Programming Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Apple finally teaches Android music app to validate certificates Cupertino's so keen on Android it took eight months to repair interception bug 3 Comments Apple fights off iTunes patent spat appeal That bit where you said we didn't have to give them $500m – stick with that 7 Comments Apple blocks comms-snooping malware Leaked developer certificate revoked, protection updated 12 Comments Nokia, Apple lawyers make peace over nasty IP wrangle Unspecified lump sum heading for Finland 24 Comments Apple asks FCC to let it run mm-wave tests - for backhaul?! No, Apple is not practicing to be carrier. This is how you horn in on 5G 10 Comments Apple kills its Stores 18 Comments Whitepapers Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Secure Mobile Development Best Practices Covering the vulnerabilities hackers might use to launch an attack, and remediation tips that you can use to build security into your app. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Top Reasons NetBackup Beats Veeam NetBackup unified data protection protects all data no matter where it lives: virtual, physical or in the cloud. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware Microsoft Master File Table bug exploited to BSOD Windows 7, 8.1 Spotlight At the feet of the Great Monad, or, How the functional programming craze plays out Distro watch for Ubuntu lovers: What's ahead in Linux land The eternal battle for OpenStack's soul will conclude in three years. Again Bye bye MP3: You sucked the life out of music. But vinyl is just as warped Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web Windows 10: Triumphs and tragedies from Microsoft Build The real battle of Android's future – who controls the updates Sorry Google, it's boring old workloads that are pumping up AWS and Azure, not sexy AI Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop → Here’s How To Track The Smartphone Apps That Are Tracking You Posted on June 1, 2017 by Joe from MassPrivateI Fast Company – by Glenn Fleishman When it comes to websites, we have ever more sophisticated techniques at our disposal to block the ads that sometimes track our wanderings around the internet. But most of us spend much of our time these days in mobile apps that offer no transparency on how we’re being tracked or sold–nor tools for blocking that behavior. We must rely on operating system makers–primarily Apple and Google–to promulgate guidelines to developers on legitimate practices when it comes to tracking behavior, asking for personal information, and transferring data to remote servers. OS makers are also responsible for enforcing those requirements. The rules in place are very broad, and except for abuses that can be quickly checked by in-house reviewers, come into play most often when users and researchers report violations. Apple’s rules, for instance, require that apps must obtain someone’s permission before transmitting personal data, and have to describe how and where the data will be used. Apple doesn’t police these rules by performing network communication interceptions or demanding to audit remote databases. (The company declined an interview for this story.) “When applications ask for permissions, that is not really done in a manageable way,” says Franziska Roesner, an assistant professor in computer science and engineering at the University of Washington, who researches computer security and privacy. “iOS doesn’t know necessarily whether it’s reasonable for an application to use your location, and that’s why they ask the user,” she says. Apple has to rely on a developer’s disclosure as to what’s being done with that location data. Some of Roesner’s work tries to match up an app’s purpose and interface elements with the kind of permission being asked, to make sure a request isn’t misused. Many developers embed functionality in the form of third-party analytics packages and ad-technology code, which may associate seemingly innocuous user details with information collected from other sources. Thus, even if the data sent from an app seems benign in isolation, it might uniquely identify a user or be used for purposes that the developer is unaware of. Developers typically haven’t audited this code and couldn’t tell you in detail what it does. A recent case study was the app Meitu, made by a firm of the same name, which applies anime-like styling to people’s facial photos. The free app was available in China for years, but an English-language version went viral. When security researchers examined the software’s innards, they found that it was laden with analytics and ad packages, only some of which were linked to working code, and that it asked for extensive permissions in Android and iOS. Meitu told me at the time of the kerfuffle that it included certain geolocation and app-checking code to comply with advertising network requirements in China, where jailbroken devices can be used to defraud advertisers, and advertisers may demand that their messages be geofenced to appear only in certain regions. Apple confirmed that the app was and remains in compliance. This Haystack Project visualization provides a stark picture of the extent of mobile app communications with other parties, benign or otherwise. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission can’t intervene on behalf of consumers unless there’s a suspicion that a company has either broken a law regarding information privacy, including COPPA (the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule), or that a company has made a representation about what it does and lied. The FTC’s site has a page on its lawsuits and results on data privacy, including ones related to apps. So what’s a user to do? Academics are on it. Two complementary efforts, which are in the process of cooperating further, will turn more control over to those with mobile devices to monitor app connections, helping to expose bad actors and poorly designed private data security transfers, and allow scrubbing private information or blocking it altogether from being sent. LISTENING IN ON YOUR BEHALF A team led by Northeastern University’s Dave Choffnes, an assistant professor in its College of Computer and Information Science, developed ReCon, a sort of virtual private network (VPN) for personally identifiable data (PII in the field’s jargon). Unlike a regular VPN, which protects data in a secure tunnel between a user’s device and a data center or corporate server to prevent snoopers, ReCon also uses the VPN connection to act as a scanning proxy to examine all the data passing between your smartphone and the rest of the internet. It works by installing a network profile in iOS or Android, just like regular VPN services. ReCon can fully examine the contents of the unencrypted connections, which would also be in the clear for anyone on a public Wi-Fi network or other points of network interception when a VPN isn’t in use. Choffnes and his colleagues found some surprising practices. For instance, he says, GrubHub unintentionally sent user passwords to Crashlytics, a Google-owned firm that helps developers pinpoint code failures. When informed, GrubHub revised its code and had Crashlytics delete all the associated data that contained passwords. The group extracts data from app communications, and tries to determine what parts of it are PII. This is both harder and easier than it might sound. Most data is sent in a structured way, using an API and often in the standard JSON format, which groups data into a label (the “key”) and its associated value. But the team also applies machine learning, allowing it to identify PII more broadly, even when it appears without using any standard structure format, or shows up in surprising places. The ReCon project publishes some data derived from a few hundred early users, listing apps, the kind of data they passed, a severity score, whether a developer was notified, and when misbehavior was fixed (if indeed it was). For those who have installed the app, ReCon has a web-based console that allows users to block or modify information that’s sent. For instance, a user can block all examples of a given kind of PII, or block all location data sent from a given app. However, because some apps fail without location coordinates, the team is looking into coarsening GPS information instead of blocking it entirely. An app’s backend still gets relevant information, “but other parties aren’t able to pin down where you are to a few meters,” Choffnes notes. Of course, examining a flow of data from users itself raises massive privacy red flags, which is part of the evolution of ReCon. Its creators don’t ask for passwords, try to avoid storing the values sent, and check only to see whether, say, a password is obviously being passed without encryption. The group ultimately wants to perform distributed machine learning without users disclosing private or secret information, such as domains they’re visiting. BEFORE IT EVER GETS OFF THE PHONE The Haystack Project, a collaboration at the International Computer Science Institute (ICSI) at the University of California, Berkeley, among multiple academic institutions, starts with an Android app that captures data right at the source. (It’s not yet available for iOS.) Like ReCon, Haystack’s Lumen Privacy Monitor app acts like a VPN, but it shunts data internally, rather than sending it off the device for analysis. Because it’s in user control, the app can be given permission to intercept https connections and analyze everything sent between apps and servers. ReCon, sitting outside the device and the network, can’t, although it can identify a connection went to a particular destination, the rough payload size, and the frequency of communication. The Lumen app monitors what Android apps do with your data. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, a researcher at ICSI, says that the fact that Lumen doesn’t send data off the device means that its developers have to be more careful about bogging down a smartphone with processing tasks. At the moment, the tool measures and reports what apps are doing, though it could offer blocking controls in the future. The app reports back fully anonymized pieces of information, allowing researchers to understand the kind of personal information that’s being extracted and transmitted. “We’re seeing tons of things like some applications linking the MAC address of the Wi-Fi access point as a proxy for location,” says Vallina-Rodriguez. (A base station’s MAC address identifies it uniquely, and is used by Wi-Fi location databases run by Apple, Google, and other firms.) While certain kinds of personal data requires an app to trigger Android to ask for user permission, “we have found applications and third-party services that are somehow using inside channels without user awareness,” says Vallina-Rodriguez. He notes that an Android file that contains a variety of system-information details, like buffer size, may also have unique network identifiers, including an IP address, and that’s being sent without user consent. Fortunately, the two projects have both a friendly competition and plans for collaboration. The efforts will likely remain separate, but incorporate aspects or associate data to get a bigger picture about app behavior. And the ReCon team would like to develop software for a network appliance, a Raspberry Pi that would act as a sniffer or proxy or firmware for a network router, to let someone see the interactions across all network devices—especially Internet of Things equipment, which have all sorts of privacy and security issues of their own. Both ReCon and Lumen are working on obtaining more funding to improve the projects and make them viable for a large-scale consumer rollout. [Photo: Unsplash user Oliur Rahman] POLICIES INSTEAD OF GOBBLEDYGOOK As informative as RecCon and Lumen are, what apps are doing with our data remains an impenetrable subject. Many privacy experts and researchers point to the use of dense legal documents to define disclosure without those being linked to verifiable discrete elements that software (or humans) could check. The privacy disclosures are nearly impossible for typical users to parse, and even lawyers trained in the field might need to devote hours of effort to confirming whether they’re being followed. Choffnes notes, “The privacy policies, which is what they’re claiming they’ll do, tend to be written in a very broad way,” which gives them wiggle room to avoid running afoul of FTC deceptive business-practice regulations. The more vague they are, the less chance they’ve failed at disclosing information they grab. “As long as you disclose, almost anything goes,” says Stacey Gray, the policy counsel at the Future of Privacy Forum, a group that pulls from industry, consumer advocates, and other stakeholders. “If you’re not being deceptive in your policy, you can do almost anything.” Where matters become especially murky, she says, is where data usage is “unexpected, inappropriate, or sensitive.” A restaurant-finding app might ask for location to give you recommendations around you. But if it’s also selling your location as a revenue stream without disclosing so, “that’s unexpected or inappropriate.” You wouldn’t give up that right intentionally, but it could be easily hidden in a miasma of legal terminology. Gray also points out unintended consequences, where the app maker and a third-party ad tech network could both act within reasonable terms, but an unrelated party could violate privacy. She cites a situation in May 2016 in which a company claimed to be able to use advertising targeting to find women in the vicinity of Planned Parenthood clinics and serve them ads about anti-abortion religious counseling services. That action is possibly legal, but certainly not desirable by the users, ad networks, or publishers involved. (The service’s operator said he could place ads on Facebook pages; Facebook stated it could find no record of him or its ads.) The same conflicts that have driven the ad-blocking wars make it unlikely that the business models behind mobile apps will provide more transparency, making the research behind ReCon and Lumen all the more important. As Choffnes explains, “Most of the advances in this area are coming from academia; these are things that are a clear public good and would not come out of the business community, because their incentives are aligned to promote this behavior instead of consumer privacy.” https://www.fastcompany.com/40407424/smartphone-apps-are-tracking-you-and-heres-how-to-monitor-what-they-know Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 716 ← Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop → 4 Responses to Here’s How To Track The Smartphone Apps That Are Tracking You # 1 NWO Hatr says: June 1, 2017 at 2:26 pm There’s an easier solution. Don’t get one in the first place. Reply The Rev says: June 2, 2017 at 10:17 am Or you can do what I do and treat like the land-lines that we had before cell phones. My phone very rarely leaves the house. I don’t even carry it outside with me when I go sit on the patio. If someone calls me and I’m not in the house to hear it, they have to leave a voicemail….just like back in the 80’s. If they don’t leave a message, I’m left to assume that they really did not want to talk to me that bad in the first place. I have zero need to have a phone with me at all times (and neither does anyone else for that matter). If they are looking at my phone and thinking they are tracking my whereabouts well, I’m the most non-mobile person there is then. I am ALWAYS at the corner of my kitchen table. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: June 2, 2017 at 11:51 am Immaterial, in my case, Rev… they can just as easily track me through my laptop. Regardless, I’ve always owned nothing other than flip phones. I hate those open face phones… far too easy to damage the screens on them. Reply The Rev says: June 2, 2017 at 10:08 am Regardless of the apps installed on your phone…just by nature of the way it functions, it is continually pinging cellphone towers unless it is turned off. Even then the only way to be sure that you aren’t pinging towers is to remove the battery. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Katie on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery mary in ND on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Millard on Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? NC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Katie on Summer Storm Keeps Building as Second Dip of Great Recession Approaches NC on Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? NC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents BMF on Thugs and Terrorists … With Badges Katie on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery Enemy of the State on Thugs and Terrorists … With Badges Ben on Donald Trump Signs Bills Assisting Law Enforcement: ‘We Are Behind You 100 Percent’ Enemy of the State on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery 'ol stew bum on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences mary in ND on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery mary in ND on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences mary in ND on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences ricci on Top Illuminati Grand Wizard: “We Control Islam and We’ll Use It to Destroy the West.” (WW3) Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices in iOS 10.3 | iLounge Tips iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K Daily Deal: Drive Genius 5 Standard License GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Tip of the Day Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices in iOS 10.3 By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 3 days ago A new section added at the top of the Settings app in iOS 10.3 adds a handy single place for viewing a lot of the information associated with your Apple ID, including a single point of access for the iCloud, iTunes & App Store, and Family Sharing sections that were previously scattered about elsewhere. However, Apple has also added a few new features in this section to provide you with access to information that you could only find by logging into the iCloud or Apple ID web sites before. Among this is a new section that displays all of the devices associated with your Apple ID, including not only your iOS devices, but also your Macs and any Apple Watch or Apple TV devices that you’ve signed into. This goes beyond just a list, however — tapping on any of these devices will bring you to a screen showing you more details. This includes a shortcut for Find My iPhone/iPad/Mac/Watch and whether it’s enabled or not and status of iCloud backups for iOS devices, followed by model, OS version, and serial number information. Devices that support Apple Pay will also show a list of the cards that have been added to each device, along with the ability to remove all of your cards from that device. It’s a handy way to keep track of all of your iOS devices, especially if you need to quickly find the serial number of a Mac or iPad that you don’t have with you, or want to remove your payment information when you’ve misplaced a device. Comments Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using your Mac » Recent Tips Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using your Mac Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS 10.3 Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Converting your child’s Apple ID into a Children’s Account Avoiding lens switching when shooting video on the iPhone 7 Plus Plugging your iPhone in silently Filtering Explicit Language in Siri Quickly marking your current location in Apple Maps Finding Flagged or Unread Messages in all Mailboxes Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri Using your iPhone as a Game Controller for your Apple TV Using your iPad as a Home Hub for HomeKit Showing a Smart Folder in the iOS 10 Mail Widget Filtering your Message List in the iOS 10 Mail app Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10 Music app Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing an iOS Device Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the Music app Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music app Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on AirPods Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with HomeKit Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 Choosing iPhone Flashlight Brightness Tracking Your Sleep in iOS 10 Showing Holiday Memories in iOS 10 Photos See all Tips. » iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple developing dedicated AI chip Recent Reviews Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch How Apple may compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google Home The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama June 1 Follow @htsuka The Apple logo at a store in San Francisco's Union Square. (Eric Risberg/AP) Speculation over what Apple will do to compete in the home hub market is spinning up ahead of Apple's annual developers conference next week, where many analysts expect the company to confirm the project. And what will be the Apple home hub's distinguishing feature? It may be sound quality, according a report from Bloomberg News. The Siri-infused speaker will really focus on producing quality surround sound and may also have a feature that can measure the room it's in and adjust its sound accordingly, the report said. Although there were no details on how this room-adapting feature works, it sounds similar to one already on Sonos speakers, called Trueplay, that uses the microphone in an iOS device to measure a room. Apple declined to comment on the report. Focusing on sound quality would give Apple an advantage, particularly given its historical strength in music, if it moves to another front in its war against Google and Amazon.com. Both of those companies already have smart speakers on the market that integrate with their services, but they aren't going to challenge Bose or other high-end speaker systems. Still, it will be stiff competition. Both Google and Amazon are continually adding features to their devices and the voice assistants they house. Google, at its own developers conference, announced that its Google Home will work with more devices, thanks to a Bluetooth connection, as well as even deeper integration with its own services. And Amazon on Thursday announced that its Echo line of smart home hubs now lets users further customize their reminders and timers on the device — a small but useful update for two core uses of these devices. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) Apart from focusing on sound quality, Apple will also have to find ways to leverage its own ecosystem of services — iTunes, the App Store, HomeKit, Siri and more — to convince potential buyers that its hub is right for them. It's not yet clear how Apple will do this, although Bloomberg reports that there will be “deep integration” with Apple services. However, contrary to prior reports from analysts, the Bloomberg report said Apple's home hub will not have a screen. That could mean it won't compete, as expected, with Amazon's recent Echo Look — a home hub that allows for video calling and potentially threatens Apple's FaceTime. Still, Apple has laid some groundwork in the home hub space before, by allowing some smart home devices such as lightbulbs to be controlled through its Apple TV, and prominently featuring its own apps for the living room. A smart speaker that builds on what Apple TV has offered would give users more flexibility to decide where to place their home hub. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 13 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 2 Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 3 Perspective College grads face next hurdle: Paying back student loans 4 Battling the racial roadblocks to joining the legalized marijuana trade 5 The Latest: Flights resume after plane goes off Texas runway The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/04/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Di Jepang Wapres JK ingatkan peran masjid Nasional WATCH: Curry dances with LeBron, makes the layup NBA Steve Kerr returns to sidelines for Golden State Warriors NBA #PugadBaboy: Dugo ng Shinobi 37 PugadBaboy Berita selebriti hari ini: Senin, 5 Juni 2017 The wRap Opposition lawmakers wants SC to nullify martial law Philippines ISIS klaim bertanggung jawab serangan di Jembatan London Berita Berita hari ini: Senin, 5 Juni 2017 The wRap Warriors go up 2-0 in another blowout win over Cavs NBA FARC slams Colombian government for 'repeatedly breaking' peace pact terms Latin America View more stories Tech News Apple says payouts from App Store total $70 billion Apple also says downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run Agence France-Presse @afp Published 11:00 PM, June 01, 2017 Updated 11:00 PM, June 01, 2017 A worker handles a newly arrived Apple iPhone 7 at an electronic store in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on April 07, 2017. File photo by Eitan Abramovich SAN FRANCISCO, USA – Apple said on Thursday, June 1, it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week's annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. "Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference." Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. – Rappler.com Filed under:App Store•Apple•Philip Schiller•iOS•iPhones HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Since 2008, Apple’s App Store has paid more… Since 2008, Apple’s App Store has paid more than $70 billion to developers By Brenda Stolyar — June 1, 2017 11:37 am Subscribe Share arisara / Shutterstock.com Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you As Apple pays out more for developers, you could see higher-quality apps being released in the App Store. Apple announced today that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store’s launch in 2008. This brings Apple to a new record-breaking number after app developers earned over $50 billion last July. The high earnings don’t come as a shock — after all, Apple saw $240 million in App Store sales on the first day of 2017 alone. Developers create apps — from lighthearted games to personal finance tools — for consumers in 155 different countries for the App Store. Within the last year alone, Apple said app downloads have grown over 70 percent. The growth is attributed to the release of hits like Pokémon Go, another record-breaking milestone for the App Store. Aside from the gaming category, lifestyle along with health and fitness apps have also grown more than 70 percent, with photo and video at 90 percent growth. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. The App Store’s active paid subscriptions also attribute to the rise in numbers since subscription business models became available to developers. With customers binge-watching on streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu, active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent. Apple is consistently hitting higher numbers with the App Store — it has since been trying to improve the overall experience for developers to keep the influx of apps rolling in. While the 70/30 revenue model still remains, with developers receiving 70 percent and Apple taking 30 percent of App Store sales, the submission process has been simplified. Developers now, for example, only have to submit one screenshot for their app across all devices such as the iPhone and the iPad rather than multiple. As Apple’s WWDC 2017 quickly approaches, there could be more announcements on whether or not more changes will be made for developers to help the App Store continue to exceed its current metrics.
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Scott Lindsay No comments yet Tech Guru 51 Views Related Streamline your computer files, adjust monitor’s night settings Customize your display, menu bar and dock in Sierra Change your sign-in password, set a pin number in Windows 10 June 1, 2017 MacOS Sierra 10.12.4 update comes with Night Shift options When Apple updates the macOS operating system, much of the time there will be security updates to help protect your computer. In this version, they have also released a new feature called Night Shift to enhance your view during evening hours. Back up all your data and then go to the app store and install all available updates. Before I get into the new Night Shift option, there are a few other improvements that I wanted to mention quickly. For example, according to Apple, this update also includes: Siri support for cricket sports scores and statistics for Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council, dictation support for Shanghainese, resolves several PDF rendering and annotation issues in Preview, improves the visibility of the subject line when using Conversation View in Mail and fixes an issue that may prevent content from appearing in Mail messages. I mention these to give you an idea of the type of improvements an update can provide and how important it is to be certain you have installed all your macOS updates. Night Shift is available for the following: “MacBook Air (Mid 2012 or later), MacBook (Early 2015 or later), MacBook Pro (Mid 2012 or later), Mac mini (Late 2012 or later), iMac (Late 2012 or later), and Mac Pro (Late 2013). Once you enable Night Shift, the display on your Mac will adjust its colors so it uses less blue light and instead uses what Apple states is: “the warmer end of the spectrum.” Turn on this feature to see if it is something you prefer. During daytime, your Mac will go back to using more blue light. Open System Preferences through the Apple menu and select Displays. Select the Night Shift tab near the top of the box. To enable, select Sunset to Sunrise from the Schedule drop-down menu. There are three statements Apple includes with Night Shift: 1. “This may help you get a better night’s sleep,” 2. “Night Shift does not apply to connected televisions or projectors” and 3. “Warmer settings may affect the appearance of some onscreen motion.” If you use connect an additional monitor, Night Shift will only be available on your primary display. Give Night Shift a try and if you don’t like it, you can easily go back and disable the feature. For 15 years, Scott Lindsay has helped tens of thousands of people better their skills, publishing more than 400 articles about Apple and Microsoft software, the computer and the Internet. You can reach Scott for comments or questions at ScottLindsay@live.com Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Streamline your computer files, adjust monitor’s night settings Customize your display, menu bar and dock in Sierra Change your sign-in password, set a pin number in Windows 10 Use flash drive and ransomware Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (26) May 2017  (220) April 2017  (197) March 2017  (226) February 2017  (236) January 2017  (238) December 2016  (230) November 2016  (232) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (255) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Apple New concept video shows off some iOS 11 features we’d love to see Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 1st, 2017 at 3:13 PM Share Tweet WWDC is just a few days away and Tim Cook has seemingly made good on his promise to double down on product secrecy. While we have a general idea of what new software and hardware Apple will introduce next week, we’re going into WWDC 2017 with decidedly less information than we’ve had in previous years. That being the case, all eyes will be laser-focused on Craig Federighi this coming Monday when he reveals what type of new features Apple is planning to pack into iOS 11. While the excitement surrounding the forthcoming iPhone 8 is understandable, a brand new iOS release is exciting in its own right. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Over the past few weeks and months, we’ve seen scattered reports regarding what type of new iOS 11 features Apple may introduce. Some of the more notable iOS 11 rumors we’ve seen suggest Apple next week will roll out support for peer-to-peer payments via Apple Pay, an enhanced version of Siri, and multi-user support for FaceTime video conferencing. There are also rumblings that Apple may finally bestow iOS with a Dark Mode option, but we’ve seen this particular rumor surface around WWDC for years only to quickly whither away. In any event, with Apple doing a great job of keeping upcoming iOS 11 features under wraps, all we can do for the time being is speculate what type of new and exciting features Apple might have in store for us. That being the case, some designers have let their imaginations run wild and have delivered some pretty snazzy and intuitive iOS 11 concept videos. One of the better ones we’ve seen surfaced just two weeks ago and features a whopping 100 iOS 11 features packed into an easy to digest 11-minute video. It’s definitely worth checking out if you haven’t seen it yet. More recently, the ConceptsiPhone YouTube Channel released their own wish-list video comprised of iOS 11 features. As concept videos tend to go, not every feature imagined in the video is practical, but there are nonetheless a few crafty suggestions we wouldn’t mind seeing Apple implement once it releases the next-gen version of iOS. Most notably, we would love to see Apple make the Control Center in iOS much more versatile. Tags: Apple, iOS 11 View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 3 days ago Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 3 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s App Store Downloads Are Soaring As iPhone revenue growth stalls, investors may want to turn their attention to Apple's fast-growing services segment, which is benefiting from soaring App Store sales. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jun 1, 2017 at 4:12PM As Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales growth leveled off in recent years, management has been attempting to shift investor attention toward the tech giant's rapidly growing services segment. The segment offers continued growth prospects and a more reliable revenue stream than Apple's more volatile hardware sales. While Apple's services segment is benefiting from a broad base of growth drivers, including App Store sales, Apple Pay, Apple Music, and more, App Store sales serve as the segment's primary catalyst. That's why when Apple shares an update on its App Store business, investors may want to take note. Apple App Store. Image source: Apple. On Thursday, Apple shared an update on its App Store, including the announcement that all-time App Store earnings paid to developers hit $70 billion. Here's what investors should know. Still a major catalyst Overall, Apple's latest data on its App Store continues to drive home one important point for Apple investors: The App Store is more integral to Apple's business than ever before. Consider these takeaways from Apple's App Store update: All-time gross App Store revenue, including Apple's 30% cut and developers' 70% cut, has now hit $100 billion. Apple's cut of App Store Revenue is about $30 billion. Developer earnings from the App Store are up 40% since August 2016, growing from about $50 billion to $70 billion. App Store downloads are up more than 70% in the trailing 12 months compared to the preceding 12-month period. In its update on App Store sales, Apple also provided some context on App Store categories driving this growth. Gaming and Entertainment, thanks to "breakout hits" like Pokemon GO and Super Mario and streaming-TV subscriptions like Netflix and Hulu, are the top-grossing App Store categories, Apple said. Further, thanks to Apple's more accommodating policies on recurring subscriptions (the policies were revamped last year), subscriptions have now expanded to every app category and are up 58% year over year. Why it matters Investors are increasingly looking to Apple's services segment as the next frontier for the tech giant's growth. In Apple's most recent quarter, services revenue increased 18% year over year, helping make up for some of the iPhone segment's much slower growth. IPhone revenue was down 1% year over year. Of course, Apple's services segment is much smaller than Apple's iPhone segment. In the second quarter of 2017, for instance, services revenue was $7 billion and iPhone revenue was $33 billion. But, with the help of surging App Store revenue, which was up 40% in Apple's second quarter, Apple's services business is growing as a percentage of total revenue. In Q2, services accounted for 13.3% of total revenue, up from 11.8% of revenue in the same quarter in 2016. Investors will watch for Apple's App Store to continue helping the tech giant's services business grow into a more meaningful operating segment for the company. Looking out to 2020, Apple believes its services business can grow to twice the size it was at the end of 2016 -- and Apple's going to need App Store revenue to continue growing nicely for this to happen. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 4:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc.'s App Store Downloads Are Soaring @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Developers are rolling in the green… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Bill Maher apologizes Big Sur highway: Worth saving? Skyrocketing campus costs Ropeless Yosemite climb Epic whitewater rafting season Steve Kerr’s return Breaking News Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals Business Biz Break: Developers are rolling in the green from Apple App Store sales Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Apple A screenshot of Apple’s App Store. On Thursday, Apple said it has paid out $70 billion to app developers since the App Store went live in 2008. Apple made the disclose four days ahead of its annual Worldwide Developers Conference, in San Jose. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 1, 2017 at 12:26 pm | UPDATED: June 1, 2017 at 2:07 pm Top of the Order:   Bring on the Apps: Apple doesn’t like to talk much unless it really has something it wants to say. And even for Apple, it’s hard to avoid talking about $70 billion. That’s the amount that Apple says it has paid out to developers from its App Store since it went live back in 2008. Last year, Apple made a change in how it splits App Store sales between itself and developers of subscription based apps to give developers 85 percent of apps that are subscribed to for more than one year. The prior split had been 70 percent for developers and 30 percent for Apple. Related Articles Biz Break: Built-in ad blocking coming to Google’s Chrome browser Biz Break: Amazon to pay out millions for kids’ unauthorized in-app buys Biz Break: Netflix’s President Underwood is back in office as ‘House of Cards’ returns Biz Break: Extry! Extry! Apple News gets a real editor-in-chief Biz Break: HP’s quarterly win isn’t a runaway one In other words, Apple’s App Store is a cash machine for those who build apps that then become popular with the public. Sure, Apple has hit a few speedbumps over the last year, with slowing or even declining iPhone sales. But apps are a different matter as most will run on iPhones that are a few generations old. You don’t necessarily have to lay out the money for a new iPhone to get the benefits of the apps that run on the device. Apple knows this, and even paying out 85 percent of App Store sales still gives Apple a lot of revenue to tout with its quarterly results. And it doesn’t hurt that with Apple getting ready to host its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose on June 5, the company would want to stoke developers’ enthusiasm for the gathering. Chief Executive Tim Cook is expected to unveil new updates to the operating systems for its Mac computers, Apple TV set-top boxes and especially the iPhone and iPad. And it’s on those devices where most of the App Store apps end up, and where developers can make their 85 percent of that revenue split with Apple. Seventy billion dollars is a pretty good start. Middle Innings: Who Works For Lyft?: Lyft, the San Francisco-based ride-sharing company that doesn’t seem to be beset by a constant stream of scandals, said Thursday that it can do better when it comes to diversifying its workforce. Lyft released the results of its first diversity survey, which showed, among other things, that while 42 percent of its employees are women, the number in the company’s leadership roles currently stands at 36 percent. Bottom of the Lineup: Youth in the Veins: No, this is not the stuff of young adult novel about vampires. Nor, is it some weirdo voodoo-inspired witch doctor treatment. A new Bay Area startup called Ambrosia is offering older folks the opportunity to get a transfusion of a younger person’s blood in order to combat the effects of aging. Oh, if you want to feel really old, you only have to be 35 to qualify for one of the transfusions from a donor who is 25 or younger. And all that blood can be yours for just $8,000. Where was this capability back when Keith Richards could have used it during the 70s? Quote of the Day: “This current departure from reality in Washington will be very short-lived, that I promise you.” — California Gov. Jerry Brown, speaking prior to President Donald Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the Paris accord on climate change. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Lyft Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Miss Manners: Impatient customer rammed me with a cart at the grocery store Carolyn Hax: I discovered revenge is not so sweet Ask Amy: My father’s engaged to a woman with a shaky past Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in East Bay water park tragedy Q&A: Steve Kerr explains his decision to return to the sidelines Man knifed on downtown San Jose street expected to survive More in Business Is the Bay Area losing its luster? Workers move to more affordable cities June 02, 2017, 6:27 pm Fewer workers are packing their bags for the Bay Area, where the cost of living is rising. Apple’s developer’s conference may highlight artificial intelligence June 02, 2017, 5:03 pm As Apple readies for its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, experts say it needs to unveil AI-related products In California battles over product labels, industry usually wins June 04, 2017, 3:30 pm California lawmakers have been considering new labels for nail polish, hair dye, cleaning products, plants, and garden flowers, triggering an annual conflict in the state Capitol over how much to tell people about what they buy at the store or use at work. Jack O’Neill, surfing legend who invented wetsuit, is dead June 03, 2017, 2:49 pm His family’s name has become a globally recognized wetsuit and foam board brand for decades. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone 8 VS 7: the big size change Chris Burns - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today a set of specifications has leaked giving the dimensions of the next big iPhone. This iPhone 8, as it’s being called, could also be referred to as iPhone OLED, iPhone Pro, or iPhone Edition – whatever you want, since no real confirmation of its existence has been made by Apple as of yet. What we’ve got today, thanks to these dimensions, is the ability to compare this generation’s iPhone to the next. While Apple has not yet confirmed the possibility that they’ll release three new iPhones in 2017, chances are they will. Tips have been made, rumors have circulated, and leaks have leaked. That said, keep a grain of salt handy for everything that comes before Apple’s inevitable 2017 iPhone event, including the following. According to the folks at iDrop News via Benjamin Geskin, Apple’s next major smartphone will have a size somewhere in-between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of matching the iPhone 7 Plus, as was once assumed, this new iPhone 8 is pictured here right in the middle of Apple’s current two iPhone models. If Apple’s history holds strong for the future in other size changes, this year will reveal the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, too. If that’s also true, it won’t be out of the ordinary to find that both the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus essentially match sizes with those of their most recent predecessors. iPhone dimensions: • iPhone 7: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm • iPhone 7 Plus: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm • Potential iPhone 8: 143.59 x 70.94 x 7.57 mm As such, the image you’re seeing above might well also be a close depiction of the iPhone 7s, the iPhone OLED Pro Edition 8, and the iPhone 7s Plus. Of course the jury is still out on what the most powerful of these three devices will be called, but there’s a good chance it won’t have a name as long as what this paragraph presents. If Apple does release a smartphone with a display like this, it’ll go directly to war with what one of the creators of Android presented earlier this month. The Essential Phone, as it’s called, also has a display that covers nearly its entire front side. Have a peek at our recent iPhone 8 vs Essential Phone article to see these titans battle it out – with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 in for the long haul, too! Story Timeline iPhone 8 dummy hints at what could be The iPhone 8's Touch ID will be right in the OLED report claims Galaxy Note 8 specs tip the big war with iPhone 8 Latest iPhone 8 leaked schematics show no fingerprint sensor Tags AppleiOSiPhoneiPhone 7iPhone 7 Plusiphone 8mobilerumorssmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 1 GOOG: 966.95 2.09 9to5Toys Lunch Break: BenQ 1080p Projector $380, Galaxy Tab S3 + Keyboard $569, Polaroid Snap Touch Camera $135, more Stephen Hall - Jun. 1st 2017 11:58 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone 7 cases up to 20% off, starting from $40 SanDisk Extreme 500 240GB USB 3.0 Portable Solid-State Drive $90 Nintendo Pokémon GO Plus Bluetooth Bracelet: $29.50 shipped Need extra Panasonic GH5 batteries? Try the excellent Newmowa BLF19 [Video] Amazon Digital Films at $5 ea: Zombieland, Apocalypse Now, many more Anker Bolder Rechargeable LED Flashlight combo for $30 shipped Amazon’s #1 best-selling First Aid kit hits all-time low at $11.50 Review: VAUX Speaker brings improved sound, portability, and simplicity to the Echo Dot BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 shipped (Reg. $500) Tinboard electric skateboard sports premium features at an affordable price LEGO is now taking preorders for its Boost robotic kits arriving in August Pasonomi 3D VR Headset for iPhone and Android $9 (Reg. $30) Red Robin 35% off pick-up orders with coupon code Fender unveils new classic guitar amp-looking Bluetooth speakers Buy any sub at Jersey Mike’s and get one free Green Deals: Cree 40W A19 Dimmable LED Light Bulb $1.50, more BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 (Reg. $500) Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 32GB + Keyboard Cover: $569 ($726 Value) | B&H Polaroid Snap Touch Instant Print Digital Camera $135 in today’s Gold Box Hands-on: Logitech’s new MX Master 2S Mouse w/ Flow is remarkable Review: RDS Nintendo Switch case offers protection from bumps while on-the-go 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Today’s Amazon Gold Box has Mini RC Drones from $30 shipped AUKEY Mechanical Keyboards 30% off: starting at $25 shipped Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper for just $12 Prime shipped Tokaido Strategy Board Game for iOS hits lowest price ever: $3 (Reg. $6) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Orderly, Tokaido and many more Today’s Best Game Deals: FIFA 17 $20 or less, 1 yr PlayStation Plus $48, more The Complete Calvin and Hobbes Paperback Box Set: $50 shipped Amazon’s Gold Box has up to 50% off luggage from just $12Vanture iPhone/Android Car Mount $8 (Reg. $13), more Apple’s AirPort Express Base Station adds AirPlay to your speakers for $69 Apple 13-inch MacBook Air gets a $239 price drop, now $760 shipped Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) iTunes offers ten-film iconic movie bundles from each decade for $20/ea Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Twelve South BookArc möd MacBook Stand drops to $40 (Reg. $60)  Twelve South’s HiRise Stand for Apple Watch now $20 Star Knight’s action-platforming drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) Infinity Dungeon Evolution for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $1) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) The Robot Factory for iOS goes free for very first time (Reg. $4) Daily Deals: Roku Express Player + Mohu Leaf 50 HDTV Antenna $60, more Klipsch RB-10 Bookshelf Speakers drop to $70 shipped (Reg. $90) Score a 1-month Free DirecTV Now trial w/ this promo code ($35+ value) Up to 40% off select Philips Norelco shavers and trimmers at Amazon today only Kindle First June eBook freebies from Amazon Sears gift card: $100 for $85 with free email delivery (15% off) Saucony Running Shoes today only at Amazon up to 50% Off: $60 shipped Ecurfu Emergency Weather Radio w/ Smartphone Charger, more for $14 Amazon takes up 29% off PORTER-CABLE tools: 20V Combo Kit $369, more Stanley FatMax Xtreme 55-120 FuBar III – $59 shipped (Reg $75+) West Bend Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper for $15 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Tablo upgrades its Dual OTA DVR with on-board storage, smaller footprint New Pokémon game for iOS/Android with Nintendo integration coming soon LEGO reels in new 2,000 piece Old Fishing Store kit coming this fall EverSleep iOS-connected wearable diagnoses sleep issues without a hospital stay ASUS unveils 35-inch curved gaming monitor with 200Hz refresh rate Prynt Pocket lets you print photos from your iPhone like a Polaroid camera Pedego’s Airstream eBike is just as feature-packed as it is stylish How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Mighty Mac App Bundle includes $130 worth of productivity software for FREE Yamaha MusicCast Wi-Fi Speaker w/ AirPlay + Bluetooth $200 (Reg. $250) Logitech’s M705 Wireless Mouse goes to $20, MX Master $60, more Canon PIXMA Inkjet All-In-One Printer w/AirPrint $56 shipped (Reg. $75) Mophie Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! Onkyo 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver + AirPlay: $320 Target offers a $7 Father’s Day Box TP-Link Deco Wi-Fi system: 3 Pack for $200 Amazon Household Items from $7 Karcher Electric Pressure Washer $119, more LeEco 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone $150 GoPro HERO+ LCD Action Camera for $109 TP-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Range Extender $35 Joby GorillaPod Tripod and Lowepro Bag for $40 Sensi’s Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat: $104 Applebee’s, Chili’s, and more gift cards up to 20% off VicTsing Wireless Mouse $6 (40% off) YUNEEC 4K Typhoon Quadcopter bundle $550 (Reg. $800) Harman Kardon HKTS 9 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System $155 (cert. refurb, Orig. $600) Improve your career and save on these Training Bundles: Photoshop, Office, more! No Stress Chess teaches you the basics for $13 CyberPower Heavy Duty 8-Outlet Power Strip w/ 6-foot Cord: $13.50 (all-time low) Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 3-pack of USB A to C Cables $9, more Amazon Father’s Day sale takes up to 20% off Makita, DEWALT tools and more DEWALT’s 5-inch Band Saw Kit drops to almost $100 off ChefSteps CS20001 Joule Sous Vide drops to $149  Rubbermaid Closet Organizer Kit hits Amazon all-time low: $73 APC SurgeArrest 120V 7-Outlet Surge Protector: $12.50 Green Deals: LIFX A19 Wi-Fi Smart LED Light Bulb $45, more ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone for $170 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers In the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70% Apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue Photo and Video App Store category increasing at a rate close to 90% By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:35 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 16:31 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 9 shares 2 View comments The first version of the iPhone famously didn't have apps - but since they were introduced a year later, it seems Apple has been making up for lost time. The iPhone maker today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008, and in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 percent. The news comes ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next week, where the first is expected to introduce the next version of iOS alongside new iPads. Scroll down for video  Apple's global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008, and in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 percent. APP STORE FACTS  Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue  Photo and Video App Store category increasing at a rate close to 90% Active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year  Lifestyle, Health and Fitness as strong players rising more than 70%  'People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,' said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. 'Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing.  'We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.' Apple says that apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue.  This is obviously driven by popular freemium games with In-App Purchases and content subscriptions like Netflix or Spotify for the media apps. The company says the Photo and Video App Store category has seen the most growth in the last year, increasing at a rate close to 90%.  The App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year, encompassing everything from Netflix and Hulu as well as newcomers like Tastemade, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study... Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online... Google is fighting phishing with AI: Gmail update adds... Do you know how clean water gets to your home? Study finds... Share this article Share It also calls out Lifestyle, Health and Fitness as strong players rising more than 70%.  App analytics firm Sensor Tower says data from its Store Intelligence product shows  developers are reaching the million-dollar status almost twice as often on Apple's App Store than on Google Play. 'Based on our analysis of in-app revenue -not inclusive of advertising revenue -nearly double the number of publishers made their first $1 million in annual revenue last year on the U.S. App Store compared to Google Play,' it said. However, apps weren't always in the iPhone plan. HOW DEVELOPERS CHANGED STEVE JOB'S MIND OVER APPS Apps weren't always in the iPhone plan. According to Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs, Apple board member Art Levinson said that he phoned Jobs 'half a dozen times to lobby for the potential of the apps.' According to Isaacson, 'Jobs at first quashed the discussion, partly because he felt his team did not have the bandwidth to figure out all the complexities that would be involved in policing third-party app developers.' Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new iPhone that was introduced at Macworld on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco, California. It initially only allowed web apps. However, programmers launched a lobbying campaign to get the firm to change its mind, and Steve Jobs announced in an open letter on October 17, 2007 that the iPhone software development kit for third-parties would be released on March 6, 2008. The App Store went live alongside the iPhone 2.0 software update on July 11, 2008.    According to Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs, Apple board member Art Levinson said that he phoned Jobs 'half a dozen times to lobby for the potential of the apps.' According to Isaacson, 'Jobs at first quashed the discussion, partly because he felt his team did not have the bandwidth to figure out all the complexities that would be involved in policing third-party app developers.' However, programmers launched a lobbying campaign to get the firm to change its mind, and Steve Jobs announced in an open letter on October 17, 2007 that the iPhone software development kit for third-parties would be released on March 6, 2008. The App Store went live alongside the iPhone 2.0 software update on July 11, 2008.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Elite SAS 'Blue Thunder' unit lands helicopter on London... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... 'Enough is enough - things have to change': May admits... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 2 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction putting animals at 'unprecedented' extinction risk in the next 50 years, experts warn 23 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > iOS 10 Beta 5 Tidbits: New Lock Screen Sound, Swift Playground Content, and More iOS 10 Beta 5 Tidbits: New Lock Screen Sound, Swift Playground Content, and More Tuesday, 9 August 2016 Apple today released new versions of iOS 10 to both developers and public beta testers, and as with any major beta update, there are several small changes and tweaks that have been implemented as Apple works to refine the operating system ahead of its release this fall. Today's update, available as an over-the-air download for those who installed the first four betas or the beta configuration profile, features a new Lock screen sound, tweaks to the Control Center and widgets screen, and more. We've rounded up some of the biggest changes in beta five in the video below, so make sure to check it out to get a quick look at what's changed. We're also listing all of the changes in the post below. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. *Smart Battery Case* - The iPhone 6 and 6s should now work properly with Apple's Smart Battery Case. According to the iOS 10 release notes, the case will no longer cause devices to panic. *Photos* - Apple plans to reprocess facial recognition data in beta 5, so all named, favorited, and merged face data will be reset. *Lock sound* - There's a new sound when locking the iPhone. It sounds like a door closing. *New Output icon* - The output icon seen in the Control Center, the Music app, and other locations in iOS has been slightly tweaked. It is no longer represented by headphones and instead resembles a triangle with sound waves. *Settings* - The "Home" section in the Settings app has been removed on the iPhone, as it served no purpose, but it remains available on the iPad. *Widgets* - The new widgets panel, accessible by swiping to the right, now displays the date on all devices. *Swift Playgrounds* - New content has been added to Swift Playgrounds in iOS 10 beta 5, including Learn to Code Part 2.Related Roundup: iOS 10 Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Apple to launch Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google HomeApple Inc. (NASDAQ:APPL) has reportedly started production of a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazoncom Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo and Alphabet Inc's... Proactive Investors 4 days ago - Business Apple iPad’s Swift Playgrounds coding app will now let kids control LEGO creatures, dronesApple’s educational coding app, Swifts Playground has a major upgrade as it is bringing coding for Bluetooth-enabled devices. With this new integration, kids... BGR India 3 days ago - Technology Pictures of Early LG V30 Design Show Slide-Out Secondary DisplayLG is expected to announce the successor to last year’s V20 sometime this year, but not much information about the upcoming smartphone is known. Recently,... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology New ownCloud Android and iOS Client Releases Add Video Streaming, Transfer RetryownCloud announced the availability of new updated versions of their ownCloud clients for Android and iOS mobile operating systems, adding a bunch of... Softpedia 5 days ago - Technology OnePlus releases OxygenOS Open Beta 17/8 -- here's what's newOn top of the official software releases, OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 3 users also have access to beta versions of OxygenOS. The builds, which are labeled "Open... betanews 4 days ago - Technology Apple Releases Beta 2 of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 & tvOS 10.2.2Apple released a few moments ago the second Beta builds of the upcoming point releases of the company's iOS 10.3, macOS Sierra 10.12, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2... Softpedia 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •MacRumours.com Microsoft to Launch Windows 10 - Android File Synchronization FeatureMicrosoft has already announced some features for Windows 10 users with Android devices, in an attempt to get its operating system play nice with rival... Softpedia 5 days ago - Technology OxygenOS Open Beta for OnePlus 3T, OnePlus 3 rolled out; brings Ambient display 2.0, UI enhancements and moreOnePlus has started rolling out the OxygenOS Open Beta for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T smartphones starting today. The update brings with it a range of new... BGR India 4 days ago - Technology You Might Like Twitter Facebook Page People Ariana Grande Donald Trump LeBron James Kevin Durant Vladimir Putin Current Topics One Love Manchester London Attack Portland Peyton Manning Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Blair Guild CBS News June 1, 2017, 3:06 PM Apple CEO urges White House not to back out of Paris Agreement U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks as (2nd L to R) PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel, Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook and Oracle CEO Safra Catz look on during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York U.S., December 14, 2016.  REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 3:19 PM EDT Prior to President Trump's expected announcement regarding whether the United States will remain a part of the Paris Agreement on climate change, Apple CEO Tim Cook called the White House encouraging the president not to withdraw. The call took place on Tuesday, according to a source familiar with the matter, Bloomberg first reported. The Paris climate deal was signed under former president Barack Obama. Every nation in the world is party to the agreement, with the exception of Nicaragua and Syria, which makes a global commitment to reduction of greenhouse gas emission to slow the effects of climate change. Nicaragua did not sign because the nation hopes for greater punishments than those outlined in the agreement for countries who don't comply. Mr. Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the agreement per his campaign promises and sources who are familiar with the matter, but will likely make a formal announcement regarding the position Thursday afternoon. Play Video CBSN What would be the impact of U.S. pulling out of the Paris climate agreement? President Trump will be announcing his decision on the Paris climate agreement today. The executive director of the Sierra Club, Michael Brune, j... Apple, which has been forthright in its mission to be a "green" tech company, has a vested interest in the United States remaining signatories to the Paris climate deal. Ninety-six percent of the electricity that powers Apple's facilities globally comes from renewable sources, according to the section of their website dedicated to addressing climate change. If Mr. Trump were to back out of the agreement, the energy goals of the United States would clearly conflict with Cook's own vision for a more environmentally-friendly tech world. Cook is not the first CEO to advise the White House against withdrawing from the agreement. Tesla's Elon Musk, who serves on a White House economic advisory board and the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, promises to leave these groups if Mr. Trump ultimately decides to remove the Unites States from the Paris deal. Several other global leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the Pope, have also warned Mr. Trump about the dangers of leaving the Paris climate agreement. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 "The whole discussion about climate has been difficult, or rather very unsatisfactory," Merkel said at the G7 meeting in Sicily last week. "Here we have the situation that six members, or even seven if you want to add the EU, stand against one." © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Politics Deported man's wife and friends rethink voting for Trump Anderson Cooper reports on the effect Trump’s new immigration policy has had on a community in Indiana after a longtime resident is deported 25 things you still don't know about Barack Obama Just how many almonds does he really eat, anyway? Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Chobani's chief taster Play Video London attack timeline Play Video London victims Play Video Terror arrests Play Video Manchester tribute concert Play Video Trump reacts to London Play Video Breaking fast with tacos Previous Next 21 Photos London Bridge terror attack 24 Photos 75 years ago: The Battle of Midway 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 26 Photos Anti-Trump protesters "March for Truth" 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Bullish, Bearish, and On the Fence for These Major Trends The Market Foolery crew talks market-moving transformations and apparently world-altering ideas that have significant implications for investors. Mac Greer (TMFMac) Jun 1, 2017 at 2:20PM On this episode of Market Foolery, Mac Greer trots out the theme of "Yes, No, Maybe So" for Motley Fool analysts David Kretzmann and Matt Argersinger, as they each share trends that they feel bullish on, bearish on, and one that has them sitting on the fence. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 24, 2017. Mac Greer: It's Wednesday, May 24th. Welcome to Market Foolery! I'm Mac Greer, and I'm joined here in studio by David Kretzmann from Motley Fool Supernova and Rule Breakers, and Matt Argersinger from Million Dollar Portfolio. Gentlemen, welcome! How are you feeling? Are you feeling it? David Kretzmann: Ready to go. Matt Argersinger: I'm always feeling it. Greer: Good. We're going to try something a little different this week. We're going to do our "Yes, No, Maybe So". The way this works, and this time we're going to talk themes and big trends that are going on. We're going to begin with the yes. That's something or someone or something happening that you're feeling bullish about. Then we're going to go to the no's, you don't like that so much. Then we'll end up with the maybes, something happening out there that you're not quite sure about. Let's begin with, what are you saying yes to, Matt Argersinger? Matt Argersinger: Mac, I'm saying yes to U.S. airlines. Never thought I would be on podcast or anywhere talking about my love for U.S. airlines. But, I was at the Sohn Conference a few weeks back, you and I talked about it a few weeks ago, the trend is so favorable right now for U.S. airlines. There's consolidation in the industry, the fact that the top four airlines now control 80% of the revenue, pricing power is back, there has been a massive swing toward profitability. And yet, the stocks, for the most part, are getting very low valuations in the market vis-a-vis other transportation industries like railroads, for example, or shipping. Greer: And why is that? Just a lot of skepticism because of the history? Argersinger: Right, you're talking about decades of poor profitability, bankruptcies, in a lot of cases, a highly competitive market. So, investors have gotten used to assigning a very low earnings multiple to the airlines. I think that's going to change. I think, with the pricing power that's back, airlines are already really profitable. We know that Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway, has made an investment in a basket of airlines. I just think it's turning for the better, in the same way that railroads turned for the better a little bit over a decade ago. Another part of it is lower fuel costs, which we're going to talk about a little bit later in the podcast with my other theme. But, I think all of that points to very positive things for the airlines. So, taking a basket approach to the industry, or maybe buying one or two airlines, is probably a good bet today. Greer: Do you have a favorite of the group? Argersinger: I would go with United Airlines. Not because of what happened ... Greer: Interesting. Kretzmann: Because he's a sadist. Argersinger: We all know about the incident that was all over the news, it was horrible. But, of the four major airlines, United stands out to me as the cheapest, has some activist investors interested in it, management changed recently, really turning toward the better in terms of margins. And it has a little bit of a gap between that and a Delta Airlines or Southwest Airlines, in terms of margins and multiples. So, I feel like there's a little bit more upside with United Airlines, so if I had to buy one of the major four, I would probably go there. Greer: OK. David Kretzmann, what are you saying yes to? Kretzmann: I'm going with online grocery shopping. This is still, in the U.S., a very small, emerging category. But when you compare the proportion of grocery market sales that are online, in the U.S., it's just 1.4%. In Japan, it's 7.2%. In the U.K., it's 6.9%, and in South Korea, it's over 16%. To me, that leaves a lot of room for that category to grow. I'm not saying that within five or 10 years, 50% of grocery sales will be online. But I think there's a lot of room for that to run in the U.S. We have some start-ups like Instacart, which have partnerships with Safeway, Whole Foods, and a lot of others. I just see room for this category to grow. Some projections show this category growing from about $9.5 billion in 2016 to over $15 billion by 2021, so about a 10% annualized growth rate. All in all, it's still a very small category. Most consumers still don't buy a whole lot of stuff online. If they do, it might be stuff like breakfast cereal or chips from Amazon. Frozen and fresh food continues to be the big question mark, like, can a company crack the code where customers are comfortable having someone else buy and deliver that stuff from the store? And no one has really cracked that code here in the U.S. yet. Greer: You just mentioned Amazon. If I'm an investor and I hear that, and it all sounds great, but what do I do with that information? Do I invest in Amazon? Or is there a pure-play that specializes in that online delivery? Kretzmann: There's not really a pure-play at this point, at least that I know of. Instacart is still a private company. They've expanded very quickly. I think Amazon is one way that you can get some exposure to the company. But their AmazonFresh initiative is such a small percentage of the company, you don't want to invest in Amazon only with that thesis. But I think Whole Foods is actually a company that could continue to benefit here. They've been an early partner with Instacart, with their 365 stores, the smaller stores, they're getting closer to customers. They only have four of those stores right now, but they are planning to continue to open some more of those stores. And as they get closer to customers, that should improve delivery times, and the ability to offer that type of thing. Whole Foods is one that I see moving in that direction. They've been rolling out a loyalty program in a few different markets. So far, that loyalty program is really driving a good chunk of the sales in those stores where they're testing that concept. You can take a similar argument here to why we like restaurants doing the same thing, transitioning to digital and the loyalty program, whether it's Starbucks or Chipotle or Panera. You see that loyalty program and that digital presence really driving up volume and throughput in the stores. You're seeing a lot of repeat customers coming back. I think you can extend that same argument to grocers. I think Whole Foods has finally recognized that digital is a pretty key piece of that experience, whether it's delivering groceries itself or meal kits similar to Blue Apron, they're doing some early tests there. Again, I wouldn't invest in Whole Foods solely because of that. But the company continues to produce a lot of cash, it's not going anywhere anytime soon. And Ron Shaich, the founder and CEO of Panera, is going to be joining the board of directors of Whole Foods, amid this latest board shakeup within the last month or so. I think having his presence on board, having John Mackey as the sole CEO, moving away from that dual CEO structure, I think you're going to see a lot more focused initiative from Whole Foods, moving toward digital and online ordering. Greer: You've had things like Peapod that have been around for a while. People used Peapod eight years ago. What makes this become more mainstream? Because, obviously, you have people getting their groceries online, delivered, it's a nice service, but it's not necessarily a huge service right now.  Kretzmann: Right. With a lot of e-commerce companies, a lot of it comes down to timing. We make fun of Pets.com as an IPO darling of the late 90s that totally fizzled out, and it was a poster child of people getting so caught up in the dot-com craze. But, PetSmart just made the largest e-commerce acquisition ever buying Chewy.com, which sells pet food online.  Greer: Not the Mexican food restaurant. Kretzmann: Not the Mexican food restaurant, no. As far as I know. That might be a diversification opportunity. But, I think timing plays a big role in that. As people get more comfortable with the technology and the thought of ordering things online as that user interface improves and shipping times and quality and the assurance that you're going to get what you paid for, I think people are just getting more comfortable with all of that. So, I think we are shifting toward that time where it won't be crazy to buy fresh or frozen food online anymore. Greer: Matt, what are you saying no to? Argersinger: I'm saying no to oil. I know that's pretty broad. By the way, this is what I'm reading. I'm no expert on the oil industry itself. I talk to really smart Fools like Paul Chi about this all the time. But I'm pretty convinced that within the very near future, I would say less than five years, we're going to hit peak oil in terms of prices and production. This stems partly because of things that are happening right here in the United States. OPEC, as we all know, we're all familiar with the oligopoly that for years and decades set the world's oil price, they're waging a war with U.S. shale producers, and they're losing pretty badly. Starting in 2014, OPEC tried to keep production levels high, trying to drive prices lower to knock out shale. It didn't work. Recently, they had an agreement to cut production to try to get prices back, that's kind of working.  But, all the while, shale producers here in the U.S. are getting more efficient, they're being able to produce more oil and earn profits from that oil at very low prices. In most cases, according to Bloomberg Intelligence, most active wells that we're already drilling can earn profits at oil prices as low as $30. And oil prices are at $50 today. Some reports have oil production in the U.S. going up by a million barrels a day this year and next year. So, if you're OPEC, or you're an oil dependent economy that depends on how oil prices to balance budgets and do all kinds of things, I would say you're in trouble unless you diversify your economy. I would also say, if you're the big oil producers, like an ExxonMobil, a Chevron, or an oil services company like Halliburton, I think you have to prepare your company and the industry for dramatically lower oil prices. This is before we even start talking about solar power becoming more efficient and cheaper, or other alternative energy sources, or the transportation, electrification of vehicles, which is all going to reduce demand for oil. So, I have this feeling that there's going to be a pretty big disruption in this market that still, by the way, makes up a pretty big chunk of the S&P 500. So, a lot of us indirectly are invested in a lot of these oil companies. And I think the returns are going to be pretty poor going forward. Greer: So, you're saying no to ExxonMobil and the like? Argersinger: I think so. It's going to be hard to pinpoint losers, and a great company like ExxonMobil might be able to diversify its business. But I would say if you're any large producer that's going to be dependent on exploring, drilling, or producing oil over the next five to 10 years, you're in trouble.  Greer: That five to 10 year period, that seems pretty important. If that plays out in the next five years, that has a certain set of implications. If it's closer to 15 or 20 years, then investors could still make a lot money, right? I'm always a bit skeptical, when people talk about the death of Big Oil, it reminds me of when I was in elementary school and people said we would adopt the metric system, and there was this big push, and then it just went away. In case you haven't noticed, the U.S. is not using the metric system. Argersinger: You're right. Saying this is going to happen within five years is probably really aggressive. But I would say, unlike the metric system, there's a real desire for a lot of industries and human beings and governments to move away from oil if we can for alternative sources. At least, I hope that's the case. So, I think there's a lot of forces coming from a lot of different places that are saying, "We need to be using a lot less oil." And it's remarkable that the culprit for lower oil prices is coming right here from the United States, which, a decade ago, we never would have said that. So, I think it's pretty much inevitable now. Kretzmann: Something interesting in the Wall Street Journal from a couple days ago which will be fascinating to watch, is, in China, the most popular vehicle category -- and it's growing in terms of market share -- is SUVs. People in China who aren't used to driving tend to gravitate toward SUVs, which are safer to drive. So, electric vehicles up to this point haven't really grabbed hold in China in terms of market share, and people are going for these big, gas-guzzling SUVs. So, theoretically, over the next few years, we'll continue to see demand for gasoline or oil that way. But, obviously, there's a lot more that goes into oil demand than just driving. But, that will be a pretty interesting trend to watch in China, because China has been making a push to move toward cleaner energy, a lot of the cities deal with some pretty major pollution problems. But, even so, people are going to SUVs right now in China. Greer: Texas and China. Kretzmann: Peas in a pod. Greer: OK, David, what are you saying no to? Kretzmann: I'm saying no to fitness trackers. I'll just say that this isn't saying no to wearable devices as a whole. But fitness trackers themselves, something you put on your wrist to track your sleep, your heart rate, your running speed, your distance and all of the, I think that's a future and not a product. It reminds me of Garmin 10 or 15 years ago, where you have these dedicated GPS systems, but lo and behold, it gets integrated into virtually every phone and device out there, and you don't need a separate GPS system. I think fitness trackers are just something that, they won't necessarily go away. I think that feature will be integrated into smartwatches or glasses or whatever wearable devices we have. But, between 2009 and 2015, U.S. navigation system sales dropped from $15.5 million to $10 million. Garmin's share price over the last 10 years is down 10%. And I think, you'll see something similar play out with Fitbit, which, for 2017, they're guiding for the revenue to drop, they're back to losing money and burning cash. Since Apple entered the smartwatch market, it still surprises me that people give the Apple Watch so much grief, because ever since Apple entered the market in 2015, it's never dropped below 50% market share. Right now it has 63% share of that smartwatch market. Greer: But is that one of those stats where there were four watches sold and Apple sold two of them? Kretzmann: No, you have a good amount of competitors now. You have Samsung, Fitbit has come out with a few different smartwatches. But ever since Apple entered the market, they've dominated it. And I think that goes back to my previous point, where, when you buy an Apple Watch, it's fitting into an existing ecosystem. And I think that's similar to GPS, where it's a key feature, but people aren't going to buy a product just for that feature. Argersinger: I love the point -- if you're an investor listening to this podcast, I think David just said some really smart things. Watch out for products and services that are merely features, that aren't part of an ecosystem, or a product that can do a lot of diverse and versatile things for you. There are a lot, you can look in business all the time, and see situations like that. Maybe there's a cyber security firm like FireEye, I'm throwing out just one that has underperformed lately, where maybe what they do is more features, it's not necessarily the one-stop solution for my cyber security. I'm just making one example here. But, those exist all the time. They key to investing is really finding those companies that are actually building the platforms and ecosystems that consumers are going to keep coming back to and that keep getting richer, whereas companies that just do one or two things really well tend to get gobbled up pretty fast. Greer: And Apple has deep pockets. They don't have near as much riding on the smartwatch as Fitbit or a pure-play has. Kretzmann: Yeah, Fitbit is really going back to the drawing board, and they're reinventing the company. They're saying, "We're a data company now, we're going to try to sell the data that our customers are tracking." To me, it's just not a very compelling vision for the company. I see them in a similar position to Garmin five or 10 years ago, where yeah, they did that one thing really well, and they were the leader in that market, but at some point, that feature will be in everything, it won't be differentiated anymore. Argersinger: Right. Imagine if Kevin Plank at Under Armour 20 years ago said, "You know what? I'm just going to make the sweat wicking undershirts, that's all we're going to do. Under Armour is going to be the best in that." Well, it wouldn't have been long before Nike, Adidas, or someone else did that or bought Under Armour. But, no, he said, "We're going to create a brand that does a lot of different things, that goes in a lot of different markets." And you can see where their success has been, doing that. Greer: Let's close out with our maybe-so stock. Matt, this is something that you're still kind of noodling over, you're conflicted about. Sorry, it's not a stock, it's a trend or theme or something happening. What are you a maybe on? Argersinger: I actually don't know what this theme should be called. Is it autonomous vehicles? Is it mobility disruption? Is it the shared car revolution? However you want to call it, I guess mobility disruption might be the best catch-all phrase. I've listened to Chris Hill's interview with the RethinkX's founder, Tony Seba, from last week's Motley Fool Money radio show, twice now. Because I think it's mind blowing, the future that Seba has laid out in his research firm, and about what's going to happen in, he's pointing out five or six years, where we're going to be at a point where everyone is using shared vehicles, for the most part. That electric, autonomous vehicles are dominating the roads, we don't need parking lots, we don't need car dealers, we don't need auto producers like Ford, because maybe Tesla or one other company is going to be making all the vehicles we use anyway and no one is really going to care. Greer: And it's really more of a service that you could potentially be a member of and subscribe to, and your car comes by and picks you up, and then you're done with it, and you don't own your own car. Argersinger: Right. And why do I care what the car might look like or how it performs? It just gets me from point A to point B in a very comfortable setting, and I'm good. There's a lot to love about that future, and I'm excited about it, frankly. But, what you have to assume, and we talked about this before the show, Mac, is you have to assume that people are really going to be willing to give up private car ownership. And maybe that works, if you're someone who's living in the city, and having a car is a hassle and an expense you don't want to deal with. But if you live in a lot of parts of the country and you want a car to drive a few hours to see someone or go somewhere or go camping -- Greer: Or if you're in a rural area, there's no way. Argersinger: Right. There's not going to be a car sharing service network that can get to you, yeah. So, there's a lot of things you have to assume. And, by the way, the big elephant in the room is the government, the state governments, federal, local. There's going to be a lot of regulations passed to enable these autonomous vehicle networks to happen anyway. So, I'm excited about the future. Whether or not it happens in five or six years, I'm very skeptical of that. Even 10 years seems really a stretch. But it's coming, I just don't know when the timing is going to be, and who's going to win and who's going to lose from this. There are so many implications. The average consumer, if you explain to them this future, I think they're like, "What? That's not going to happen." But that's kind of how disruption happens. It can happen quickly. Greer: Yeah. And I was skeptical, we were talking about this beforehand, and I think the tricky part of this is for people -- and we all fit into this category -- who know how to drive, who grew up driving, making that transition, for me, at least, is very difficult, because I love driving, I love the psychology of being able to drive when I want, where I want. But, my kids, if they never learn to drive on their own, and this is the world they know, so what? Argersinger: Right. And I think Seba's point is a good one. It's just, when something happens so dramatically, where the cost drops 10X and it just becomes something that's so much more convenient, and if walking out of our front door every morning and getting into a shared car that pulls right up, and not dealing with traffic, and not dealing with having to park the car, and being dropped right in front of our office or wherever we're going, it's a compelling future. And if that's the case, I think it can happen pretty fast. But there's so much that has to happen before we even get to that point. Greer: And there's going to be that period, that transition period, where some vehicles, I assume, will be autonomous, and some vehicles not. If that's the case, I'm still driving, because I don't want to get in the car that's autonomous and trust that technology, realizing that there are human drivers on the road. I don't like that.  Kretzmann: I'll piggyback off this and ask a question. Any guesses for the top three-selling vehicles in the U.S. last year? Greer: The Ford F-150, that's the truck, I think, worldwide. Argersinger: Always in the top three. Greer: The Honda Accord? Kretzmann: Nope. No. 3 is Ram trucks, No. 2 Chevy Silverado, No. 1 Ford F-150. So, when I think of autonomous driving, I never think about a truck. But literally the top three-selling vehicles in the country are trucks. I don't know if anyone really wants an autonomous truck, necessarily. Argersinger: And, good luck, the guy who just bought the Ford F-150, good luck convincing him that he's going to get into an autonomous sedan at some point. Kretzmann: "Here's your Prius." Argersinger: Right. I agree. Greer: Are both of you guys there with the technology right now, if a Google driverless car pulls up right now and says, "I'll take you to Dallas Airport," are you good with that? Kretzmann: I would hop in, sure.  Argersinger: [laughs] What Mac said about other humans still being out there driving around ... I would, though, I'd be willing to give it a try, for sure. Greer: But you would feel better if they were all autonomous? Argersinger: Oh, absolutely. Greer: I would too. I'll take that bet. Kretzmann: Get rid of the human error whenever possible. Greer: Yes. OK, David, what are you maybe-so on? Kretzmann: I'm going with bottled and sparkling water. This is kind of a safe one, I'm leaning more yes than no on this one. It's probably no surprise, but looking at global bottled water consumption, it went from 212 billion liters in 2007 to 391 billion liters this year, that's estimated for this year. In the meantime, carbonated beverage sales in the U.S. have stagnated since 2010. You've seen Pepsi and [Coca-Cola] continue to struggle with that. They've been transitioning more and more to waters and juices and teas to ramp up their own growth. Even SodaStream has made a resurgence here in the U.S. and around the world since its repositioned itself from a pure soda alternative, where it would have these funky syrup flavors, and instead going the sparkling water route, saying, "These systems aren't to make soda, they're to make sparkling water." And lo and behold, they've done pretty well. One company in particular that I've continued to watch in this space, it's a really funky little company, they don't have conference calls, the CEO is probably the quirkiest guy you'll ever see running a public company, it's National Beverage, FIZZ is the ticker. The company has a couple segments now. They have a carbonated soft drink segment, with brands like Shasta and Faygo, kind of these offbeat -- Greer: Shasta, wow, there's a name I haven't heard in a while. Kretzmann: They also have the Powerplus brands segment, and the main driver with that is LaCroix, however you want to say that. Greer: Either is acceptable on Market Foolery. Kretzmann: We might do both, we'll see. But, right now, LaCroix is at about 9% market share, but it's the fastest growing sparkling water brand out there. They have the top two spots. A little boots on the ground research here, our local Whole Foods near us at HQ, any time you walk in, there's often a huge LaCroix display, either at the front of the store or at a pretty prominent location in the store. Another local store here in town, Balducci's, I walk by it just about every morning, there's a massive LaCroix display right in the front door. So, the stuff is selling like hotcakes, at least in Old Town Alexandria. And just looking over the past four quarters for that Powerplus brands segment, their case volume sales were up 31%, 46%, 40%, and 49%. So, they're putting up some staggering growth. The main question I have here is, is this a sustainable lasting trend, or is it still more of a fad? And I'm leaning more toward it being a trend, because I think as people become more health-conscious, they probably aren't going to go back to soda any time soon. But, I'm wondering, with the individual brands within that category, like LaCroix, are they actually here to stay, or can one of these bigger players just recreate it? Greer: I'm a skeptic here, because I love water. I love sparkling water without the sparkling part. The word for that is water. Kretzmann: You and me both. Greer: So, when you're competing with water, isn't that tough? That feels like really ... maybe they're not competing with water. Maybe sparkling water drinkers would be drinking soda otherwise? Kretzmann: I think a lot of people who are trying to transition out of soda will go to LaCroix or sparking water. Greer: It's like that nicotine patch. Kretzmann: Something like that. Personally, I've tried it, and they don't really taste sweet, so it hasn't been very appealing to me. But I'm not a soda drinker, either. But I look at that sales growth, and over the past year, their sales growth has accelerated to 15%, and their earnings are up over 70%, so their margins are continuing to tick up. So, it's that LaCroix brand, for National Beverage, anyway, is driving those sales. But then, thinking a little bit bigger picture, you have the energy drink market, with Monster and Red Bull, and that category has almost doubled in the U.S. since 2010. So, I look at that and I kind of scratch my head. It's not just a clear trend toward healthy drinking. That's why, for me, it's still a little bit up in the air, especially when you're looking at individual brands like LaCroix -- how much staying power do they actually have? Greer: OK, we will leave it there. Matt, you are yes on airlines, no on oil, and a maybe on autonomous vehicles. David, you are yes on online grocery shopping, no on fitness trackers, and a maybe on sparkling water. Bottled water, too? Kretzmann: Sure, we'll throw that in there. Argersinger: How about some trends there, huh? Greer: Yeah, that was good. I threw my own in here at the end. I'm a yes on love and marriage, I'm a no on cynicism, and I'm a strong maybe on wearing Crocs out in public. How do you come down on that one? Argersinger: That wins. You won, Mac. Greer: Would you wear Crocs in public? Argersinger: I don't own a pair of Crocs, and I probably wouldn't wear them anywhere.  Greer: [laughs] David? Kretzmann: I go the comfort route. If they feel good, I might just do it. Greer: Good. That sounds like a no, though. Kretzmann: It depends who I'm with. [laughs]  Greer: [laughs] Matt, David, thanks for joining me! As always, people on the show may have interests in the stocks that they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Mac Greer. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. David Kretzmann owns shares of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, FireEye, Monster Beverage, National Beverage, Nike, Panera Bread, SodaStream, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. Mac Greer owns shares of Apple and Chipotle Mexican Grill. Matthew Argersinger owns shares of Amazon, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. Matthew Argersinger has the following options: short December 2017 $800 puts on Amazon, short July 2017 $17.5 puts on Under Armour (C Shares), and long January 2019 $45 calls on Nike. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Fitbit, Ford, Monster Beverage, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil, Panera Bread, and SodaStream. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron, Crocs, and FireEye. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Mac Greer (TMFMac) None Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 2:20PM Consumer Goods Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Bullish, Bearish, and On the Fence for These Major Trends @themotleyfool #stocks
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Each of these companies is making its own play in the burgeoning wearable technology market -- and paying out cash to their investors along the way. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Jun 1, 2017 at 2:28PM The wearable technology sector is projected to be worth $51.6 billion annually in just five years, according to MarketsandMarkets research, and in 2016, more than 102 million wearable devices were shipped, up 25% year over year. There are plenty of wearable tech stocks for investors to choose from, but those looking to ride all of this growth and receive a dividend should consider these leaders: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). Here's why: Image source: Apple. Apple   Apple has yet to overtake Fitbit as the wearable tech leader by shipments, but considering that Fitbit doesn't pay a dividend, Apple is one of the best plays on the market.  According to IDC's fourth-quarter 2016 data (the most recent available) Apple had its "best quarter ever in the wearables market" and shipped 4.6 million of its Apple Watch smartwatches, up 13% year over year. That was enough to give the company the No. 3 spot in wearable shipments, behind Fitbit and Xiaomi.  Apple pays out a quarterly dividend, which it has increased every year since it first issued one in 2012. The 10.5% boost it gave its dividend in its most recent quarter makes the tech giant an even more compelling buy for income investors. Garmin Garmin has carved out its own niche among athletes in the wearable tech space, and currently falls just behind Apple in shipments. The good news for Garmin was that it boosted the average selling price (ASP) of its devices in Q4 2016 to $258, up from $200 last year. Additionally, its new Fenix 5 smartwatch should enhance the company's mass-market appeal, and boost its 2017 sales numbers.  On its fiscal Q1 2017 earnings call, the company said that despite a drop off in basic activity tracker demand, "we are very pleased with the performance of advanced wearables with GPS capability, which experienced robust growth during the quarter and nearly offset the steep decline of basic activity trackers." Garmin has a trailing dividend yield of 3.92%, has raised its payout annually for the past five years, and sports a solid payout ratio of 58.29%. The company's combination of a strong position in the wearables space and generous dividend make its stock a good bet for investors. Microsoft If you're thinking "Microsoft doesn't sell wearables anymore!" you're right. After a poor response to the Microsoft Band 2, the company didn't even bring its Band 3 to the shelves, essentially exiting the market last year.  But recently, Microsoft announced that it was partnering with Trekstor to bring a completely new type of wearable to market. Instead of focusing on consumer devices (nearly the entire market right now), they will produce a yet-to-be-named wearable for the commercial market.  Microsoft said on its website that this wearable could replace larger hand-held devices in the retail inventory management, guest services, industrial automation, and patient care segments across several sectors. In short, Microsoft wants to develop wearable that helps make people's jobs easier.  The only specs that have been revealed thus far are that it will have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, voice messaging, a one-day battery life, and a 1.54-inch Gorilla Glass 3 display. The device hasn't been unveiled yet, but if and when it arrives, Microsoft will have a first-mover advantage in a nearly untapped commercial segment of the wearables space. An additional benefit for Microsoft will lay in selling its software and services for the device, which it says will run Universal Windows applications and use the Azure cloud for services like Microsoft Cognitive Services. If the speculative nature of that wearables bet makes you a bit nervous, remember that Microsoft has a current dividend yield of 2.2%, a 66% payout ratio, and 13 long years of annual dividend increases. Qualcomm Qualcomm's processors are well-known in the mobile space, but the company is also a significant player in wearables. Its Snapdragon Wear processors can be found in more than 100 wearable devices, including over 80% of Android Wear smartwatches. The company also announced earlier this year that its Snapdragon 835 chip would be used in a set of new smart, AR glasses for Osterhout Design Group (ODG). Qualcomm noted at the time that the new 835 was specifically designed for "experiences beyond mobile phones" and the ODG smart glasses were the first design win for the chip. It's worth noting that while there's a lot of potential for Qualcomm's processors in the wearables space, the segment is still small compared to the company's mobile and licensing businesses. Income investors will be pleased with Qualcomm's strong dividend yield of 3.6%, and 14 years of consecutive dividend growth. Samsung Samsung made it on to IDC's top-five wearable vendor list last year, shipping 4.4 million of its smartwatches and fitness trackers -- a 33.6% year over year increase from 2015.  Samsung differentiates itself from its rivals by offering some of the only LTE-enabled smartwatches on the market. This allows its devices, like the new Gear S3 and Frontier, to have full functionality without having to be tethered to a smartphone.  The company has a trailing 12-month dividend yield of 1.4% and a 16.6% payout ratio -- which leaves plenty of room for dividend improvements for investors looking to bet on a top wearable tech player. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Fitbit, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 2:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Garmin NASDAQ:GRMN $52.95 up $0.21 (0.40%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $MSFT, $GRMN, $SSNLF
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Martin Hajek The best new iPhone 8 feature hasn’t even leaked yet Chris Smith @chris_writes June 1st, 2017 at 11:33 AM Share Tweet The iPhone 8 is expected to offer fans a few innovations that have never been seen on an iPhone before. The list of rumored features includes an almost bezel-less OLED screen, home button functionality backed into the screen including the Touch ID sensor, wireless charging, a 3D front-facing camera complete with facial recognition support, and a new A-series processor that’s faster than anything out there. Various design leaks have also provided more indirect evidence supporting these rumored features. But the one feature that should end up being the best new thing about the iPhone 8 hasn’t even leaked yet. Don't Miss: Meet the $40 box that can play every NES game ever made It’s already June, which means come next Monday Apple will unveil a variety of new products during its WWDC 2017 keynote. And it’s not just software novelties, rumors say, as Apple is going to unveil quite a few new products during the event, including a new iPad, MacBook refreshes, and possibly a Siri speaker. iOS and macOS will be the stars of the show, however. Which brings me to the iPhone 8’s best new feature: iOS 11. Without iOS powering the iPhone, all we have is a piece of hardware that looks like every other smartphone out there. But iOS is really the one thing that keeps fans loyal to the iPhone. Sure, the hardware is amazing, but iOS is really what makes me want to stay inside Apple’s ecosystem. And I suspect that’s the case for many other iPhone users. Unlike in previous years, Apple somehow managed to prevent major iOS leaks. We’re just days away from WWDC 2017 and there have not been any major scoops about the operating system. We have no idea what’s coming, and I suspect that Apple will do its very best to keep some of iOS 11’s gems a secret during the keynote and even after the first iOS 11 betas are released, as they would practically confirm details about the iPhone 8’s features and final design. Rumors say the iPhone 8 will support wireless charging as well as AR and VR. These features could be confirmed by iOS 11 leaks months before the iPhone 8 actually ships. Even the new Touch ID fingerprint sensor’s functionality could be explained by an iOS 11 leak. Reports have also indicated that Apple is taking secrecy to a whole new level, and it looks like it’s working well so far. While Apple can’t control leaks from component makers and manufacturing partners, it sure seems like it was able to contain any software leaks, which could only originate from Cupertino. Tags: Apple, iOS 11, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project By Yoni Heisler 11 hours ago People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly By Chris Smith 15 hours ago Why Apple’s ‘Messages’ app won’t be coming to Android, now or ever By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker By Tom Brant June 1, 2017 01:16pm EST 10 Comments A standalone Siri speaker would help Apple better compete against the likes of Google Home and Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Look for it at WWDC next week. Apple is set to bring Siri to a standalone speaker akin to the Google Home or Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Apple could announce the Siri speaker at WWDC next week, although it wouldn't be ready to ship until later this year, Bloomberg reports, citing people familiar with the matter. Although Siri first launched in 2011, long before voice assistants from Google and Amazon, users must currently interact with it via Apple's existing products, including Macs, iPhones, and the Apple TV. Giving Siri its own dedicated speaker would allow Apple to ride the more recent phenomenon of always-listening voice assistants that can perform home automation tasks—via Apple's HomeKit protocol—in addition to looking up sports scores and reading weather reports. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Related With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party While the rumored Apple speaker would directly compete with the Echo and Google Home, Siri has had a rudimentary ability to constantly listen and respond to "Hey, Siri" commands since the iPhone 6s was introduced in September 2015. But that experience falls far short of what a dedicated speaker offers, since it relies on your phone's speakers and microphone to do the listening and the talking. Rumors of a Siri speaker raises the question of what Microsoft has in the works to keep its Cortana voice assistant competitive. The Cortana-powered Harman Kardon Invoke speaker is one possibility. Announced last month, the Invoke is scheduled to ship this fall. This week, Microsoft also teased a digital assistant from HP, a small puck-like speaker akin to the Amazon Echo Dot. "The new HP digital assistant featuring Cortana is a standalone personal assistant device that does not need to connect to a Windows 10 PC to provide a complete intelligent speaker experience," Microsoft said in a statement to The Verge. It's unclear when it will go on sale. Back to top Previous : Paul Allen's Massive Stratolaunch Aircraft Emerges From Hang... The Latest Snapchat Rip-Off Is Skype Highlights Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Fix Wi-Fi Troubles With the Samsung Connect Home The new Samsung Connect Home Wi-Fi mesh system is available for pre-order on June 2. It also functio... More » Want a US Visa? Your Twitter Handle, Please A new visa application form requests social media handles, but not passwords, from some applicants. ... More » Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ Promises Faster, Cooler Charging Dead batteries will become undead 15 percent faster thanks to new Qualcomm tech that monitors chargi... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
null
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Colors Plus New Nike 'Day to Night' Apple Watch Sports Bands now available! By Joseph Keller Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:15 pm EDT 0 Comments Nike is now offering a "Day to Night" collection of Apple Watch Sports Bands — go get 'em! Nike has launched a new, colorful collection of bands for the Apple Watch. This new collection is inspired by the Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit (Day to Night" collection of running shoes and all of the bands are all in the same perforated style that has so far defined the Nike Sports Bands. From Nike: The "Day to Night" collection celebrates runners whenever they choose to run – at twilight, sunset and everything in between. Each of the colors is inspired by a shade of the sky, from dawn to dusk, and allows runners to – for the first time – make a statement by matching their Apple Watch Nike+ bands to their footwear. Just as with the standard Apple and Nike Sports Bands for Apple Watch, the Day to Night collection is priced at $49 per band. You can get your hands on them on now from Nike's website or at select Nike retail locations. The bands will come to Apple's online store, Apple Stores, and authorized resellers later this month. The site is a little wonky right now, and I can't get the links to work, but that should be fixed soon. See at Nike Apple Watch watchOS 3 review Apple Watch Series 2 review Apple Watch buyers guide Apple Watch users guide Apple Watch news Apple Watch discussion Buy at Apple Reader comments New Nike 'Day to Night' Apple Watch Sports Bands now available! 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Bahrain KSA UAE Kuwait Qatar Oman Middle East GDN Online App available on App Store / Play Store 05 June 2017 ARCHIVES  |  SEARCH  |  POST ADS  |  ADVERTISE  |  SUBSCRIBE   |  LOGIN   |  CONTACT US NEWS Bahrain Middle East World BUSINESS Bahrain Middle East World SPORTS Football Cricket F1 Other Sports ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood TV Celebs Reviews Leisure Scene Cinema TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION Letters Comment ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Tech Talk AFP San Francisco: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device - speculation about which has been swirling for months - could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant - this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. You Might Like Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Apple and Nokia see deeper partnership after ending patent dispute Google success in U.S. schools forces Microsoft, Apple to scramble Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program The iPhone of cars? Apple enters self-driving car race More Tech Talk An alert researcher, teamwork helped stem huge cyberattack Ashraf’s unveils Sony α9 camera Beware! Clicking random links on Whatsapp could install malware on your phone Beware! Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China, Japan extract combustible ice from sea floor Dish unveils $999 system to make live online video easier Facebook aims for broad views in 'trending topics' tweak Facebook knows a lot about you, here's how you can find it Facebook moves to curb violent videos NEWS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST WORLD BUSINESS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST INTERNATIONAL SPORTS FOOTBALL CRICKET F1 OTHER SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT HOLLYWOOD BOLLYWOOD TV CELEBS REVIEWS LEISURE SCENE CINEMA TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG OPINION LETTERS COMMENT EDITIONS BAHRAIN SAUDIARABIA UAE KUWAIT QATAR OMAN MIDDLE EAST ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISE TERMS OF USE READERS POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT US CONTACT US GULF DAILY NEWS P.O.Box 5300, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain NEWSROOM Phone: +973 17 620 222 Fax: +973 17 622 141 Email: gdnnews@gdn.com.bh ADVERTISING Phone: 973 17 293 131 Fax: +973 17 293 400 Email: alison.lillywhite@tradearabia.net CLASSIFIEDS Phone: +973 17 299 110 Email: classifieds@tradearabia.net SUBSCRIPTION Phone: +973 17 290 000 Email: gdnhd@tradearabia.net ©Copyright 2017 gdnonline.com - Kingdom of Bahrain. Website / App designed & developed by North Star Technologies.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Anthony Bouchard on June 1, 2017 4 A significant number of new Nike Apple Watch band colors are now available for purchase from Nike’s Website, signifying an expansion of the Apple/Nike partnership. The four new colors are intended to match that of Nike‘s Air VaporMax Flyknit ‘Day to Night’ shoe lineup, giving users a way to match their tech to their shoes in style. Among the different new color choices are: Light violet/white Blue orbit/gamma blue Violet dust/plug fog Indigo/black Like all Nike Apple Watch Sport bands of the past, these new colors are available online via Nike’s website for $49.00 for both 38mm and 42mm Apple Watches and fit all models. They’re all made from the same sweat-resistant fluoroelastomer material as every other Sport band ever made, so they’re just as comfortable during workouts and everyday life. The new Nike bands aren’t available on Apple’s website yet, but some Nike retail stores and authorized re-sellers around the world may also begin carrying the new band colors on their shelves in early June; their availability will be limited to select areas and not available to everyone in this manner. Fortunately, there’s no indication that these new Nike Apple Watch bands are limited edition like the NikeLab was. This means you won’t have to rush to buy it ASAP like you had to with the NikeLab. As of this writing, many of the new Nike bands for Apple Watch seem to have already sold out of their initial stocks online. Since other sources are expected to begin selling the new bands at a later date this month, stocks should be replenished not too long in the future. In the meantime, you can pick up a pair of matching Air Vapormax Flynit shoes for $190 on Nike’s website starting today. Will you be picking up one of the new Nike Apple Watch bands? Share in the comments section below! Tagged: Accessories Apple Apple Watch Band Fitness News Nike watchOS MORE FROM iDB Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Twelve South’s new ActionSleeve for Apple Watch is designed for the active lifestyle Apple drops Apple Watch price to $299 as it introduces new bands nova12 42mm all sold out. Wow. Anthony Bouchard Right?! I felt the same way when I visited the website to look at the NikeLab watch. It was sold out before I got to it. nova12 I guess all those people who say the watch is a fail really nailed it lol Ramon Wish we could also get the nike watch faces with these bands. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Apple’s Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos – TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jun 1st, 2017 1:13 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk about how today’s announcements from Apple mean we’re in store for some big WWDC announcements, plus they discuss how the rumored Siri Speaker may be a Sonos competitor. MP3 Feed Feedback TDO 2017-06-01: Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans 1:13 PM Jun. 1st, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk about how today’s announcements from Apple mean we’re in store for some big WWDC announcements,... Monday’s Apple WWDC Keynote Just got Even More Exciting Apple’s Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Likely Targets Sonos, Too TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, keynote, podcast, Siri speaker, sonos, WWDC, wwdc2017 Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 18202 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1496322829 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Apple’s Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read Jun 1st, 2017 10:57 AM EDT | News Developers selling apps through Apple’s App Store have been paid over US$70 billion since it first launched in 2008. Apple shared that detail only a couple days ahead of its annual Worldwide Developer Conference, which kicks off on Monday, June 4th. App Store developer payments top $70B Based on the 30% cut Apple takes from App Store sales, that’s about $30 billion in the company’s coffers. Apple senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller said, Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference. Active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year. App Store downloads are on the increase, too, jumping 70% over the past 12 months. The timing of Apple’s announcement is anything but coincidence. Third party apps are the blood flowing through macOS and iOS’s veins and Apple is reinforcing its symbiotic relationship with developers through the App Store ahead of next week’s conference. WWDC is Apple’s annual event where developers get to see what’s coming in the next major macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS releases. They also get to spend time with Apple’s own engineers and learn more about coding for those platforms. Along with previews of macOS 10.13, iOS 11, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11, Apple is expected to show off new hardware during its Monday morning keynote. Rumors point to a Touch Bar MacBook Pro refresh, and the unveiling of a 10.5-inch iPad Pro and the Siri Speaker. The Mac Observer will be on location in San Jose next week for WWDC, so be sure to follow along with our event coverage and analysis. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: App Store, developers, iPhone, Mac, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18173 Jeff Gamet news 0 1496314635 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software The keyboard on Windows phones may be coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets 59 seconds ago Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products 16 minutes ago Bethesda Game Studios is working on a free-to-play game 3 hours ago Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 3 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 3 hours ago Internal builds confirm Microsoft will remove Silverlight support for Windows 10 Mobile 8 hours ago Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 Groove Music gets Fluent Design overhaul on PC, Windows 10 Mobile production builds Jun 3, 2017 View all Microsoft news LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes 9 hours ago Google's Street View celebrates its 10th anniversary Jun 3, 2017 Those in Canada can now preorder Google Home Jun 3, 2017 KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 View all Google news Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products 16 minutes ago US tech firms pledge to meet Paris climate targets Jun 3, 2017 Images said to be of new iPhone show off large display, and rear Touch ID sensor Jun 2, 2017 Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch Jun 2, 2017 View all Apple news SafeInCloud 17.2.1 16 hours ago Nox App Player 3.8.3.0 17 hours ago Shotcut 17.06 18 hours ago FileZilla 3.26.1 [Update] Jun 2, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes 9 hours ago Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs Windows and Android shipping in August Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus releases an image that teases the size of the OnePlus 5 Jun 4, 2017 KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 3 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get Pagico 8.7 for just $19.99 - 60% off via Neowin Deals Jun 2, 2017 Get this Complete Python Programming Bundle at 93% off via Neowin Deals - now just $79 Jun 1, 2017 Get this Unity System Samsung S8 Mount & Case Bundle for just $21.99 May 31, 2017 Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals May 30, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple may announce a Siri-powered speaker next week, but it won't ship until later this year By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · May 31, 2017 with 10 comments On Monday, Apple will kick off its annual developer conference, WWDC 2017. While the firm will announce its usual updates to its operating systems, it might also announce a new standalone Siri-powered speaker, similar to Google's Home, Amazon's Echo, and Harman Kardon's Cortana-powered Invoke. The report comes from Bloomberg, and the device has allegedly already entered production. Unfortunately for those that want to get their hands on such a speaker, it won't ship until later on this year. The speaker will offer "virtual surround sound technology", which would be a differentiator from its competitors. Naturally, its other differentiators would be Apple services, such as Apple Music, and integration with the company's devices. The firm will also likely offer developers the opportunity to implement third-party "skills" with the device, as its competitors already do. This is why WWDC seems like a natural time for Apple to announce such a device, as it's a developer conference, even if the speaker isn't slated to actually be released until the end of the year. Nevertheless, Apple should have quite a bit lined up for its day one keynote on Monday. Aside from major updates to iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS, the company is also rumored to be announcing new hardware, including new iPad Pros and new MacBooks. Tags Apple Siri Siri speaker Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft Planner app for Office 365 users now available for Android too Next Story Kingsoft backtracks on halting WPS Office for Linux Community Activity Refresh Thinkpad T430 and a 2k monitor in Hardware Hangout Intel: 8th-generation 'Coffee Lake' Core processors offer 30% performance boost over 7th-gen in Front Page News Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 in Front Page News Internal builds confirm Microsoft will remove Silverlight support for Windows 10 Mobile in Front Page News Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products in Front Page News Pranks - Last Day Of School ! in Jokes & Funny Stuff Hi Everyone in Introduce Yourself Man mows his lawn in Canada as huge tornado looms in the background in Real World News Advertisement Trending Stories $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs Windows and Android shipping in August Jun 4, 2017 with 22 comments OnePlus releases an image that teases the size of the OnePlus 5 Jun 4, 2017 with 10 comments KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 with 2 comments Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 3 hours ago with 8 comments Related Stories Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products 16 minutes ago Siri saves a man's life by calling the authorities for help May 15, 2017 Reports suggest Apple very likely to unveil new 10.5-inch iPad at WWDC May 14, 2017 Apple might announce its high-end answer to Amazon's Echo at WWDC 2017 May 3, 2017 Show Comments 10 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $55.00 89% off UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review codename 'northstar' Images emerge of Microsoft's cancelled 'Lumia 960' flagship lumia 960 catch up! A week of Essential Androids, Windows 10 Mobile PCs, and Winsider mayhem 7 days VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo First Xbox Insider build for Version 1706 rolls out to Alpha ring alpha ring Microsoft reveals the "next generation of Skype" across all major platforms skype Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky News 2017-06-04 Man Dies Of Flesh-Eating Vibrio Vulnificus Bacteria After Tattoo Session News 2017-06-04 Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date: Why It’s A Good Idea To Wait Until Next Week Before Buying A Laptop Gadgets 2 0 0 June 1, 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date: Why It’s A Good Idea To Wait Until Next Week Before Buying A Laptop Mark Jason Alcala Prospective laptop buyers should probably wait a bit more before making their purchase. If speculations are indeed correct, the highly anticipated MacBook Pro 2017 release date could be revealed very soon. Buyers hunting for the perfect professional-grade laptop might want to heed the recommendation of Tech Radar to wait just for a few more days. According to the publication, there are hints that Apple could be unveiling the newest MacBook Pro 2017 release date during the upcoming WWDC 2017 conference. And that’s only a few days from now. The Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) is an annual event started by the tech giant in 1990 and used as a venue to showcase its latest technological products such as the latest software as well as the newest models for its numerous gadget lines. This year, the WWDC 2017 is scheduled this coming June 5 to 9 and, according to numerous speculations, the event would be used to launch the 2017 model of its premiere laptop line, the MacBook Pro. At the moment, it even appears that Apple is subtly telling buyers to postpone their laptop purchases for a few more days. Keen-eyed observers were quick to note that the delivery dates for the current 15-inch MacBook Pro in its online store have been pushed out. Apple is offering a very delayed free delivery by June 6-8 which, incidentally, is right in the middle of the WWDC event. Apple hints you should wait to buy that MacBook Pro https://t.co/TxYrfsomFE pic.twitter.com/53CcPt0Hht — Engadget (@engadget) May 31, 2017 However, it appears that only the free delivery dates for the 15-inch MacBook Pro model are delayed. For instance, Apple will still deliver for free within 24 hours for purchases of the 13-inch models. This presents the possibility that the tech giant could be planning to unveil a new version in the coming WWDC 2017 but only for the 15-inch model, according to MacRumors. In past releases, Apple opted to stagger the launch of different models of the MacBook Pro. For instance, the 15-inch model of the laptop was released in June, 2012, while the 13-inch model was launched only by October of the same year. Of course, the delayed delivery for the current 15-inch MacBook model could also be caused by other factors not necessarily related to the rumored release of the 2017 version. A possible explanation is that supply for the 13-inch model is plentiful resulting in a prompt delivery for online orders while its 15-inch counterpart might be a bit scarce at the moment. Here’s one more sign the MacBook Pro 2017 could be announced next week https://t.co/viFKd0d1yX pic.twitter.com/4pGzrx4lNT — ModernMSP (@ModernMsp) May 31, 2017 As far as specs of the upcoming MacBook Pro 2017, there are exciting rumors saying that the new laptop could come with a more powerful processor. According to MacWorld, there are speculations that the new laptop will feature Kaby Lake processors as well as a new chip designed by Apple that could address its power performance issues. Apple is also expected to unveil a host of new products aside from the MacBook Pro 2017. For instance, there are speculations saying that the company may use the event to showcase a new iPad Pro to replace the current 9.7-inch model. The new iPad is expected to have a higher-resolution display, which is probably a well-timed move considering that that iPad Pro line is over a year old. While it may or may not be true, rumors of the MacBook Pro 2017 to be launched in the coming WWDC event have become pretty widespread. To the prospective laptop buyer, it might be a wise move to hold off buying for a bit a wait for a couple more days to see what surprises Apple has in store in the coming WWDC. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Mark Jason Alcala Tags: 2017 MacBook Pro, Apple December 20, 2014 Congress Again Spends $120 Million On Abrams Tanks The Army Said It Doesn’t Want December 20, 2014 Politician Who Follows Duke University Porn Star Belle Knox Says His Twitter Was Hacked Comments LATEST HEADLINES Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Son Gets Life In Prison For Murdering Father, Stabbing Him 60 Times Followed By A Hammer Attack Megyn Kelly Asks Russian President Vladimir Putin, ‘Do You Have Something Damaging On Donald Trump?’ Joseline Hernandez To Launch Movie Career, Talk Show After ‘LHHATL’ Departure Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani ‘The Worst Co-Host Of All Time’ WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Rob Kardashian: Blac Chyna Furious Over Meghan James Romance, Demands Full Custody Of Dream? Gloria Govan: Derek Fisher’s Girlfriend Had Sex With Laura Govan’s Ex-Husband, Says Basketball Wives LA Sister Misleading Media: Trump’s Approval Rating Declined Much Less Compared To Past Presidents Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.3k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s Swift Playgrounds gets robot hook-up with LEGO, Parrot, more Chris Davies - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Swift Playgrounds, Apple’s software developing toolkit intended to encourage kids to learn code, is breaking out of the iPad and connecting with educational toys from LEGO, Parrot, and more. Launched at WWDC 2016 a year ago, Swift Playgrounds took Apple’s programming language and wrapped it up in an iPad app that aimed to be equal parts education and entertainment. Now, the fruits of Swift Playgrounds will be able to engage with devices in the real-world. In an update due next week, there’ll be support for select third-party robotics devices and more. Using Bluetooth, the iPad will be able to connect directly to LEGO’s MINDSTORMS Education EV3, Sphero’s SPRK+ ball-shaped robot, Parrot’s drones, UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, Wonder Workshop’s Dash, and the Skoog cube. After that, code created in Swift Playgrounds on that iPad will be able to instantly control the wirelessly-paired device. The goal, Apple says, is to make the immediate impact of software more obvious, not to mention more engaging. While some young people take readily to the idea of coding on a display, others might respond better when they see a physical manifestation of their programming. According to the Cupertino company, currently more than a million children and adults are using Swift Playgrounds around the world. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds,” Craig Federighi, senior vice president of Software Engineering at Apple said today. “It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” For instance, with a LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 kit, apps created in Swift Playgrounds will be able to set DIY robots walking, scurrying, and rolling across the desktop, while robotic arms will be able to grab items and more. The apps will have access to the MINDSTORMS sensors, too, for more complex interactions. Similarly, Sphero’s SPRK+ robotic ball will open up its motors, lights, and sensors to Swift Playgrounds. From Parrot’s line-up, the Mambo, Airborne, and Rolling Spider drones will all be compatible, including everything from takeoff to landing with aerial stunts along the way. UBTECH’s LEGO-esque robot will fully controllable, as will the blob-like robot from Wonder Workshop. Finally, Skoog’s music-centric cube controller will offer an unusual interface for physically controlling software. It’s a big advance for the software suite – one of the goals of which, of course, is to encourage kids to get started on an Apple-friendly programming language – but also an unusual time to announce it. Apple says that Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with all this support for third-party devices will be available as a free download from the App Store come Monday, June 5th. That’s the first day of WWDC 2017, and indeed you might have expected Apple to save this news until its annual developer event, just as you could’ve expected its App Store payout milestone to be a feature of the opening keynote. That it hasn’t does lend some credence to the idea that the keynote will be jam-packed with other things. Believed to be on the cards are new MacBook Pro models, new macOS accessories, and new iPad Pro tablets. If you can’t wait for the latter, you’ll be able to run Swift Playgrounds 1.5 on any iPad Air and iPad Pro models, or the iPad mini 2 and later, running iOS 10 or later. Tags AppleeducationallegoParrotRoboticsSpheroSwift Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted June 1, 2017 at 4:24pm by iClarified · 4503 views · Translate Apple has announced that its Swift Playgrounds coding education app for iPad will soon support learning to code using robots, drones, and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Swift Playgrounds will let you program and control these devices from within the app: ● LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations’ motors and sensors. ● Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code. ● Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create. ● UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance. ● Dash by Wonder Workshop is an exciting, hands-on learning robot for students, designed to teach the fundamentals of coding, creative problem solving and computational thinking. ● Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code. Pricing & Availability Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with support for third-party devices will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or later. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections   Print Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 12:59 PM EDT © Digital Trends From Digital TrendsMore>> Nintendo delays its Switch online service, but gives us pricing and details Nintendo delays its Switch online service, but gives us pricing and details The Switch is riding a wave of momentum, but this online service will shape its future.More > The Switch is riding a wave of momentum, but this online service will shape its future.More > Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More > If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More > As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses. More > Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses.More > Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More > While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More > The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More > Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More > Everything you need to know about Android Pay Everything you need to know about Android Pay Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore > Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore > 'Injustice 2' review With a story, loot, and leveling, 'Injustice 2' is much more than a fighting game The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More > The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More > ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More > There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More > ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More > Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More > Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore > Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore >    By Trevor Mogg Provided by It seems as if we’re just a few days away from Apple unveiling a Siri-enabled speaker similar to Amazon’s range of Echo devices and Google’s Home offering. The Cupertino, California-based company has started manufacturing the device, “people familiar with the matter” told Bloomberg this week, and it could be shown off during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference which kicks off in San Jose, California, on June 5. However, anyone keen to get their hands on the Siri-controlled smart speaker may have to exercise some patience, as the sources said it won’t be ready to ship until “later in the year.” This latest news comes just a few weeks after a report from the same media outlet claimed Apple engineers were already testing the speaker out in their own homes, putting it through its paces in a bid to perfect its design, though an “advanced prototype” of the device was apparently ready “late last year.” Notably, Bloomberg’s sources claim the speaker won’t include a display, setting it apart from Amazon’s recently launched Echo Show speaker that offers extra functionality via its 7-inch color touchscreen. But apparently it’s under the hood that Apple hopes to really score points, with “more advanced acoustics technology” enabling “virtual surround sound” that’s more powerful and crisper than that offered by rival devices. It may also have built-in sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and adjust the audio accordingly for the best possible sound. Aiming to weave customers more tightly into the Apple ecosystem, the expected speaker will act as a hub compatible with Apple’s HomeKit platform, enabling users to control home appliances through voice commands. You should also be able to call out questions for Siri to answer, and issue commands such as song requests from your music library or Apple Music to play through the speaker. Further functionality will be possible thanks to Apple’s move last year to finally open Siri to third-party developers. With talk of an unveil for the speaker at next week’s WWDC, together with rumors of product launches for upgraded MacBooks and a number of new iPads, the event could be the most hardware-focused WWDC in several years. Be sure to check back for all the news from Apple’s much-anticipated event from Monday. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News Apple Has Paid App Store Developers $70 Billion Since Launch Author Eli Hodapp Posted On2017-06-01 12:37:21 News With WWDC right around the corner, Apple is jumping the gun with sharing some of their mind-boggling statistics when it comes to the App Store. Since the launch of the App Store in 2008, Apple has paid App Store developers seventy billion dollars. Additionally, app download rates continue to soar with Apple seeing an increase of 70% in overall downloads this year alone. Apple typically kicks off their WWDC keynote (which is Monday at 10:00 AM Pacific) boasting about how great everything is going, so don't be surprised to hear even more crazy statistics like this next week. One stat I'd be particularly interested in seeing is how that $70 billion breaks down amongst developers. From the trends we've seen on the App Store and the experiences we've heard from indie developers lately, it wouldn't surprise me at all if that $70B has gone to a single-digit percentage of the currently registered Apple developers. "We've paid $70B to developers" sounds like an amazing stat, but I'm not sure it's indicative of overall market health, rather, I'm reasonably certain all it's really illustrating is the incredible money making machines that Supercell, Machine Zone, and others have managed to create on mobile. Don't get me wrong, it's cool that mobile has seen smash hits like Pokemon Go [Free], Clash of Clans [Free], and similar... But with premium games all but becoming extinct in an ecosystem that only supports the top-end of the App Store with big-budget free to play, I'm not sure there's tons to brag about. But, eh, we've ranted about this so many times now there's not much point in getting into it again. [via MacRumors] Musgravian Musings - 'Pokemon: Magikarp Jump' is a Crash Course in the Cruel Nature of Mortality Craneballs Teases Mysterious 'Fling Fighters' and is Looking for Beta Testers Sobriquet Absolutely agree. It's not as if Apple has created an environment that's inviting and prosperous. They're just feed a few very hungry mouths while thousands of others are struck by famine. curtisrshideler I love your rants, though. haranbane Yeah the AppStore lacks in terms of visibility, still this article is pretty fussy imo. I mean Apple/Google/Amazon/etc. just give people the opportunity to sell their products. I think we would all agree, that selling things (no matter if its an Apps on the AppStore or a flat-iron on Amazon) consists of more than designing a good product. Don't get me wrong, this would be amazing BUT it simply does not work that way. W/o spending money/effort on marketing people will not even realise that you or your product exists no matter how good it is. There are just so many people releasing Apps every single day. Who do we count responsible for this problem? hellscaretaker I know of developer that gone to wall cause of free to play market and they had quality game. Taeles To bad they don't give a little slice of that to certain really fantastic mobile gaming coverage websites. watevs What pay when they are already doing it for free ac166 Interesting mario run is highlighted as a smash hit in the release 🙂 Stormourner of the Nature "But with premium games all but becoming extinct in an ecosystem that only supports the top-end of the App Store with big-budget free to play" lol you gonna anger a lot of premium fanpeople, premium games will not extinct as long as there's ports from other platforms Michal Hochmajer Why would this anger anyone? It is just reality of the market! Ports are only serious games on the platform. But i can easily imagine situation, where next generation of gamers, raised purely by f2p games, will not spend a single dime. Number of port can also decline over time, if developers will make less on ios then anywhere else. Plus waiting year for a port... There is a lot in Eli's words...sadly. Stormourner of the Nature haha premium fanpeople can be short tempered ask yourself a question do you think every premium games is gonna satisfies me? of course not because only few will satisfies me, even if they have awards and positive reviews I can't simply buy them and I will only buy premium games which I find them important, it's not easy to get people into premium games and I got my friend into Armello and they love it so much, some of my friends doesn't like freemium games but when I ask them to try a rare premium game they don't seem to try it "But i can easily imagine situation, where next generation of gamers, raised purely by f2p games, will not spend a single dime" I disagree because the kids will not stick with the freemium games for too long and I know they want to buy premium games if they had the chance, when I got my first iPad I only download freemium games and lite version of premium games until my sibling gave me a gift card and I went straight to buy the important premium games, see? I didn't stick with free games for too long Michal Hochmajer There is something hypnotizing in this money machine picture... A bit Hypnotoadish. Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Chat With Us Join us on the TouchArcade Discord server Latest Podcast WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 Latest Reviews $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Beholder Role PlayingUniversal 2 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarNone Subdivision Infinity AdventureUniversal 3 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarNone Chroma Squad StrategyUniversal 6 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarNoneNone [Premium] RPG Onigo Hunter Role PlayingUniversal 1 week ago $3.99 StarStarStarStarStar Steredenn ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Penarium ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago Hot Games Free Rogue Wizards Role PlayingUniversal Released 1 week ago $6.99 Epic Little War Game StrategyUniversal Released 4 days ago Free Bouncy Hoops SportsUniversal Released 4 days ago Free Maze Bandit PuzzleUniversal Released 5 days ago Free One Tap Rally SportsUniversal Released 4 weeks ago Free Crazy Taxi Gazillionaire StrategyUniversal Released 4 days ago Game Releases Stolen Thunder - A Unique Action Puzzle Adventure (by Jason Nowak) (18) Epic Little War Game (By Rubicon) (41) Bouncy Hoops (by Studio Generative and Noodlecake) (63) Level 24 (by Super Mad Games) (13) Rogue Wizards (by Spellbind Studios) (436) Warhammer 40,000: Space Wolf - (by HeroCraft Ltd.) (706) Maze Bandit (by Gamestone) (67) World of Commanders (by NtoSGames) (1) Gangstar : West Coast Hustle (now with retina display support) + lite (1128) The Melding - A Number Logic Puzzle (by Steve Snyder) (1) Zombie Gunship Survival (By Limbic and Flaregames) (47) One Tap Rally (by Razmobi) (100) Skullgirls (By LINE Corporation) (107) Motorsport Manager (by Christian West) (283) YANKAI'S PEAK. (by Kenny Sun) (25) Fieldrunners Attack! (by Subatomic Studios) (282) Sky Dancer (by Pine Entertainment) (285) Geometry Dash (by RobTop Games) [Read level request rules in 1st post!] ( ͡� ͜ʖ ͡�) (104712) New Game Threads Geometry Balance (by Anqa Game) (0) Soccer Runner: a game about the history of football games (0) Memory Kitties (by Benjamin Kistler) (0) Simple Knights By MadCatGames (0) Grumpy Turtle (0) [CA] SQUAKE: snake trains battle action! (by On5) (0) The Quest - Thor's Hammer (by Redshift) (9) Zombat (by Brackish Games) (2) Snoot (by Stgm1) (0) 4 Fingers (by 17Studio) (0) Astro Crash (by Affable Games) (1) Don't Touch The Even Numbers (0) GoodJunk (by Alain Rivest) (0) Flick Heroes (By Storm Giant Studios) (2) Gold Rush! 2 (By Sunlight Games) (2) Endless Loop Game (By Taninty Game Studio) (0) The Frankenstein Wars - 19th c. adventure gamebook (By Cubus Games) (2) Lunar Lift (By Patrick Kemp) (1) General Discussion The June 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along: Final Fantasy 5 (41) Games broken by iOS 10.3 (64) HDMI out and gaming (472) Vlambeer is updating Ridiculous Fishing! (64 support) (0) List of good games that Are not anymore in App Store (353) 32-bit Apocalypse begins (6) What is a good SkyfForce-like? (0) A netflix style model for iphone games? (1) What other choose your adventure type games are there? (13) best choose-your-own-adventure game? (4) Choose your own adventure games (16) Interactive-Fiction Books for your iPad? (3) Interactive Fiction (8) any good RPG ?? (9) Must have games to play with a controller? (10) I Don't Understand Mobile Fighters (14) The May 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along: Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (108) Imbroglio Izu Discussion (9) Promo Codes Tappy Sky - 15$ PayPal Contest + In-App Promocodes (9) $10 PayPal Contest for Bauernroulette App Review (15) [FREE PROMO CODE] GoodJunk game for iPhone (2) [FREE PROMO CODES] Prison Run and Gun (64) $10 PayPal Contest for Chit Chat iOS App Review (15) $10+ Gift Card for Lucky Review - SpinUp : Original (14) [40 In-App Promo Codes] Fresh Golf (4) Picon - (by Zerobase Software Inc.) $60 Contest - 6/3/17 5pm PDT for 24 hours (6) $10 PayPal Contest - Third Grade Learning Games Review (4) $20 PayPal Contest for Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner (10) $10 PayPal Contest - Barnyard Games App Review (14) Promo codes for Compass for Apple Watch (0) Get Pic Scanner Gold FREE (Regular: $4.99) (3) The Emoji Quiz - 10$ CONTEST Download & Review (7) Dawn of Crafting - 3 Promo Codes - $3 game (0) 20 In-App promo codes for Melody Composer Squared iOS app (0) $10 iTunes credit for 3D Fidget Spinner Download & Review (19) Level 24 (by Super Mad Games) - Promo Codes (9) Upcoming Releases [Beta} Selfie Poker - unique solitaire poker puzzle (3) Blocky Farm - a voxel mobile farm manager (215) [Beta!]Yeah Bunny - a pixel art mobile one-tap platformer (32) Glitch - First-Person impossible game (18) Street Fighter IV: Champion Edition (52) Original physics game Flippy Hills, available for Test Flight! (3) Flicky Marble - Stylish Marble Madness-Inspired 3D Platformer (11) Fling Fighters (by Craneballs) (16) Pixel Soccer - fun, pixel art, soccer game! (35) Farm On!-Farming game with unique user interface optimized for single-handed gameplay (49) Infinity Wars, CCG for iPhone, iPad and more (12) Slam Mania (accepting beta testers) (24) Sweeper Genius - Minesweeper-like game (browser game available for testing) (4) Bacon May Die - pig based beat em up & shoot em up (beta testing) (5) Shootout on Cash Island (28) Blast Squad - Tactical Multiplayer Battle Arena (7) Squake! Battle trains. (join beta test) (2) Guns Royale: Blocky Battlegrounds - Multiplayer Survival Shooter (4) Dev Discussion Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (156) Which app icon do you prefer? (Need Advice!) (6) Everest Attack 2 (by Jabatoba) need help and feedback (3) FlatFatCat - A casual funny cat game (0) monetization model (1) Basketball Game + Complete Game Template (0) Invested 30k in App Store only to get disappointed (19) Best AD Source for FB Games (0) Looking for feedback on my game (4) How to make your iOS game more discoverable? (5) Releasing on iOS free or paid version? And some promotion advices needed. (7) Los Angeles Mobile Gamers: Visit a Dev Studio! (2) Help with promotion (6) Article: How to Seriously Plan and Design an App (0) Tabasco Interactive becomes Orbital Knight! (0) Games that award more coins/lives if players install from video ads (0) Common words translation sheet for Indie game developers (59) How much it costs to develop and sale an app/game? (8) Services for Trade [composer] Musician looking for new opportunities! (0) [Composer] Indie VGM in the style of FTL, Binding of Issac, Hotline Miami, Terraria.. (0) [Paid] Composer Looking for Next Great Adventure! (0) Sam Foster Sound | Experienced Indie Composer for Hire (10) 2d illustrator/concept artist (6) Freelance 2d artist and Illustrator looking for work (4) [Paid] Robert Jung: Multi-Genre Composer from the Netherlands (18) Publisher looking for horror, scary, weird, etc games (0) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (146) Wyvern_music professional music composer (0) Independent Music & Audio Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (72) Satsuma Audio - Professional, Affordable Sound and Music (32) Independent Art Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (23) Building a Library of Images for Everyone (16) Experienced | 2D/3D Gaming Artist @ Indie Rates | Looking for Work (7) [AFFORDABLE] 2D/3D Game, Animation & Vfx service provider @ Indie Price (62) Your Reliable Partner in Voiceover (0) Twisty Board Developer - Looking for Music & SFX Composer (0) Other Discussion Making my app free - What is best site to promote w (2) My opinion on how iPhone turns out to be till now. (0) What game are you playing the most, right now? (541) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (375) I'm getting Surgery tomorrow. (12) Nintendo Switch (599) What are you watching on Netflix (146) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1089) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2950) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8815) Dumb things about iPhones? (3) The Virtual Reality (VR) thread! (43) Chris Cornell RIP (2) Eye Strain and Neck Pain (16) Radiangames pulled from French app store ? (12) what do you want from your next handheld gaming system? (24) Introductions (28) Knights of pen and paper 2 (1) Site Feedback Can I change my username? (1) How to View New Threads (0) Idea for making these forums more useful (3) TouchArcade - iOS source code.. (9) Apple commissions and TA (4) Voting System question (2) Who are the current moderators? (2) Can I Post In This Thread? (4) Cannot search for things (2) Appinfo tag not working. (1) Looking for ideas of revamping the forums for 2017 (14) Comments via app broken? (52) Why can't I send PMs? (5) Star ratings on forum thread not showing (5) forum not working or working slow (0) Any chance of getting a Nintendo switch section of the forums? (6) Looking for new recruits to join the Spam Police Force on the forums. (73) Spam social groups. (7) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support Support TouchArcade via Shopping on Amazon TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (93) Android (189) Apple TV (38) Apple Watch (16) Applications (172) Companion (36) Emulator (55) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (114) Best iPhone Games (127) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (11) Controller Support (97) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (17) Editorials (58) The Carter Crater (28) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,637) First Impressions (198) Forums (6) Game of the Month (1) Full Content (209) Game Center (2,276) Game of the Week (194) Games (11,034) Action (2,165) Adventure (1,041) Arcade (1,166) Augmented Reality (51) Bear Driving Simulator (5) Board (156) Card (461) Castle Defense (36) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (222) First Person Shooter (149) Goat Simulators (9) Interactive Fiction (69) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (7) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (6) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (84) Maze (92) MOBA (63) Music / Rhythm (162) Pinball (87) Platform (846) Puzzle (1,606) Quiz (17) Racing (559) Retro (532) Role-Playing (1,287) Runner (196) Shooter (944) Simulation (620) Social RPG (19) Sports (417) Strategy (823) Time Management (94) Tower Defense (222) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (106) GDC (355) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC 2017 (44) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (180) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (4) Interview (37) Interviews (50) iPad Games (7,750) iPad Models (141) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,629) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,202) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (13,507) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (23) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (399) Prices (8,189) $0.99 (1,895) $1.99 (998) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (7) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (26) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (20) $2.99 (1,060) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (357) $4.99 (896) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (147) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (304) $7.99 (112) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (22) $9.99 (254) Free (3,058) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,384) 1 star (11) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (102) 3 stars (412) 3.5 stars (746) 4 stars (1,154) 4.5 stars (595) 5 stars (306) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (606) Requests (3) Review (33) Reviews (3,829) RPG Reload (159) Rumors (24) Sales (1,132) Soap Box (8) SwitchArcade (19) TA Plays (362) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (101) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,712) Upcoming Games (6,384) Updates (1,775) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,531 Reviews & Articles | 55,526 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Patriot Viper V570 Mouse and V370 RGB Headset Home News Gaming Nintendo Switch price may rise due to parts shortage High component demand and rising parts cost could interrupt Nintendo's huge Switch production contract, and drive up the retail price of the system By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 3 days, 11 hours ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Nintendo could hike the price of its new Switch system past $299 to offset increasing parts costs, and the company may have troubles keeping up with massive consumer demand.     Nintendo is fighting other tech titans like Apple for critical mobile components to power its new Switch handheld-console hybrid, which could trigger a price hike for the new machine. Nintendo's Switch system uses many parts and components that are currently in high demand by smartphone makers, including its LPDDR4 RAM, NAND flash memory, and LCD panels--all of which are crucial to make mobile devices like Apple's popular iPhones tick.   Demand for traditional 2D NAND flash memory, which is used in mobile devices and Nintendo's Switch system, has steadily risen as more companies push out new notebooks, tablets, smartphones and the new Internet of Things sphere of devices, and as semiconductor fabrication facilities owned by key companies such as Toshiba transition over to new premium high-end 3D NAND storage.   Toshiba supplies the storage chips used in the Nintendo Switch, whereas Samsung supplies the LPDDR4 RAM. This has caused a feeding frenzy of sorts as key suppliers and device-makers grab up contracts for flash memory, and consequently squeezing supply and driving up part costs.   "Demand for our NAND flash memory has been overwhelmingly greater than supply, and the situation is likely to stay for the rest of this year," a Toshiba spokesperson told The Wall Street Journal.   Reports indicate that Nintendo plans to produce 18 million consoles this fiscal year, but based on The Wall Street Journal's reports, the components shortage may interrupt Nintendo's roadmap. If Nintendo does pay extra for key parts to make its Switch systems, it's possible the console could raise beyond its $299 retail price, as President Tatsumi Kimishima affirms that the Switch won't be sold at a loss.   Despite the huge 18 million production order, Nintendo says it only plans to sell 10 million Switch units this fiscal year, indicating the Japanese console-maker is well aware of the component shortage.     However, the Switch may have a saving grace: GlobalFoundries, the world's second-largest contract chipmaker, plans to double its revenue from Japan over the course of many years by offering cheaper chips to the region in a bid to pull contracts away from the world's leading chipmaker, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation).   It's possible that Nintendo may switch its production contract over to GlobalFoundries, however NVIDIA's Tegra processors, which power the Nintendo Switch, are made by TSMC facilities.   The Nintendo Switch's core processor is powered by an NVIDIA Tegra SoC, so the company faces no major competition for its processor outside of NVIDIA, which uses the Maxwell-based Tegra chip in its Shield TV line of microconsoles. In comparison, Android mobile phones are typically powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon line of processors, whereas Samsung and Apple makes their own chips to power their respective iPhones and Samsung Galaxy devices.   NVIDIA has signed a multi-year partnership with Nintendo to help facilitate the Switch system's lifespan.   Read Also: Nintendo shares skyrocket to 8-year high     The unique Switch console-handheld hybrid has had a tremendous effect on Nintendo's performance, selling 2.74 million units in the first month of availability.   As a result of significant console sales and strong software growth, Nintendo reported a mighty 521% profit hike of $922.5 million (102.5 billion yen).   The huge momentum for the new Switch console has had a tremendous affect on Nintendo's share price as well. Nintendo's stock rose by 5.48% to its highest point since 2008 immediately following the announcement of Monster Hunter XX's release on the platform, increasing Nintendo's market cap valuation by $2.2 billion and raising its total market valuation to an impressive $45 billion.   Everyone in the world wants a Nintendo Switch console, and it will be interesting to see if the company can keep up with demand. Company president Tatsumi Kimishima says that a surplus of Switch consoles will be arranged to ensure the 10 million unit sales goal.   "We are planning to ship 10 million units this fiscal year, and this figure takes into account the fantastic response we have received from consumers. Planning to ship 10 million units means that we actually plan to produce more than that including units in our warehouse and in-transit product. We are not currently producing this full amount all at once."   "We expect that the number of consumers who want to buy the hardware will increase as we release titles such as ARMS, Splatoon 2 and Super Mario Odyssey, so our current production model takes that into account." NEWS SOURCES:Wsj.com >> NEXT STORY: Andy Rubin's Essential phone is stunning and powerful << PREVIOUS STORY: Nokia smartphones globally available by the end of June Related Tags Apple Capcom Nintendo Toshiba Nintendo Switch Switch Gaming Monster Galaxy GlobalFoundries NVIDIA Qualcomm Samsung TSMC Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD Radeon RX series cards are hard to buy right now New iPhone 8 rumors leak from trusted source Huawei to unveil the Honor 9 on June 12 ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard GDDR6 arrives in early 2018, GDDR5X hits 16GbpsView More News Posts Forum Activity Z97 Extreme won't go past BIOS - dead mobo?? i have a very problem,help please ASRock C2550D41 Stuck Booting Up Amped Wireless Helios-EX AC2200 Range Extender Review z68x-ud3-b3 REVIVED? Backwards flashed, do I mod it?View More Forum Posts Press Releases LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i Award Next generation 3D NAND propels PCIe SSD adoption Tegila expands lifetime storage program, unveils controller-only refresh optionView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Jun 02, 2017 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp PMI slips on soft operating conditions RUMORS:Uncertainty over the release date of Apple Inc’s new iPhone model has been increasing as the high sales season approaches, CIER president Wu Chung-shu said By Crystal Hsu  /  Staff reporter The official manufacturing purchasing managers’ index (PMI) posted 58.7 last month, falling from 61 in April, as local manufacturers reported a softer, but solid improvement in operating conditions, the Chung-Hua Institution for Economic Research (CIER, 中華經濟研究院) said yesterday. The latest PMI data lent support to a continued recovery in the global technology cycle, but uncertainty has mounted over the launch of Apple Inc’s next iPhone model due to reported technology snags, CIER president Wu Chung-shu (吳中書) told a news conference. Local and international media have said Apple might have to delay mass production of its new iPhone from September to October or November, as it has failed to overcome hurdles related to touch-identification features. “Uncertainty gains strength and diversity as the high sales season approaches,” Wu said. Local technology firms supply chips, camera lenses, casings, batteries, touch screens and other critical components used in iPhones and might take a hit if Apple delays the production of the new model. Regardless of the new iPhone’s launch, sales of technology products generally fare better in the second half compared with the first, Wu said, adding that the seasonal trend has remained on track so far this year. The PMI aims to gauge the health of the manufacturing industry, with scores above 50 indicating expansion and scores below the threshold suggesting contraction. Despite last month’s decline, the leading barometer rose for the 15th consecutive month as firms in all sectors reported business expansions, thanks to robust demand from clients at home and abroad, the CIER survey found. The critical sub-index on new orders registered 57.3 last month even though firms involved in the supply of basic materials had slipped into contraction mode, according to the survey. “Seasonality varies for different sectors,” Wu said. Makers of electronic and optical devices, the main growth driver for the nation’s economy, showed the best performance with a PMI of 63.2, the survey found. The output sub-index shed 5.2 points to 60 last month, while employment gained 0.4 percentage points to 60.4, both comfortably above the neutral mark, it said. Most firms have positive views about their business outlook, tipping the six-month outlook sub-index to 61.1, from 63.2 in April. The non-manufacturing industry also benefited from the recovering economy with the non-manufacturing index falling from April’s 56.3 to 55.4 last month, a separate report found. While domestic demand accounts for a lion’s share of GDP, exports tend to affect its showing and the uptrend reflects benign external demand, Wu said. This story has been viewed 1593 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 4 days ago In advance of next week’s Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will be expanded to teach kids to code using robots, drones, and musical instruments. Apple has already been working behind the scenes with several companies, including LEGO Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphere SPRK+, Parrot, and others, to enable Bluetooth-enabled robots to be connected and interfaced with in the Swift Playgrounds app. The new features are expected to arrive in a version 1.5 update to be released on the App Store next Monday. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Users of Swift Playgrounds will be able to command robotic LEGO creatures, Sphero robotic balls, Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones, UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, and Wonder Workshop’s Dash Robot by writing code to control motors, read device sensors, perform aerial acrobatics, and walk, roll, wave, and dance, depending on the device’s capabilities. The new version will also support the Skoog tactile cube so that kids can code apps that allow them to explore music creation with Swift code. Swift Playgrounds was first unveiled at last year’s WWDC event, and released in the fall with iOS 10 with the goal of teaching kids how to code in Apple’s newest programming language through fun and interactive coding tutorials. Comments « Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus & Pen PureGear Summer Kick-Off Giveaway » Related Stories Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Recent Reviews AudioQuest DragonFly Black USB DAC and Headphone Amp BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label System Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 Share Tweet Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] iOS Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 By Arron Hirst 1st Jun 17 4:39 pm Share Tweet Over the past several months, talk surrounding whether or not Apple may be planning to launch a smart speaker powered by its assistant – Siri, has been steadily increasing … And now, the rumor-mill might just have the confirmation it has been waiting for … Although the Cupertino company has remained predictably silent on its future plans to integrate the sassy helper into an Echo-style solution, Bloomberg has outed a report this week in which it cites sources close to the situation as claiming that Apple has in fact started manufacturing a “long-in-the-works, Siri-controlled smart speaker.” “Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year,” the source added. The product is set to rival that of Amazon Echo and Google Home devices as it is reported to offer “virtual surround sound” technology and deep integration with the firm’s existing ecosystem … …and that fact alone could put it at a distinct advantage over other offerings, as Bloomberg notes that Apple Music compatibility -an ability notably missing from other current smart speaker offerings- is expected to be a given. “Sources say Apple employees have been testing the speaker in their homes for several months,” iClarified adds. Apple is expected to hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center – between June 5-9. Continue Reading You may also like... Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Related Topics:2017, AI, Amazon Echo, Assistant, Bloomberg, Featured, featured top, Google Home, iOS, Siri, Siri Speaker, Smart Speaker, Speaker, Worldwide Developers Conference, WWDC, WWDC17 Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in iOS iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst30th May 17 11:54 pm Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew... Deals 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] By Arron Hirst27th May 17 2:24 am With the long May bank holiday weekend now in full swing, the iOS App Store is... iOS iOS 11 Features Envisioned In Stunning New Concept [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst20th May 17 1:39 am We’ve featured a lot of the visual mock-up work designer Sam Beckett has produced over the... Apple Apple Pay Officially Goes Live In Italy By Arron Hirst18th May 17 7:33 pm Despite the WSJ highlighting that Apple’s wireless payment solution is “yet to make plastic obsolete,” the... Apple Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5, tvOS 10.2.1 + watchOS 3.2.2 By Arron Hirst15th May 17 11:41 pm In testing for a number of weeks, as the company aimed to work out all of... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... iOS Bloomberg: Apple is Ready To Go All-In On AR [REPORT] By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 1:04 am In a move which could hint at some potentially cool future enhancements coming to its mobile... iOS Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.2.2 (Beta 4) By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 8:51 pm Just a week after it seeded the third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots Thursday, 1 June 2017 (4 days ago) Apple said Thursday its Swift Playgrounds app will expand the ways it teaches students how to code, giving people the ability to program and control drones, robots and musical instruments. The Cupertino tech giant is working with several companies including Lego, Parrot Education and Sphero to bring these new options to Swift Playgrounds on June 5. “We think coding is part of today’s society, whether you want to grow up to be a software developer and understand the world around you,” said Susan Prescott, vice president of product marketing for apps, markets and services. Most of the rest are written in Objective-C, an older language that some developers view as having a steeper learning curve. Analysts say Apple is pushing Swift Playgrounds in order to reach potential customers at an earlier age and get them to use Apple products. iPads were once the preferred device for U.S. classrooms, but in 2014, the iPad lost its lead to Google’s Chromebook, a durable laptop available in cheaper versions than the Apple tablet. “Getting consumers to interact with Apple in a whole bunch of different ways helps develop that positive relationship early,” said Jennifer Kent, a director of research at Parks Associates, a Dallas research and consulting firm. Samsung is the leading maker of devices that run Google’s Android operating system, the chief rival to Apple’s iOS software. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: TechCrunch TV News - 3 days ago< > Embed Apple brings hardware to Swift Playgrounds 01:37 Learning to program can be tough, and learning to program real world objects introduces all new challenges. Apple is bringing third-party devices — think robots and drones — into Swift Playgrounds to teach users how to write code for the world around them. Recent related news Apple’s Swift Playgrounds coding app now supports robots, drones, and toysApple today announced that its education programming iPad app, Swift Playgrounds, will soon support robots and drones. That means young kids and students will be... The Verge 4 days ago - Technology Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and InstrumentsApple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots,... MacRumours.com 4 days ago - Computer Industry Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones & Musical InstrumentsCUPERTINO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apple® today announced that Swift Playgrounds™, its educational coding app for iPad®, will offer an exciting new way to... Business Wire 4 days ago - Press Releases Apple Swift Playgrounds can now program your robots and dronesApple doesn't build robots or drones, but now you can use its software to program them. On Thursday, Apple announced that, starting June 5, its increasingly... Mashable 3 days ago - Internet Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, DronesApple's Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with third-party devices like Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic... PCMag.com 3 days ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •Macworld •BGR India •AppleInsider •TUAW The Week in Apple News and Rumors: Siri Speaker, new Macs and iPads at WWDC, Swift Playgrounds and robots, and moreApple headlines for the week ending June 2, 2017 Image by Apple Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference starts on Monday. Here’s how you can watch the... Macworld 2 days ago - Computer Industry Apple to launch Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google HomeApple Inc. (NASDAQ:APPL) has reportedly started production of a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazoncom Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo and Alphabet Inc's... Proactive Investors 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •The Next Web Leaks Reveal Apple’s 2017 Microsoft Surface KillerMicrosoft and Apple are going head to head in the 2-in-1 market, despite the latter originally trying to ignore this new form factor and even laughing off the... Softpedia 6 days ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Business Enough is enough says PM after LONDON Bridge attack LONDON BRIDGE attack: Theresa May's statement in full 12 arrests made in Barking in connection with LONDON ATTACK FACEBOOK, Twitter and Google face criticism following London attack Dollar dented by jobs miss, LONDON ATTACKS hurt sterling; stocks subdued 'WONDER WOMAN' has biggest opening weekend ever for a female director with $100 million WORLD BANK upgrades UK economic growth forecast Nadal sends out ominous FRENCH OPEN warning Sovereign investors snubbing post-Brexit BRITAIN AUSTRALIA Q1 Inventories Climb 1.2% On Quarter Twitter Facebook Page People Ariana Grande Donald Trump LeBron James Kevin Durant Vladimir Putin Current Topics Manchester London Attack Portland Peyton Manning Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Hardware smart speaker Report: Apple's Siri-powered home speaker now at manufacturing stage, will launch later this year It could be unveiled at WWDC next week By Rob Thubron on Jun 1, 2017, 6:15 AM TechSpot Smart speakers like Amazon's Echo line and Google Home are proving very popular, so it wasn’t too surprising when rumors of Apple’s interest in the market surfaced last year. Now, a new report says that a Siri-controlled device is already being manufactured and will be unveiled at WWDC next week, but the launch date won’t arrive until later in the year. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo’s recent prediction that Apple could show off a smart speaker at its Worldwide Developers Conference has been echoed by Bloomberg, which cites “people familiar with the matter.” The report claims that Apple’s speaker will differ from those already available through its focus on sound quality. It’s said to feature “virtual sound technology” and “more advanced acoustics” than what Amazon and Google offer in their devices, resulting in a louder and crisper room-filling experience. It may even contain sensors that measure the noise in a room and automatically adjust sound levels accordingly. Apple Music will likely be a big feature of the speaker, as will intelligent assistant Siri and Apple’s HomeKit system, which lets users control compatible smart home devices. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst, told Bloomberg. Third-party services are also “likely” to be supported – a possible explanation behind the late launch, as this gives developers more time to work on supporting the speaker. Inventec Corp., the Taiwanese manufacturer that makes Apple’s AirPod headphones, will build the device, which has secretly been tested in the homes of Apple employees for the last few months. Apple is also said to be revealing new software, updated MacBook Pros, and several iPads at WWDC. Related Reads Apple renames OS X as macOS, brings Siri and Apple Pay to the desktop Apple reportedly wants to use Siri to transcribe your voicemails Apple is working on Siri-based rival to the Echo 1 comment 52 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple says third-party batteries to blame for exploding Beats Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Apple is reportedly about to kill off the iPad Mini Popular TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 Five Years Without Facebook Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 My Mac Laptop Hates only my home internet and freezes due to it 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Share Tweet Find out what Apple has in store for WWDC 2017 PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics Nvidia Max-Q Windows 10 on Snapdragon Intel Core i9 Surface Pro 5 Nokia 3310 Latest Tech Deals » Home Feature Apple Feature What to expect at WWDC 2017 What to expect at WWDC 2017 Apple's developer conference takes place in June and here's what you can expect from WWDC 2017 in terms of software and hardware. Everything you need to know about this year's WWDC By Chris Martin | 24 May 2017 Apple's WWDC 2017 (worldwide developer conference) is fast approaching so here's what to expect from the iPhone maker this year. We've got dates, keynote times and a look at the possible software and hardware announcements. WWDC 2017 dates and times If you're wondering 'when is WWCD 2017?' then it starts on 5 June and runs until 9 June. The conference takes place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. The WWDC 2017 keynote will start at 10am PDT on 5 June so that's 6pm in the UK. You'll be able to watch a live stream as usual - you can find out how to watch WWDC 2017 here. What to expect at WWDC 2017 Much of the conference will be understandably for developers who are in attendance, but all eyes will be the keynote for major announcements. The event will be typically focused on software but there might also be hardware announcements, too. Let's start with software. WWDC 2017 new software You can bet that Apple will talk about iOS 11 at the conference and the firm is rumoured to be working on a social networking app similar to Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Many are hoping that iOS 11 will have some iPad specific updates like improved zooming and scrolling. Next up is macOS which is Apple's operating system for MacBooks, iMacs and the like. We'll get to see what's new in macOS 10.13. If you tune in you'll likely hear updates about Apple's other operating systems. We're expecting tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. WWDC 2017 new hardware Software is often less exciting compared to hardware but this year's WWDC is tipped to have some new products. For starters Apple is rumoured to be taking on smart speakers like the Amazon Echo and Google Home with a Siri Speaker. We're certainly interested to see what this could be like. Next up is a new iPad Pro and the long rumoured 10.5in model. The new tablet could have a similar size to the current 9.7in screen but the larger display thanks to smaller bezels. You can also expect updates such as the processor, cameras and more. On the Mac side of things, Apple is thought to be unveiling new MacBooks and MacBook Pros with new processors. It's possible there will be a new MacBook Air but this is less likely. WWDC 2016: What Apple did and didn't launch Apple's annual developer conference is focused on software,and it outlined updates to all four of its platforms: iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS. Last year Apple made several big announcements at WWDC 2015, the headline-grabber being Apple Music, a global music service that Apple says offers all Apple users access to all of the music they want all of the time. watchOS 3 It spent a good chunk of time on watchOS 3 which has quite a few useful updates, including 'instant' launching apps which can update in the background so are ready when you tap them. That's great news for Watch owners fed up with the long loading times currently. The interface has been tweaked to make it a lot more intuitive and like iOS. It now has a Control Centre and it's far easier to switch between watch faces, of which there are a few new ones. The Workouts app has been updated and you can now share your stats and compete with friends. Some of the new faces incorporate the activity circles. iOS 10 Most time, though, was spent on iOS 10. It gets a heck of a lot of new features, including redesigned lock screen notifications which are interactive, and there's a raise-to-see gesture that shows them without you needing to press a button (or fly past them when you unlock your phone with Touch ID). Music has been overhauled and is much more intuitive - it's much easier to navigate your library and see which music is actually downloaded to your phone. Similarly News has been improved so you can see which category a story comes under, and it will intelligently create categories where none exist, such as Formula 1. Photos gets intelligent and will use your iPhone (or iPad's) power to do scene and face recognition and surface events such as trips "at the right time" for you to reminisce. It will also automatically create videos of events - you can edit and share them. Messages also gets a big overhaul, and is now open to developers. You can tap on words to automatically replace them with emoticons, and set bubble effects and even full screen effects. One highlight is the new ability to hide photos and text which the recipient can reveal. And thanks to third-party apps, you'll be able to do other things (as you can already in other messenger apps) such as paying money you owe to friends, or using stickers. There's a public beta of iOS 10 which you'll be able to try when it is released in July. Read more about the new features in iOS 10. tvOS 10 Last September, Apple launched tvOS 9 with the latest Apple TV model so this will be the first major update since the fourth-gen Apple TV arrived. In fact, the update isn't all that huge. Siri gets more capabilities and there's a few new channels and interface tweaks, one being Dark Mode which is better for night-time viewing. A handy new feature is Single Sign-On which should do away with those annoying sign-in screens, codes and other stuff that gets between you and your viewing pleasure. macOS Sierra There's more software to talk about, including Siri integration within macOS Sierra. The virtual assistant is making its Mac debut to compete with the likes of Cortana on Windows 10 after two and a half years of internal testing. Users will also be able to unlock their Macs using their Apple Watch, and pay for things using Apple Pay in Safari, authenticating payments with fingerprint recognition via Touch ID on an iPhone, using Continuity.  For a lot of people, new hardware will be more exciting than software but despite rumours that Apple will refresh its MacBook Pro line this year, there were no announcements in the keynote. The MacBook Pro 2016 is tipped to get a boost in graphics performance thanks to a new AMD/Nvidia GPU, and will also come with the latest Intel Skylake chips.  More recent rumours suggest that the MacBook Pro has undergone an Air-esque redesign, making it thinner and lighter than ever without compromising on power. Rumours also suggest it'll include a Touch ID sensor and a touchscreen-enabled OLED display to replace the function keys, allowing customisable function keys in future. No surprises that Apple didn't launch the Apple Watch 2, saying that with watchOS 3 "[the original Apple Watch] will feel like a new watch". watchOS 3 will be launching to the public in September 2016.  Tags: Smart Home , Gadgets , Software , Apple Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments What is Nvidia Max-Q? Lola Dupre illustrates When Your Child Is a Psychopath What to expect at WWDC 2017 SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils, vidéos Digital Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors 3D Advisor Android Advisor Apple Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow Tech Advisor on Twitter Follow Tech Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 38m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 2h 47m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 2h 48m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 3h 48m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 5h 6m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 5h 6m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 37m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 5h 58m ago view all   Tech firms push Trump to not withdraw from Paris climate agreement By Ali Breland - 06/01/17 12:06 PM EDT 154   Following reports that President Trump is expected to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, major technology firms moved swiftly on Thursday to urge the president to reconsider. On Thursday morning, major firms including Adobe, Apple, Facebook, Google, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, Microsoft and Salesforce paid for a full-page ad in both The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal urging Trump to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. Apple CEO Tim Cook and Tesla CEO Elon Musk were among the business leaders to personally call the White House in a last-ditch effort to keep the U.S. in the agreement, The Wall Street Journal reported. Musk took to Twitter to warn that if Trump elects to drop the U.S. from the climate deal, he will step down from his positions on White House advisory councils. Musk has earned significant criticism for his decision to stay on the councils in the past but has argued that it’s “important” to have a role in shaping discourse at the White House. ADVERTISEMENT Musk and Cook were only the initial wave in calls from the technology industry for Trump to keep the U.S. in the agreement.  IBM reaffirmed its support of the Paris climate deal on Thursday. "This agreement requires all participating countries to put forward their best efforts on climate change as determined by each country," Wayne Balta, vice president of environmental affairs at IBM, wrote in a blogpost. "IBM believes that it is easier to lead outcomes by being at the table, as a participant in the agreement, rather than from outside it." Dean Garfield, the president and CEO of the D.C. trade association Information Technology Industry Council, called the Paris agreement a "critical component" and a "responsibility." The council represents major tech firms like Twitter, Samsung and Dell. “The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice,” said Garfield. “It is not too late for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none.” During a segment of CNBC’s "Squawk Box" on Thursday morning, CEO of HP Enterprise Meg Whitman also pleaded with the president. “Please do not withdraw from the Paris climate accord. This is not in the best interest of Americans,” Whitman said. “We need to own the next generation of jobs, whether that’s clean energy or 3-D printing or immunotherapy. This is an arena that America should lead and must lead.” Trump tweeted Wednesday that he would reveal his decision on the Paris accord at 3 p.m. on Thursday in a Rose Garden speech. Tags Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,141 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 653 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 341 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 302 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 242 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 230 Shares 7 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 164 Shares 8 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 163 Shares 9 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 159 Shares 10 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 107 Shares 11 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 97 Shares 12 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 93 Shares 13 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 92 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 86 Shares 15 Amid turmoil, Trump spends weekend... President Trump visited Trump National Golf Club on Sunday for the second... 74 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple hits $70bn milestone in App Store developer pay-outs Chris Davies - Jun 1, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple usually saves its App Store developer payout milestones to shout about at WWDC, but the Cupertino company clearly couldn’t wait this time around. According to Apple, developers worldwide have now earned in excess of $70 billion, since the App Store launched in 2008. Meanwhile, download rates are also said to be up significantly. In fact, Apple claims, App Store downloads have risen more than 70-percent in the past twelve months alone. It’s not just how many people are grabbing software for their iPhone or iPad, either. Apple says that active paid subscriptions have also increased, now up 58-percent year over year. As for specific categories, Apple has broken that down a little, too. When it comes to the top grossing segments of the App Store, Gaming and Entertainment lead the charge. Lifestyle, along with Health and Fitness, have both seen growth in the past year that exceeds 70-percent. Photo and Video has, as a category, seen almost 90-percent growth, meanwhile. It comes amid other milestones in the past few months. Back in January, for instance, Apple announced that New Year’s Day 2017 set a new record for downloads, while in the weeks beforehand titles like Super Mario Run and Pokemon GO fought for the title of “most one-day downloads“. All the same, it’s not been entirely smooth sailing, at least depending on whether you’re a customer or a developer, and where you live. In January, Apple revealed it would be increasing the price of paid apps in the UK, blaming Brexit – the UK’s vote to leave the European Union – for impacting the value of the pound. The decision saw the lowest pricing tier rise from £0.79 to £0.99, with other tiers also increasing by roughly 25-percent. For developers, there’s been the opportunity to now reply to reviews on the App Store, a right-to-reply that they’d been requesting for years. On the flip side, whether the iMessage App Store has proved quite as lucrative as Apple promised is questionable. That launched in September, promising sticker packs and more for the company’s messaging platform, but since then talk of it has faded. That could well change next week, mind. Apple’s WWDC 2017, its annual developer event, kicks off on Monday, June 5th, and while we’re expecting to see new MacBooks, new iPads, and new peripherals break cover during the opening keynote, for those creating software for iOS and macOS – along with tvOS and watchOS – it’s the rest of the week and its code-focused sessions that are likely to represent the most interest. Story Timeline iOS App Store may soon offer up personalized app recommendations iOS App Store predicted to host 5 million apps by 2020 Apple touts Apple Music subscriber numbers and App Store revenue Tags App StoreAppleiOSSoftware Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity | Main | Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging » June 01, 2017 Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments   Today Apple announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple's powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5.     "More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way," said Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. "Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It's an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn."   "Today we're combining efforts with Apple to provide even more students around the world with the opportunity to learn how to code," said Esben Stærk Jørgensen, president, LEGO Education. "We're pairing the familiar LEGO bricks and our hands-on approach to playful learning found in LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 with Swift Playgrounds' powerful learning platform so now anyone can program their LEGO MINDSTORMS creation with real Swift code."   With Swift Playgrounds, anyone can program and control these popular devices from within the app:   •LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations' motors and sensors.   •Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code.     •Parrot's Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create.   •Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code.   •UBTECH's Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance.   Pricing & Availability   Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with support for third-party devices will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or later. For more information, visit: www.apple.com/swift/playgrounds.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on June 01, 2017 at 10:19 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday June 5, 2017 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful Tim Biggs 27 Feb 2017, 10:59 a.m. Last year's Razer Blade Stealth was determined to match or beat Apple's 12-inch MacBook at every turn, and it succeeded. Now the gap has widened even further. Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful The matte black Stealth is as beautiful (and fingerprint-hungry) as ever. Photo: Razer At only 13.1mm thick the Stealth is very portable, as long as you have regular access to a charging point Photo: Razer The animated, rainbow keys may look like a gimmick, but they offer a heap of customisation options. Photo: Razer Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Local Business The original Razer Blade Stealth made an impact as a 12.5-inch Windows laptop that seemed determined to match or beat Apple's 12-inch MacBook at every turn — from specs to design to portability to price — and in my opinion it succeeded. The recently-released refreshed version of the machine pushes the boundaries of the small form factor even further, and also manages to do so at a lower price point. Starting at $1499.95, the new Stealth looks identical to the old one. Combining a sleek, super-sturdy black metal frame with individually lit RGB keys, it's up to you if you want to keep things stealthy with plain white, green or any other colour keys, or you can go nuts with bright neons, rainbow waves or reactive animations as you type. It's a gimmick you usually only see on keyboards and laptops meant specifically for gaming, but it does wonders for productivity too (not to mention aesthetics). For example you can easily set the keys to change their lighting pattern so that every time you open Photoshop your favourite shortcut keys are colour-coded. Once again keys are spaced nicely and are comfortable to type on, but only as far as you can expect on such a light and thin ultrabook. The stealth weighs in at 1.29kg and is a mere 13mm thick, and consequently key travel is shallow enough that long sessions of typing had me feeling some fatigue. The touchpad is a similar story, it feels great and works perfectly but bigger would be nicer. Thankfully the screen is multi-touch so even if you're not packing a mouse you can get around OK. Elsewhere you still have the two standard USB 3.0 ports plus a full sized HDMI, and a Thunderbolt 3 port for fast charging, DisplayPort or USB-C devices. Inside, the machine follows the exact philosophy of its 2016 forbear but with a few slight upgrades in just the right places. It still runs an Intel i7 processor, but this time it's a 7th Gen Kaby Lake chip. It's clocked slightly higher than last year's CPU at 2.7Ghz (turbo to 3.5GHz). Subsequently it also packs integrated Intel graphics (like pretty much all ultrabooks), but it's had a bit of a bump from the HD 520 to the HD 620. All models of the Stealth now come with a healthy 16GB of RAM, making even the entry level $1500 unit a force to be reckoned with. In fact the only difference between the $1500, $1850 and $2100 versions of this machine is the amount of in-built storage you get (128GB, 256GB or 512GB respectively). There is also an option to get the Stealth with a spectacular 4K screen, which achieves 100 per cent of Adobe RGB, in a 512GB model ($2400) or a 1TB model ($3000). But given the battery life on my QHD review unit struggles to make it to seven hours of continuous use, I'd only suggest you go 4K if you absolutely need the extra resolution or colour accuracy it brings, because it will drain your power. So what does the machine's extra grunt mean in real world terms? Well for starters the Kaby Lake makes this thing a multi-tasking beast, with the ability to handle a number of browser tabs that would have buckled last year's model. All your standard productivity and entertainment tasks — like office software and streaming video — are buttery smooth. Without a dedicated GPU, an ultrabook is probably not for you if you need to do graphics-intensive work or are looking for a portable gaming station, but within its category the Stealth does very well. If all you want to do is play a few rounds of Overwatch, and you're happy to crank the settings down, there's more than enough grunt here. In other territories Razer offers a product known as the Core, which fits a standard desktop graphics card and can plug seamlessly into the stealth for serious graphics power when you're at home. Unfortunately there's still no word on when the Core might make it down under. Overall, the reduction in price and increase in specs has pushed the Stealth to the head of the pack when it comes to small laptops, with the 256GB Stealth (at $1850) weighing up favourably with comparable Dell XPS 13 and MacBook models. The cheapest XPS 13 model that comes with a 7th Gen i7 costs $2299, and it packs half the RAM of the Stealth (8GB) and no touchscreen. Meanwhile the $1999 MacBook, also with 8GB of RAM, comes with a much slower Core M3 mobile chipset. Even the 256GB 13-inch MacBook Pro packs an i5 chipset and 8GB of RAM, and costs $2699. As with last time, the only real achilles heel of the Stealth is its battery life, which Razer has clearly sacrificed at the altar of more powerful internals. You're looking at eight hours maximum which, to put it bluntly, is below average for this product category. You can kill it in two if you try. The company has recently announced a huge battery pack that can charge your laptop and phone, which might boost your Stealth's life to 15 hours, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a super-light laptop. Being cheaper and more powerful than the competition, the beautiful Stealth represents a great value. But if getting a whole working day out of your lightweight travel computer without plugging in is important to you, this might be a stretch. The story Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Local Business Latest News War hero’s park trashed | PHOTOS Demir more than halfway to target Statement from the Heart a ‘turning point’: Sean Gordon A bigger slice of the retail pie Thornton home for 500 new families Editor's Picks Airshow to honour pilot Gerard Beiboer | PHOTOS, VIDEO FLASHBACK: Woolworths bombing 1980 | PHOTOS The Elf on the Shelf is back | PHOTOS Popular Is Max the solution? Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold Dust fine for Eraring criticised Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive War hero’s park trashed | PHOTOS A newly named memorial park at Gillieston Heights was trashed in a senseless attack on the weekend. Hunter’s secret underworld | PHOTOS Maitland's hidden chambers in the spotlight. The day the ship hit the sand | video, pictures How the city winced as a floundering Pasha Bulker drifted along the coast before coming aground at Nobbys. Jail construction steams ahead | PHOTOS Prison expansion moves forward, but still no answer on Kerlew Street entry. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Domain Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant close breaking news Advertisement Business Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Apple is set to launch its own home hub powered by digital assistant Siri, in a challenge to Amazon's Alexa-powered devices. (AFP/JUSTIN SULLIVAN) 02 Jun 2017 12:17AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said on Thursday (Jun 1). The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device - speculation about which has been swirling for months - could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Advertisement Advertisement Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant - this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 per cent of the US market, compared with 23.8 per cent for Google Home and 5.6 per cent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Source: AFP/de Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Swift Playgrounds now controls real-world devices Cupertino, California — Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fronsac REIT Announces a Joint Venture Development With Odacite Immobilier Next PostNext VidMob Awarded Facebook and Instagram Marketing Partner Badges Search Recent Posts RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Oil Mist Separator Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: report By Afp Published: 12:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 12:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail Apple is set to launch its own home hub powered by digital assistant Siri, in a challenge to Amazon's Alexa-powered devices, according to a report Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device -- speculation about which has been swirling for months -- could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant -- this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Apple's latest announcement hints that we could be in for an action-packed event next week Kif Leswing Business Insider June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tim CookMore (AP) A few days before Apple hosts thousands of developers in San Jose, California, the company gave them a reason to make apps for iPhones and iPads. 70 billion reasons, actually: Apple said on Thursday that developer earnings from the App Store were over $70 billion since it launched in 2008. That suggests, given that Apple generally takes 30% of sales through its App Store, that Apple's App Store has sold around $100 billion of software in its history.  The message to iPhone developers is that Apple's platform is healthy, thriving, and presents an opportunity to start and grow a business.  The announcement also gets out of the way several smaller, incremental announcements that Apple may have been planning to make at its annual developers conference — possibly making more time for product launches and other cool reveals. Rumors currently suggest that Apple may launch new laptops and iPads next week.  Apple also said that, over the past 12 months, downloads have grown over 70%. Certain categories of apps are growing even faster, such as photo and video apps, which grew nearly 90% during the same period.  Apple has recently tweaked the App Store to make it more friendly to developers — letting them respond to negative reviews directly, for example, and cutting Apple's share of sales if the app is sold through a subscription, which the company said had grown 58% year-over-year.  One thing Apple hasn't revealed: how many devices it currently has in use. The last stat, 1 billion Apple devices in active use, was given in early 2016. These growth numbers for Apple's App Store platform are impressive, but they may simply be mirroring more iPhones in use, rather than additional apps or sales per user.  For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android. More From Business Insider Here's everything Apple is rumored to be launching in 2017 Apple can make the iPhone easier to use with a simple fix in iOS 11 The tech industry is dominated by 5 big companies — here’s how each makes its money Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread The Verge This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future CNBC.com In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Sunless tanner selling like hotcakes! Tan PhysicsSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Reuters What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video GE Chases "Largest Growth Opportunity in History" Rule Breakers InvestingSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 13
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening in California this summer. By Alistair Charlton June 1, 2017 17:01 BST Google's massive new London headquarters is as long as Western Europe's tallest building, the Shard, is tallGoogle Google has revealed plans for its new London headquarters, the first HQ to be built and owned by the search giant outside of its native California. The massive building will be constructed in Kings Cross, close to St Pancras International train station and Regent's Canal. Eleven stories high and stretched across more than 300 meters, the building is as long as the Shard, Western Europe's tallest building, is high. The story of a technology behemoth creating a huge glass and steel structure to house thousands of employees will be familiar to many, as Apple adds the finishing touches to its own shiny new loop-shaped HQ, called Apple Park. Google London HQ (top) and Apple Park (below) Google/YouTube Here's how the two super-offices stack up: Google London HQ Apple Park Designer Bjarke Ingels Group and Heatherwick Studios (2012 Olympic Cauldron, London Routemaster bus) Foster + Partners (Wembley Stadium, Canary Wharf Underground station, McLaren Technology Centre) Floor space 870,000 square feet 2,800,000 square feet Cost £1bn (estimate) £3.8bn Size 330m long, seven floors rising to 11 Circular, one mile circumference, four floors Staff count 7,000 12,000 Garden 300m long landscaped roof terrace 30-acre park with 9,000 trees Auditorium 210 seats 1,000 seats Fitness centre 25m swimming pool, sports hall for basketball and football, 200m 'trim trail' running route through gardens, massage rooms 100,000 square feet, two-storey yoga room, medical and dental services Silicon Valley features 'Pause areas', sleeping pods for naps and office all-nighters 400-ton glass cafe doors, 100% self sufficient, Jony Ive-designed door handles made from MacBook aluminium Status Designs drawn, construction to start in 2018 Building almost complete, employees to move in during summer 2017 Enough numbers, here are the first drawings of what Google's new London HQ will look like: The building, shaded in blue, will sit between Kings Cross (right) and St Pancras International train stationsGoogle A 300-meter long roof terrace includes a cafe, relaxation spaces and a running circuit for lunchtime exerciseGoogle One edge of the building overlooks Regent's Canal in Kings CrossGoogle Inside, there is enough work space for 7,000 employees spread across the main building and two smaller buildings nearbyGoogle The ground floor is taken up by shops, split up by entrances to Google's offices aboveGoogle The roof is covered in a 300-metre garden and exercise spaceGoogle More technology news from IBTimes UK From accidental penis sketch to $5bn 'spaceship': Apple Park is preparing to launch Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple says payouts from App Store total $70bn Share Tweet Apple says payouts from App Store total $70bn Custom­ers are downlo­ading our apps in record number­s, says Apple's senior vice presid­ent of market­ing Schill­er By AFP Published: June 1, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The Apple logo.PHOTO: REUTERS SAN FRANCISCO: Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week’s annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple said downloads have grown over 70 per cent over the past 12 months, fuelled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year over year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Read more: App Store , Apple , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Apple unveils updated iPad at lowest-ever price New model starts at 32 GB of storage and replaces iPad Air 2 Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute and sign new deal A previous patent license contract between the companies expired last year, and both sides took legal action Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 4 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Transwoman arrested in Karachi for blackmail and murder Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyTrump delays moving US Embassy to Jerusalem by six months © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Jun 1, 2017 Bloomberg | IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, and could debut it as soon as its annual developer conference this month. The new Apple headquarters is operational, but construction likely won’t be finished until near the end of this year. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Advertisement Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” could be on your nightstand or kitchen counter. Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference this month, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said.  The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. Popular Now Smart Factories Could Add $500 Billion to Global Economy in 5 Years What Could be Done about China's Theft of Intellectual Property? How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” said Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. CEO Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Google’s Robot Rivals Are Thriving as Search Giant Sells Google Car Project Loses Leaders, Advantage as Rivals Gain Facebook Rival Google+ Opens Up to Businesses, Brands Amazon Launches Cloud Personal Assistant Speaker Google Counters Apple with Nexus Phones, New Tablet Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Toyota Sells Stake in Tesla Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Germany Finds Emission-cheating Gear on 24,000 Audis in Europe Slower Hiring, Unemployment Drop Give Mixed U.S. Labor Signs Honeywell Faces EU Antitrust Complaint for Car Coolant The Harry Potter Problem: Define the Why to Succeed With Your Machine Learning Project More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 6 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Apps Apple’s Swift Playgrounds coding app now supports robots, drones, and toys New, 11 comments LEGO, Sphero, and Parrot are onboard by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jun 1, 2017, 11:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin You can make UBTECH’s Jimu robot dance using Apple’s Swift programming language and its Swing Playgrounds coding app. Photo by Nick Statt / The Verge Apple today announced that its education programming iPad app, Swift Playgrounds, will soon support robots and drones. That means young kids and students will be able to write their own Swift code to control any number of real-world toys and machines. The company is launching the feature next Monday, partnering with a number of top toy and robotics companies including LEGO, automated BB-8 toy maker Sphero, and drone company Parrot. Other companies on board for the launch are toy robot makers UBTECH and Wonder Workshop, as well as Skoog, the maker of a music cube that relies on Swift code to teach children how to compose songs. Swift Playgrounds, launched last year during Apple’s 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference, is effectively a video game that teaches kids how to code using Apple’s Swift programming language. It breaks down how code functions at the most fundamental level and uses colorful environments and visual guides — product manager Tim Triemstra even uses the game industry term “cutscenes” — to explain the effects of code and the power of programming. The code appears on the left side of the iPad screen, either automated by the app to teach a lesson or typed in directly by the user, while an animation the code can manipulate plays out on the right. Kids can now use Swift to send commands to toy robots and drones Since the Playgrounds launch, Apple has partnered with a number of educational institutions around the country to get Swift built into introductory computer science curriculums and to make its Playgrounds app a fixture in classrooms. The company says Playgrounds has amassed 1 million unique users since launch. “When we were designing Swift, from the very first days we wanted it to be everyone’s first programming language,” Triemstra says. “We wanted it to be approachable.” Now, with a significant number of Playground users and Swift picking up steam as a lightweight and more elegant way to build iOS apps, Apple is trying to expand its educational focus from software to hardware. Because Playgrounds will support all manner of robotics, including flying drones, the company hopes it will give young kids a whole new reason to engage with programming and learn the secrets of code. It could also do wonders for the popularity of Swift among the next generation of coders, and help cement the language as a fixture for young and eager roboticists. Given the popularity of success of the Mindstorms robotics series, it’s a no-brainer that Apple got LEGO onboard for Playgrounds. In a demo at the iPhone maker’s Cupertino office, a LEGO representative broke down exactly how a Mindstorms EV3 kit can work with Playgrounds, connecting any number of robot-controlling modules to an iPad via Bluetooth. From there, you can see real-time data provided by the robots’ actuators, motors, and sensors, as well as program commands for fleshed out LEGO bots to receive and carry out. In preparation for the partnership, LEGO says it’s also designed 10 hours of lessons specifically for the Playgrounds app for kids to run through with a Mindstorms kit. Photo by Nick Statt / The Verge Similarly, Sphero’s transparent SPRK+ orb, which is already used to teach kids elements of robotics and programming, will work with the app. Kids will be able to program movements and games for the orb, with exercises breaking down the step-by-step process of development, including a real-world Pong game they can play with their feet as the paddles and the SPRK+ as the ball. French drone maker Parrot is also buying into Apple’s new Playgrounds initiative, adding support for its Mambo, Rolling Spider, and Airborne drones. In another demo at Apple’s offices, a Parrot representative showed off how the Playgrounds app can be used to input commands for the drones to turn, flip in midair, and land in the palm of a user’s hand. Apple stresses that none of these new features and hardware tie-ins for Playground are dependent on brand new or tie-in hardware. With LEGO, all you need is a Mindstorms EV3 kit, released as far back as 2013. The same goes for Sphero’s SPRK+ and Parrot’s trio of drones — so long as you have the supported product, it will sync with Playgrounds and allow you to start controlling it with your own code. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 45 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About MUSIC Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 6 hours ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 6 hours ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Music Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones WIRED tests the Here One, Apple AirPods, Jabra Elite Sport and more in search of the best Bluetooth earphones By Chris Haslam 3 days ago By Chris Haslam Thursday 1 June 2017 Apple's W1 Bluetooth chip improves connection and sound Sun Lee Life can be a little loud sometimes. One of the simplest ways to control the rush of everyday sounds is a good pair of earbuds. But the true mark of quality earbuds is changing. Now, they not only let you choose the kind of music you want to hear, but can even lower the rush of sound in the world around you. WIRED put six sets of wireless earphones to the test to find out which ones you should buy. ADVERTISEMENT Here One: The best wireless earphones we've tested Roger Stillman They're not the most stylish, the fit lacks finesse and the two-hour battery life borders on the hopeless, but the Here Ones are the smartest wireless earbuds on the planet. Aside from the achievement of making individual wireless earbuds that sound good, it's also included adjustable active noise cancelling (ANC) and hearing-aid technology so you can choose to block out the real world, or amplify it. READ NEXT In Age of Anxiety, Pixx takes on our social media addiction In Age of Anxiety, Pixx takes on our social media addiction By James Temperton Using the Here Active Listening System app, you take control of the sound using either a simple volume slider or a series of filters. There's the typical Airplane mode, which works incredibly well given the form factor, and more than accounts for the short battery life. The Crowd filter reduces background noise, Office cuts out colleague chatter, City reduces wind noise while cycling, and you can also choose to enhance speech coming from in front of, or behind you. It sounds gimmicky (and, in truth, it is), but the performance is hugely impressive. Amplification is clear, voices cut through the din of even the noisiest pub and it's executed brilliantly. Sadly, the same Bluetooth drop-out found elsewhere on test remains here, so keeping your phone nearby is essential. On-ear controls for ANC and filters also wouldn't go amiss. However, the Here One brings an exciting new level of performance and practicality to headphone design. £250 8/10 Weight 6g each Dimensions 18.9mm x 21mm x 20mm Battery life Two hours (eight hours with charging case) ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Master & Dynamic launches MA770 – a gorgeous multiroom speaker made from concrete Master & Dynamic launches MA770 – a gorgeous multiroom speaker made from concrete By Jeremy White How we tested Over a six-month period, WIRED commuted, flew long- and short-haul, hit the gym, pounded pavements and sat plugged in at work while wearing a selection of wireless earbuds. Each was tested for looks, comfort, style, sound quality, battery life and connectivity, and although many popped out, only one earbud was lost in action. Also worth considering If you don't fancy the Here One earphones, also consider these alternatives. Apple AirPods Despite their diminutive dimensions, the AirPods elicited the most looks in public of all on test. Once you remove them from the tiny case they sync automatically with your iPhone, and an optical sensor and accelerometer mean they know when they're in your ears - take one out and the music pauses. And, surprisingly for an Apple product, they have phenomenal battery life. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT How DJ Alan Walker went from YouTube to multi-platinum How DJ Alan Walker went from YouTube to multi-platinum By Charlie Burton On-ear controls are limited, so you'll need to speak to change volume or skip tracks, or resort to getting your phone out. However, noise-filtering microphones mean phone calls suffer very little background noise. As for fit, without a rubber tip they shouldn't stay in place, but they do - and they're comfy. For the money, though, the sound quality is poor. If you're happy with standard Apple earbuds, then your expectations will be met. But if you're an audiophile, you will be disappointed. £159 7/10 Weight 4g each Dimensions 16.5mm x 18mm x 40.5mm Battery life Five hours (24 hours with charging case) Jabra Elite Sport Roger Stillman Although not as comfy or attractive as the Samsung IconX (below), Jabra has produced an impressive pair of fitness earbuds. The secure fit, full waterproof casing, in-ear optical heart-rate monitor and excellent Jabra Sport Life training app provides all the motivation, training plans and analytics an amateur athlete will need. READ NEXT These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past By James Temperton Although chunky, they stayed resolutely in place. Sound quality is also better than the rest on test, with plenty of bottom end. Connection was reliable and on a par with the AirPods. It's in the gym, though, where the Elite Sport and its companion app excels. Kick things off with its V02 Max tracking function - a 15-minute, full-effort run - and it will assess your base-level fitness and provide coaching. A three-hour battery life is acceptable, but the real draw is the Jabra Sport ecosystem, not the actual earbuds - if you can accommodate its bud-to-bud cable, the Jabra Sport Pulse has all the Elite's features for £100 less. £229.99 7/10 Weight 13g each Dimensions 6.8mm x 5.1mm Battery life Three hours (nine hours with charging case) Rowkin Bit Stereo Roger Stillman READ NEXT How music can help with strokes, autism and Parkinson's How music can help with strokes, autism and Parkinson's Given the premium feel of Rowkin's sleek tube-shaped carry case, you'd imagine they were the most, not least, expensive headphones on test. Their tiny earbuds proved loud enough for the commute, and a press of a button calls up Siri or Google Now, but the experience is patchy. Battery life isn't good enough for longer journeys, and you can only charge one bud at a time. To top up the charger case, you need to pull the tube apart and plug in a USB. Pairing is a faff, as you need to grapple with buttons on both units and they don't turn off automatically when docked. WIRED also had signal issues when the phone was not close by. Still, if you're a style-conscious, short-haul traveller on a budget, there's lots to love. $109.99 7/10 Weight 5.2g each Dimensions 14mm x 21mm Battery life Two hours (six hours with charging case) Motorola VerveOnes Music Edition Roger Stillman READ NEXT Music fans can't tell the difference between a new violin and a traditional Stradivarius Music fans can't tell the difference between a new violin and a traditional Stradivarius By Victoria Turk Motorola's second-generation earbuds are £80 cheaper than the original VerveOnes+, placing them in direct competition with dozens of Bluetooth headphones. And compete they do, with an eight-hour battery life and IP54 splash-proof build. Despite the bulbous design, the fit is secure, although not as snug as the Samsung IconX - and if one does pop out, you can log on to the Hubble Connected app and pinpoint the location the earbuds were last synced. The charging case less-than pocket-friendly, but with capacity for three extra charges, these buds outplayed the competition. But connection is an issue, and inserting "Music" in the product's name is no guarantee of sonic fidelity - a common weakness in wireless earbuds that's present here. They're not awful, but when pushed, the sound tends to fall apart. £150 6/10 Weight 12g each Dimensions 35mm x W35mm x 90mm Battery life Two hours (eight hours with charging case) Samsung Gear IconX Roger Stillman ADVERTISEMENT Despite launching ahead of the AirPods, Samsung hasn't gone out its way to promote the IconX. At first glance this seems odd, given the built-in 3.5GB MP3 player, optical heart-rate sensor, great build quality, stylish design and secure fit. On second glance, however, WIRED suspects that getting one over on Apple was its real priority. Sound quality is below average; there is a clever ambient sound mode to let traffic noise in when running, but you can only activate it through a menu in the Gear app,  not via the earbuds. Connectivity is fiddly, requiring two apps to get them synced, and a third - such as Samsung's S Health or MapMyRun - if you want to use fitness tracking. Jabra's all-in-one approach would be preferable. The twin heart-rate sensors tracked well and didn't lose connection, but iPhone users beware: it won't work with iOS. You can forget marathon training, too, because battery life is woeful - when heart-rate tracking and streaming, it barely managed 90 minutes. £199 5/10 Weight 6.3g each Dimensions 18.9mm x 26.4mm x 26mm Battery life 90 minutes to 3.8 hours This article was first published in the June 2017 issue of WIRED magazineView issue Music Technology Gear Share this article RECOMMENDED Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless 7/10 By Jeremy White Earphones 07 Dec 2015 Bang and Olufsen unveils wireless Beoplay H5 earphones Bang and Olufsen unveils wireless Beoplay H5 earphones By Victoria Woollaston Sound 29 Jun 2016 Gallery: Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless Gallery: Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless By Jeremy White Earphones 07 Dec 2015 The best Lightning, wireless and Bluetooth headphones The best Lightning, wireless and Bluetooth headphones By Matthew Reynolds Technology 12 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Best Companies Apple’s Siri Speaker Could Be Getting Ready for Prime Time Don Reisinger Jun 01, 2017 Apple is working its way towards the smart home, a new report says. The technology giant is currently manufacturing a new smart home hub that would compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home, among others, Bloomberg is reporting, citing sources. The device could be unveiled on Monday at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event, but likely won't debut until later this year, the report says. Rumors have been swirling for months that suggest Apple is working on a new smart home hub. The device, the rumors have said, would be powered by its virtual personal assistant Siri and would control smart home devices. It might also interact with third-party apps. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter A Siri-based speaker would put Apple (aapl) in direct competition with Amazon's Echo and Echo Show, as well as Google Home. All three devices similarly come with speakers and voice control. Amazon's devices are powered by its virtual personal assistant Alexa. Google Home is powered by its Alexa and Siri alternative Google Assistant. According to Bloomberg's sources, Apple's product would differ from Amazon (amzn) and Google's (googl) products by integrating with other products from the company, including the iPhone and iPad. Apple is also bundling loud speakers in the device in hopes of topping its competitors. However, like its competitors, the speaker would allow users to control smart home gadgets and play music, and would support third-party apps, the Bloomberg sources say. Last month, Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller criticized current smart home hubs for not having a display, suggesting that if Apple is indeed working on an alternative, it would come with a screen. While Amazon last month unveiled the Echo Show, which has a screen, the Bloomberg sources say the Siri-based speaker won't offer the feature. Apple is holding a keynote to kick off WWDC at 1 p.m. on Monday. The company is expected to focus on software during its address, but as Bloomberg's sources note, the speaker could make an appearance. Several rumors say Apple might also unveil a new iPad at the event. Apple did not respond to a Fortune request for comment. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership ‘Climate change is real’: CEOs share their disappointment over Trump’s Paris accord exit The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor By Jena McGregor June 1 Follow @jenamcgregor Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, center, listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks with technology leaders in New York in December. According to a report in Bloomberg, Cook placed a last-minute call to the White House Tuesday in an effort to urge Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. (Evan Vucci/AP) This story has been updated.  Despite last-ditch appeals from the top chief executives and months of letters and outreach to the White House from some of America's largest companies and CEOs, President Trump announced that the United States would exit the Paris climate agreement, breaking ranks from nearly all the world's countries and saying he would try to renegotiate the deal or enter into a new one. "We’re getting out,” Trump said in a Rose Garden announcement Thursday afternoon, “but we will start to negotiate and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair. If we can, that’s great. If we can’t, that’s fine.” In response, one corporate titan after another tweeted their disappointment at the announcement, companies issued statements committing to action on climate change and two high-profile members of Trump's business advisory council said they would leave the forum in response. After threatening Wednesday to leave if Trump made the exit, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk tweeted Thursday afternoon that he was "departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world." Disney CEO Robert Iger followed him, calling his departure from the president's advisory council a matter of "principle." Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Other companies and CEOs joined the chorus. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt, who had said during a speech to students at Georgetown University in May that the business community "has kind of moved on in this debate," tweeted a similar refrain, calling upon business to lead the way on global climate standards. "Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement," he wrote in a tweet. "Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 Other tech leaders shared their disappointment. Apple's Tim Cook wrote a letter to employees, obtained by the Washington Post, saying he spoke with Trump on Tuesday and "tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough." He wrote that "we will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us," and said in a tweet the withdrawal "was wrong for our planet." Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff said he was "deeply disappointed," and Microsoft president and chief legal officer Brad Smith wrote on LinkedIn that the company had "actively engaged the Trump Administration on the business case" for staying in the agreement and "we all live on a small planet and every nation needs to work with others to protect it." In a statement, Intel said it "firmly" believes the United States should keep participating in the accord. Meanwhile, Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, who was the driving force behind a letter signed by 30 high-profile CEOs earlier this month encouraging Trump to honor the U.S. commitment, said his company was disappointed, but would "continue to collaborate with President Trump as well as other businesses, NGOs and academics" on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The responses follow months of letters and outreach to Trump from companies in industries as diverse as manufacturing, technology and energy to remain part of the more than 190-nation accord, making arguments that went well beyond sustainability, good corporate citizenship or the need for American leadership. While Trump's explanation for exiting the accord was, in part, that it would hurt domestic manufacturing and cost U.S. jobs, CEOs' appeals to the president have been largely business-focused, saying instead that an exit threatens American competitiveness, raises the risk of negative trade implications and could hurt their ability to create jobs. [Trump’s Paris decision comes today, with the world watching] They also come after several last-minute arguments to Trump for staying in the deal. In addition to Cook's call, Musk tweeted an open threat, saying Trump would lose him on the business advisory councils if he exited the accord. “I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain,” Musk wrote. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 When a follower asked him what he would do if Trump makes the call to exit, Musk said he would have “no choice” but to leave the White House councils of which he is a member. Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 The final push by CEOs also included letters that were featured in full-page ads in newspapers, such as one signed by 25 companies that ran in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal on Thursday and earlier in May. The ads were sponsored by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions and the sustainability nonprofit Ceres and included a shorter version of a letter that was first signed in April, arguing that “the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance U.S. interests by remaining a full partner in this vital global effort.” Google, Intel, Uniliever and Schneider Electric were just a few of the names that signed the letter. Even ExxonMobil had appealed to Trump to stay in the agreement. In a letter dated May 9, CEO Darren Woods wrote to Trump in what the Financial Times called a “last-ditch personal plea,” arguing that staying in allows the United States to remain “at the negotiating table to ensure a level playing field” on energy sources. That letter followed a prior appeal by the fossil fuels giant, which remains under fire from shareholders over climate issues, to the White House in March. [Financial firms lead shareholder rebellion against ExxonMobil climate change policies] Efforts by Corporate America to influence Trump on the agreement date to at least to shortly after the election, when hundreds of large and small companies, ranging from Starbucks to Monsanto, signed a letter in support of the Paris climate agreement. “Failure to build a low-carbon economy puts American prosperity at risk,” the letter said, calling the Paris climate agreement a “historic opportunity to tackle climate change.” Read also: The cost of silence: Why more CEOs are speaking out in the Trump era Trump invited the CEO comparisons, and now he's being held to them Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor 39 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 2 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 3 Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies 4 Analysis Trump wanted to preside over an economic boom. What if growth stalls before it starts? 5 Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/04/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.01.17 tech forecast Robots, Drones, And Lego Creations Invade Apple’s iPad Coding Environment For Kids “What’s better than a kid engaged on an iPad? A kid engaged on an iPad. With a robot.” The MeeBot does its thing, thanks to Swift Playgrounds. By Harry McCracken3 minute Read At last year’s Apple WWDC conference, the company’s “one more thing” kicker at its keynote wasn’t a headline-grabber–but it was nonetheless intriguing. The company introduced Swift Playgrounds, an iPad app that let kids (and other coding newbies) write their own iOS programs using its Swift language. The goal was to teach coding in a playful, interactive, distinctly Apple-esque way. advertisement Almost a year later, Apple says that Swift Playgrounds has been downloaded a million times. And on Monday, June 5–the day of this year’s WWDC keynote–the company is releasing Swift Playgrounds 1.5, an update that expands the programming environment’s domain beyond iOS apps by showing kids how to write code to control robots, drones, and other gizmos. Two critters built with Lego’s Mindstorms EV3. That’s not an entirely new frontier for Swift Playgrounds: You can already use it to talk to external devices via Bluetooth, a capability that some third parties have adopted to make their offerings Playgrounds-compatible. But now Apple is working with several gadget makers to bring educational materials related to this capability directly into Swift Playgrounds, making it not just technically possible but a core aspect of the programming environment. That will make Swift Playgrounds more fun–who wouldn’t want to teach a drone to do flips mid-air?–but there’s also a serious aspect to Swift Playgrounds’ mission. “Coding is a lingua franca in the world today,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s VP of product marketing for apps, markets, and services, at a press event the company held to preview the software update. “A lot of the world around is is run by software. We think kids everywhere should have the opportunity to code.” Though unstated by Apple, there’s also a business case for these kinds of features. Google’s Chromebooks have made enormous inroads in the educational market once dominated by Apple gear, but their cloud-based approach to computing isn’t well suited to writing code to manipulate physical devices in the real world. It’s in Apple’s interest to give the iPad tangible schoolroom capabilities that a Chromebook can’t match. “What’s better than a kid engaged on an iPad?” Prescott asked. “A kid engaged on an iPad. With a robot.” Hardware Brigade Apple’s collaborators in this initiative include Lego (with its Mindstorms robotic building system), Parrot (drones), Sphero (the Sprk+ and BB-8 robots), Ubtech (the Jimu Robot MeeBot robot), Wonder Workshop (the Dash robot), and Skoog (a music-making cube). In each case, Swift Playgrounds 1.5 will include projects that step budding coders through creating something entertaining using the environment’s interface, which puts code on the left-hand side of the iPad’s screen and a preview of what that code accomplishes on the right. For instance, they’ll be able to program a real-world version of Pong that uses a Sprk+ bot as a ball and the feet of two human players as paddles. More advanced and ambitious coders will also be able to treat the ability to control these devices via Swift Playgrounds more like a blank sheet of paper, devising their own sequences of commands to accomplish feats entirely of their own imagining. For instance, it’ll be possible to use code to specify a Parrot drone’s yaw, pitch, and roll. advertisement A Parrot drone and iPad Pro in the foreground, with other Swift Playgrounds-compatible gadgets behind them. At Apple’s preview event, a couple of teachers who have been working with a pre-release version of Swift Playgrounds 1.5 in their classrooms spoke about their experiences. They echoed the company’s mantra about the importance of teaching young people to code, and said that the software’s new version delivered on its promise. Kelly Croy, a teacher at Oak Harbor Middle School in Oak Harbor, Ohio, added that the school’s computing and robotics programs have been largely separate until now, and Swift Playgrounds is blurring the lines in ways that make it a powerful tool: “It’s giving students a voice in areas they’ve never had before.” About the author Harry McCracken is the technology editor for Fast Company, based in San Francisco. In past lives, he was editor at large for Time magazine, founder and editor of Technologizer, and editor of PC World. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology How Intel Is Using VR To Try To Change Sports Viewing Now And Into The Future Technology How Far Can California Go It Alone After Trump Withdraws From Climate Accord? Technology Felix Wants To Help Frustrated Freelancers Get Paid advertisement Video Amazon Could Soon Parachute Your Deliveries--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Sarah Michelle Gellar Is Disrupting The Baking Industry How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market You Can Control This Drone With Hand Gestures--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How These Film Buffs Turned Movie Trailer Spoofs Into A Successful YouTube Channel Trump Isn't The First President To Declare War On The Media Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? Ideas Ideas If These Giant Companies Can Switch To The Circular Economy, So Can Anyone Ideas Does The History Of The Doomsday Clock Make You Feel Better Or Worse About Right Now? Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Entertainment Entertainment The End Is Here: An Exit Interview With “The Leftovers” Creator Damon Lindelof Entertainment “Fear And Loathing” In The Perfect Pint Video: This Week In Music Entertainment Demetri Martin Made This Movie To Tell a Story The Way He Couldn’t Onstage Co.Design Product This Joystick Floats In Midair (And Controls Your Whole Life) Product WWDC 2017: The Ultimate Test Of Voice Interfaces Cities The Ambitious Project To Study Disasters From Space Fast Company Leadership Dear Art School Grads, Do What You Love—But Never For Free Leadership Can This Detroit Twentysomething Change The Democratic Party Before Politics Changes Him? Technology How Intel Is Using VR To Try To Change Sports Viewing Now And Into The Future Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Apple App Developers, Including Indians, Earned Over $70 Billion Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa News18 » Tech 2-min read Apple App Developers, Including Indians, Earned Over $70 Billion IANS Updated: June 1, 2017, 8:08 PM IST Representative Image. (Image: Reuters) The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 percent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. Also read: HTC U11 Review: It Squeezes Into the iPhone 7 & Samsung Galaxy S8 Territory From Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 percent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. Also read: Sony Xperia XZ Premium Launched at Rs 59,990, To Go Against Samsung Galaxy S8, Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple apple store developers IOS First Published: June 1, 2017, 8:08 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Champions Trophy: IND vs PAK - Star of the Match - Virat Kohli Seamless Banking Under 5 Minutes With Kotak 811 Top 5 Android Smartphones With 6GB RAM by Samsung And Others MOM: Sridevi-Starrer Leaves Us With Many Questions with Its Twisted Plot Ola and Sehwag Join Hands to Tackle Traffic Congestion with #FarakPadtaHai About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News London Attack Doesn't Change my Plans for Wimbledon: Djokovic Champions Trophy: IND vs PAK - Star of the Match - Virat Kohli New Disposable Wearable Patch Helps Detect Sleep Apnoea Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs Real Madrid Fans Demand Fifth Ballon d' Or for Hero Ronaldo Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple expected to increase Intel LTE chip orders as fight with Qualcomm grows Cody Lee on June 1, 2017 2 Apple is expected to up its LTE chip orders from Intel as it looks to distance itself from Qualcomm, reports DigiTimes. Despite inferior performance, Intel has gone from supplying around 30% of iPhone 7 baseband chips in 2016 to 50% in 2017. And experts say it could be supplying over 70% of the baseband products for iPhones by 2018. Earlier this year, Apple filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in a California district court for charging unfair prices to license its tech. Qualcomm has since countersued Apple, and withheld around $1 billion in royalty rebates from the iPhone-maker as retaliation for its participation in a Korean Fair Trade Commission investigation. Given the nature of this feud, don’t be surprised to see Apple work to dramatically reduce its reliance on Qualcomm over the next several months. The company recently hired Esin Terzioglu, Qualcomm’s VP of Engineering, to head up a new chip project. It’s believed they are developing their own, in-house baseband modems. Source: DigiTimes Tagged: Apple Baseband Intel iPhone LTE Qualcomm MORE FROM iDB Apple sues Qualcomm over withholding $1B as ransom in Korean legal investigation Qualcomm denies FTC’s claims it bribed Apple into using its modem chips Qualcomm under fire from FTC over allegedly forcing Apple to use its baseband modem chips burge The more Apple do in house the better as it will end this im going to sue you type practice. Any tech company will always walk on someones toes until they figure a way of doing something differently but hopefully Apple can achieve this. Niclas Using inferior chips in a flagship product of Apple is just redicious, especially when it comes to something so essential as the baseband. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Application Development News Apple’s new Swift Playgrounds 1.5 includes controls for robots and drones Students can learn how to write code to control products from Lego, Parrot, Sphero, and more. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM PT Credit: Apple More like this Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to five new languages Meet Swift Playgrounds, the learn-to-code iPad app that feels like a puzzle... The Week in Apple News and Rumors: Siri Speaker, new Macs and iPads at WWDC,... Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions When Apple released Swift Playgrounds in 2016, it opened the world of coding to kids (and adults) who thought just the idea of creating an app was intimidating. Swift Playgrounds makes codes approachable and fun to learn, combining tutorials, a touch interface, and “challenges” on an iPad that anyone can use for free. While Swift Playgrounds can be a very satisfying experience that results in your very own app, technology moves forward—we’re now in a world where drones and robots are prevalent. With that in mind, Apple on Wednesday announced Swift Playgrounds version 1.5, which includes tools that teach students how to control drones and robots over Bluetooth using an iPad. Roman Loyola/IDG Swift Playgrounds 1.5 gives users the ability to program dance moves based on beats per minute with Ubtech’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit. The new program gives teachers access to Swift Playgrounds curriculum that works with a number of robots and drones, including products from Lego, Parrot, Sphero, Ubtech Robotics, and Wonder Workshop. Since Swift is an open-source language, Apple says that makes it easy for other companies to jump on the bandwagon. The addition of drone and robot support expands Swift Playgrounds’ content library, and the direct results experienced by students can be satisfying and help maintain interest in coding. “Kids know the difference between writing something that’s real and writing something that’s not real,” said Cheryl Thomas, Apple VP of Engineering, Swift Playgrounds, during a press event. Starting on June 5 (the first day of Apple’s 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference), educators will be able to access the new Swift Playgrounds 1.5 as a free download in the App Store. The app requires iOS 10 or later, and can run on all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, as well as the iPad mini 2. Support is provided through Apple’s Education program, which includes Professional Learning Specialists to help with the lessons. Roman Loyola/IDG Parrot drones can be programmed with Swift Playgrounds 1.5 to follow a flight pattern and perform tricks. Since its introduction in 2014, Swift has been embraced by software developers. Apple said that over 250,000 apps have been created using Swift. The company is also excited by Swift Playgrounds; at the version 1.5 event, Apple representatives said the over a million unique users have used the learning software. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 announcement comes about a week after Apple released App Development with Swift, a year-long curriculum for educators interested in teaching Swift software development. The curriculum is available for free in the iTunes Store. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Application Development Robots iPhone/iPad Software Swift Drones Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech   A woman looks at the screen of her mobile phone in front of an Apple logo outside its store in downtown Shanghai September 10, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Aly Song    How To Turn Off iCloud And Keep Your (Private) Photos Private Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor 1:19 PM 09/02/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Apple iPhone users are in a privacy panic following the hack and leak of private photos belonging to actresses, including Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton, and for good reason. Since its launch, the iCloud storage service has been a confusing collector of virtually all of users’ data, often without their knowledge. Here’s how to customize what it keeps, or turn it off completely. The iCloud service was designed to back up and coordinate data and content between iTunes, contacts, calendars, etc., and as unfortunate celebrities including Upton and Lawrence found out, it also stores photos and videos — even if you’ve deleted them from your phone. So customizing or clearing iCloud is a multi-step process across all of your Apple devices and the cloud itself. From the home screen of your device, select “Settings” and scroll down to “iCloud.” Here you can select items you may or may not want iCloud to back up online, including “Mail,” “Contacts” and “Photos.” Select “Off” for anything you don’t want to be saved in the cloud. To turn off iCloud on the device completely, scroll to the bottom of the same screen and select “Storage & Backup.” At the bottom of the screen under the header “Backup,” switch “iCloud Backup” to off by tapping the switch to display a white indicator to the left (if the switch is green and the indicator is to the right, iCloud Backup is turned on). Next, you have to delete the photos from your “Photo Stream,” where the device automatically saves a copy in addition to the “Camera Roll.” Photos will stay in “Photo Stream” even after you delete them from the “Camera Roll” and be uploaded to iPhoto next time you connect the device to its home computer. In the “Photos” app, select “Albums” and “My Photo Stream,” which should appear underneath “Camera Roll” if enabled. Delete accordingly. The stream will save your most-recent 1,000 photos for 30 days otherwise. Afterward, on your Mac computer, go to iPhoto and delete unwanted photos. Finally, go to “System Preferences” on your Mac and select “iCloud.” Sign in with the Apple username and ID you use to download music, apps, etc., and uncheck any of the icons that appear in the row on the right to control the content you don’t want iCloud to store. Consult Apple’s support page for managing iCloud to ensure you’ve enacted the privacy settings you’re comfortable with. The hacker(s) responsible for the celebrity phone leaks also exploited a bug in Apple’s “Find My iPhone” application to gain access to celebrities’ accounts, the software login of which allowed hackers to try multiple passwords with a guessing tool before eventually stumbling across the correct one. Apple has since reported the bug has been fixed. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Apple, hacked, iCloud, iPhone, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton Hide Comments   Show 1 comment Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-s-Swift-Playgrounds-expands-to-drones-11186733.php Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots By Wendy Lee Updated 4:59 pm, Thursday, June 1, 2017 Begin Slideshow 2 Photo: Photos Provided By Apple, Apple Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 This robotic Lego turtle can be programmed via Swift Playgrounds, starting on Monday. This robotic Lego turtle can be programmed via Swift Playgrounds, starting on Monday. Photo: Photos Provided By Apple, Apple Image 2 of 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook addresses audience members during the Apple World Wide Developers Conference at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in June 2016. Apple is trying to boost its appeal to students and educators with updates to its Swift Playgrounds app. less Apple CEO Tim Cook addresses audience members during the Apple World Wide Developers Conference at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in June 2016. Apple is trying to boost its appeal to students ... more Photo: James Tensuan, Special To The Chronicle Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Apple said Thursday that its Swift Playgrounds app will expand the ways it teaches students how to code, giving people the ability to program and control drones, robots and musical instruments. The Cupertino company is working with several businesses, including Lego, Parrot Education and Sphero, to bring these new options to Swift Playgrounds on Monday. The coding education app was introduced for the iPad last year, one of the few surprises at Apple’s annual developer conference. The app teaches young people how to use Swift, Apple’s programming language for iPhone and iPad apps. Latest business videos “We think coding is part of today’s society, whether you want to grow up to be a software developer or understand the world around you,” said Susan Prescott, vice president of product marketing for apps, markets and services. Apple has the “credibility to create curriculum to engage kids in coding,” she said. Apple introduced the Swift language in 2014. Today, roughly 250,000 apps on its App Store are written in Swift. Most of the rest are written in Objective-C, an older language that some developers view as more difficult to learn. Analysts say Apple is pushing Swift Playgrounds to reach potential customers at an earlier age and get them to use Apple products. Once the preferred device for U.S. classrooms, iPads lost their lead in 2014 to Chromebook, a laptop that uses Google software and is available in cheaper versions than the Apple tablet. While Swift Playgrounds won’t instantly reverse that trend, the app could help expose younger people to Apple. “Getting consumers to interact with Apple in a whole bunch of different ways helps develop that positive relationship early,” said Jennifer Kent, a director of research at Parks Associates, a Dallas research and consulting firm. Already, Apple has a strong following among younger consumers. Last year, 39 percent of 18- to 24-year-olds in the U.S. purchased an Apple product, compared with the 23 percent who bought a Samsung device, according to Parks Associates. Samsung is the leading maker of devices that run Google’s Android operating system, the chief rival to Apple’s iOS software. But iPad sales have declined. In Apple’s fiscal second quarter, the number of iPads sold dropped 13 percent to 8.9 million compared with a year earlier. Apple says that more than 1 million people have logged onto Swift Playgrounds to learn how to code. The app, designed for middle-school students, teaches people how to code by guiding characters through a mythical world. But now it can do much more. At a demonstration for reporters, Swift Playgrounds was used to move a spherical robot on the ground and flip a drone in the air. A different robot was even able to sway to the beats of “Gangnam Style” through programming on Swift Playgrounds. “I believe this is a strategic move for Apple,” said Polina Vorms, a research analyst with Futuresource Consulting in the United Kingdom. She added that Swift Playgrounds connecting with robots “will definitely be more exciting to students.” This year, Apple reduced the starting cost of iPads for schools to $299, making it more competitive with Chromebooks that range $200 to $300, Vorms said. Her firm said that just 19 percent of mobile devices shipped to K-12 schools in the U.S. use Apple’s operating system, compared with 58 percent that use Google’s. Chromebooks also work with coding education apps like Scratch that can be used to program robots. Kelly Croy, a teacher at Oak Harbor Middle School in Washington, said he is excited to have his students use Swift Playgrounds to program robots. “Now they get to use that same language that operates their phones ... to interact with robots in the physical world,” Croy said at a press event held at Apple. “It’s a game changer for my kids.” Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 Killion: Kerr's return has risk, but he completes Warriors Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 10 Man clobbers protesters with a bike lock at a Berkeley rally,... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Saudia Arabia, three other nations, cut diplomatic ties with Qatar Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Dick Greco contemplating a return to Tampa One driver accused of seven hit-and-run crashes across Tampa Bay area News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Top News How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Florida advances to softball World Series final series; USF out, FSU alive in region baseball Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Tom Jones' 2 Cents: NHL needs more Subbans Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for June 3 Top News St. Petersburg Opera Co. toasts love and art in 'The Tales of Hoffmann' A rained-out Led Zeppelin concert caused a riot at Tampa Stadium 40 years ago today Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Top Opinion Editorial: Florida budget deal trades cash for bad policy Editorial: No compelling case for sending more troops to Afghanistan Editorial: An inspiring choice to lead St. Petersburg College Column: Haley Veterans' Hospital committed to being top choice for vets Maxwell: Kennedy Space Center opens new worlds for grandsons Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News A Visit to Folly Farm in Safety Harbor - Photos by Douglas R. Clifford 'He broke me': A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin slams attacks by Trump and his family Why 'The Great British Baking Show' is the best thing on Netflix Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test A sit-down with the billionaire in the Big (Red) Apple behind St. Pete's next great skyscraper By Susan Taylor Martin Times Senior Correspondent Tampa Bay Times Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:28am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next NEW YORK CITY — Billionaire John Catsimatidis has a favorite word: opportunity. Related News/Archive New York developer Red Apple Group pays $2.6 million for downtown St. Petersburg arcade 4 Months Ago Red Apple Group buys coveted St. Petersburg parcel for $16.5 million 2 Months Ago Here's what to know before sitting down to a business lunch 7 Months Ago It was opportunity that led him as a college kid to buy the small grocery store where he worked, eventually parlaying it into Manhattan's biggest supermarket chain. It was opportunity that launched his Red Apple Group from soap and cereal into aviation, heating oil, insurance, finance, real estate and gas and convenience stores. And it was opportunity that prompted Catsimatidis to pay $16.5 million cash in April for an entire block in downtown St. Petersburg, a city that he has visited for years — his wife's 98-year-old father still lives there — but that he never thought was exactly flush with possibilities. Then, "all of a sudden, the city government seemed like it was a little more progressive in encouraging investment," says Catsimatidis, who is keeping a close eye on St. Petersburg's mayor race. "It's not as if we were looking for any investment but if somebody shows it to me and it's a good deal, I'll look into it. When the offer was made for the land in St. Pete, we wrote a check." PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Red Apple Group buys coveted St. Petersburg parcel for $16.5 million It is a Friday morning in Red Apple's headquarters, which cover the entire fifth floor of a high-rise office building in midtown Manhattan. Catsimatidis — whose hobbies include hosting a Sunday morning radio talk show — has just finished taping an interview in a room dominated by a big red glass apple. From there, he moves across the hall into a cluttered conference room. On one wall: An artist's conception of a soaring tower in St. Petersburg. Despite the rendering, Catsimatidis acknowledges that plans for the 400 block of Central Avenue are still in the preliminary stage as discussion continues over the best use of two vacant acres in the heart of a dramatically reenergized downtown. "I understand the city would like 200,000 (square feet) of office, 200,000 of hotels, lots of parking," he says. "It's a lot of land. We could have a separate hotel, a separate office building." But the 68-year-old Catsimatidis appears to have made up his mind in one regard: "We want to build a nice condo tower with great views. It will have balconies. I love balconies. You've got to be able to breathe fresh air." Cleared of all structures and attractively landscaped, the Central Avenue block probably will remain a fenced private park for at least a year. But Catsimatidis — who also bought a small building across the street for Red Apple's Florida headquarters — is poised to become a major player in downtown St. Petersburg's redevelopment just as he has become a well-known if sometimes eyebrow-raising figure in the city where he grew up. 'Common billionaire' politician Born in Greece, Catsimatidis was just six months sold when his parents moved to New York. He dropped out of college a few credits shy of graduation as he began building his grocery empire -- offering such innovations as check cashing and free delivery -- with stores under the names Red Apple, Gristedes and Sloan's. By age 24, Catsimatidis was making $1 million a year. Now, he ranks No. 581 on Forbes' list of the world's billionaires with a net worth of $3.3 billion, millions of which go to philanthropic causes. As Catsimatidis' businesses grew, so did his time in the public eye. Lining Red Apple's walls are dozens of photos of him with the famous, ranging from Fidel Castro and Cesar Chavez ("The poison on the grapes killing his workers also hurt my customers") to Ronald Reagan, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. He has been especially close to Clinton, hosting fundraisers and letting the former president use his private jet. Catsimatidis, who sports an American flag pin and a tie covered with little eagle heads, said he pays no attention to political labels when contributing. "I look at people I consider good people who want to do the right thing," he says. It was as a Republican, though, that Catsimatidis broke into politics himself, running for mayor of New York City in 2013 as a "common billionaire" who would create jobs and improve public safety. He faced an uphill fight, partly because some voters considered his Gristedes stores dingy and overpriced, partly because of his unorthodox campaigning style. "Mr. Catsimatidis — whose smiling photo still appears at the top of Gristedes coupon fliers — has proved an exuberant and disruptive presence," the New York Times said at the time. "He swore at an audience member who questioned him at a Young Republicans' meeting, expressed skepticism about global warming at a sustainability event (he was booed), and once trailed off midsentence at a candidate forum, telling the puzzled audience, "Sorry, lost my train of thought." Catsimatidis was defeated in the Republican primary and recently abandoned thoughts of another try at the mayor's office, deeming the chances of anyone beating incumbent Bill de Blasio as "slim to none." As his New York grocery stores dwindled in number, victims of soaring rents and increased competition, Catsimatidis moved into other ventures including real estate. He owns "three or four blocks" on Coney Island where he plans to build residential towers. As a result of buying dozens of Pantry Pride supermarkets in Florida in the 1980s, "I owned 40 shopping centers from Key West to Riviera Beach," he says. Those have since been sold, and Catsimatidis is now focused on the Tampa Bay area, calling himself "almost a native of St. Pete." Deep St. Pete connections His initial ties to the city were through his wife, Margo. An Indiana native, she had moved to New York to purse a career as a ballerina but went to work as a temp for Red Apple after breaking an ankle. She and Catsimatidis married and had two children, John Jr. and Andrea, both executives with the company. Decades ago, the Catsimatidises began going to St. Petersburg to visit Margo's retired parents. The gregarious Catsimatidis got to know many prominent locals including then-Mayor Rick Baker, who "attended all of my wife's New Year's parties," he says. Catsimatidis clearly keeps up with local happenings that could affect his investments. He comments that "a lot of people have gotten behind" Baker in his current race for mayor against incumbent Rick Kriseman. But asked if plans to contribute to Baker, he quickly adds: "The other fellow seems like a decent guy, too." Among those in the bay area especially close to Catsimatidis is U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis of Tarpon Springs, who was best man at Andrea Catsimatidis' wedding to one of Richard Nixon's grandsons. (They have since divorced). Another Greek-American House member seems less in favor. "Charlie Crist was sitting in that chair where you are two days ago," Catsimatidis tells a reporter. "He was trying to raise money. I've known Charlie since he was governor and he p---- me off. He didn't show up to my wife's party." Catsimatidis doesn't remember which of his local contacts steered him toward the downtown St. Petersburg block, which he acquired after feuding owners resolved a long-running dispute. But he saw opportunity, even if it's not clear exactly what form it will take. "We didn't come here with a preliminary agenda other than to do a beautiful building," he says. "I don't mind spending money, I want to be proud of what we're doing." Even as Red Apple executives meet with architects and hotel companies about plans for the St. Petersburg property, the company remains on the look-out for other opportunities. One hint: "I love the beach," says Catsimatidis, who likes to stay at the TradeWinds Island Grand Resort on St. Pete Beach. Another hint: On a recent trip to Florida, he had breakfast with Tampa Bay Lighting owner Jeff Vinik, who is involved in a $2 billion makeover of Tampa's Channelside area. "He wanted to meet us and tell us what he's doing in Tampa and the opportunities," Catsimatidis says. In addition to real estate, he considers the bio-medical field ripe for investment "because people want to live longer." He and some family members have diabetes, so he is especially intrigued by talk that Apple is developing a device that continuously and non-invasively monitors blood sugar levels. One business where Catsimatidis sees less opportunity is the one where he got his start almost 50 years ago. Grocery stores are "going to have to change more or die," he says. "Every drug store now is a food store." Contact Susan Taylor Martin at smartin@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8642. Follow @susanskate John Catsimatidis Born: Sept. 7, 1948 in Nisyros, Greece Businesses: Owner of Gristedes Food; chairman and CEO of Red Apple Group energy and real estate conglomerate Net worth: $3.3 billion Politics: Ran for mayor of New York City in 2013 Quote: "If it's a good deal, I'll look into it.'' A sit-down with the billionaire in the Big (Red) Apple behind St. Pete's next great skyscraper 06/01/17 [Last modified: Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:36pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... More Business News Tap for more Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature 6/03/17 State Roundup By Mary Ellen Klas and Steve Bousquet, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE —Another backroom deal, this time involving the governor who has blasted the Legislature for secrecy, is leaving a trail of frustration and distrust in the state capital as elected lawmakers are being called back for a special session this week to rubber stamp a budget they were excluded from … Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many 6/02/17 State Roundup By Kristen M. Clark, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE — Advocates of traditional public education welcomed Gov. Rick Scott's demand on Friday that lawmakers redo the K-12 education budget for next year and boost it with $215 million in additional spending. Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget 6/02/17 State Roundup By Michael Auslen, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE — Gov. Rick Scott vetoed more than $34 million in state funds headed to Tampa Bay late Friday, freeing up money to fund his priorities in a budget deal he and legislative leaders sealed in private. Rick Scott agrees to sign $83 billion state budget after reaching deal with Corcoran, Negron 6/02/17 State Roundup By Steve Bousquet, Mary Ellen Klas, MIchael Auslen and Kristen M. Clark, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau MIAMI — Ending months of bitter political warfare, Gov. Rick Scott and House Speaker Richard Corcoran publicly made peace Friday after striking a deal in private to spend more money on schools, jobs and tourism. New hotel opens in Wesley Chapel 6/02/17 BusinessBy Danielle Hauser, Times Correspondent The brand new Holiday Inn Express & Suites Tampa North-Wesley Chapel recently opened to guests. More Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer Posted on June 1, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Former CTO of Vonage, CTO of iHeartRadio and Apple Executive Joins Senior Leadership Team at Leading Video Solutions Company NEW YORK, NY (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 JW Player, the world’s largest network-independent video platform, today announced it has hired Pablo Calamera as Chief Technology Officer. In this role, he will lead the company's engineering teams and drive market-leading innovations across JW Player’s global business. Calamera will work closely with the executive team and product leaders to develop and drive the company's strategic vision and direction. He will directly impact the evolution of the company's products and services, and play a key role in aligning technology across company departments, ensuring JW Player’s short- and long-term growth goals are met. A skilled technical leader and industry pioneer, Calamera has guided technical teams at small and large companies including iconic enterprises like Vonage, iHeartRadio, and Apple. His deep experience in fostering innovation while utilizing the latest technologies to fuel growth are a recurrent theme through his career. “Pablo is a technologist to his core with a 30-year track record of leveraging technology-based solutions to drive business value,” said JW Player CEO Dave Otten. “As we continue to support our customers’ growth, expand globally and lead industry innovation, we need leadership talent with deep experience building products and services from concept to completion for other leading technology companies.” Prior to joining JW Player, Calamera served as CTO of Vonage, where he was responsible for leading the company's technology vision, architecture and design, as well as all aspects of technology development and operations, including new products, enabling technologies and R&D. As the CTO of Thumbplay—a critically acclaimed cloud-based music service— Calamera guided the company from startup to its acquisition by digital and terrestrial radio-giant Clear Channel. He was later named Clear Channel CTO, overseeing all technology initiatives related to iHeartRadio. As Director of Engineering at Apple, he helped grow the .Mac service and subsequent launch and expansion of MobileMe, a global consumer service for iPhone, iPod Touch, AppleTV, OSX and Windows. "As the original video tech innovator, JW Player changed how the world watched video and connected online,” said Calamera. “Today, that innovation continues to thrive as JW Player expands its business model from video player into more complex data service capabilities. It’s an extremely exciting time to be in the video space and there isn’t a better company to be joining than JW Player.” JW Player’s strong growth has pushed its overall client base past 20,000 including enterprise customers such as Univision, Hearst, Red Bull, VICE Media and Bell Media. The company’s video player footprint now spans 193 countries and its technology is live on more than 2 million sites with over 1.3 billion monthly unique viewers across all devices. About JW Player JW Player is the world’s largest network-independent video platform. Founded in 2008 as the first open source video player, today JW Player’s customers span the globe across 193 countries, and range from Fortune 500 companies to video-centric small businesses. The company’s flagship product, JW Player, is live on more than 2 million sites with over 1.3 billion monthly unique viewers across all devices — OTT, mobile and desktop. In addition to the player, the company’s services include advertising, analytics, data services, video hosting and streaming. For more information, see http://www.jwplayer.com. Media Contact Tim Gray Director of Communications & Public Relations tim(at)jwplayer(dot)com (917) 202-9515 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14383653.htm Latest News Restorer of Streets to Live In: Homelessness in the Age of Trump Republic Business Credit Provides $5.0 Million Facility to Texas Based Workforce Services Provider May IVANS Index Shows Positive Results JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer Control System Integrator Huffman Engineering Celebrates 30 Year Anniversary Presagia Sports and PRIVIT Have Partnered to Improve the Management of Athlete Health Data International Recording Artist Lariss Set to Unveil US Debut Single “Dale Papi” Featuring Hip-Hop Artist K7 Oldcastle SurePods Working with Marriott Hotel Developers to Speed Hotel Construction via Modular Construction ClearSky Announces the First Deployment of FORTÉ, a Multi-operator, In-building Cellular Coverage Solution for Mid-sized Properties Canonsburg Hospital Hosts First-Ever Child Safety Day Event © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Insider Picks BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful Brandt Ranj, Insider Picks Jun. 1, 2017, 10:45 AM 7,574 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Amazon I've written about USB-C before; it's the next standard cable type that every major tech company is beginning to adopt. This new connector has many benefits: It's small, reversible, and has the same physical shape as the one found on Thunderbolt 3 cables. Although having a single-cable future will eventually make life way more convenient, there are growing pains. Thankfully, Anker's new power charger can help ease some of them. Unlike previous versions of USB, USB-C is capable of powering larger electronics, like laptops. It's the only way to charge Apple's latest MacBook and MacBook Pro; and through a special cable, it's the fastest way to charge the iPad Pro. Apple sells official power chargers for the MacBook and MacBook Pro, but both of them are pretty expensive. I bought one to quickly charge my iPad Pro, and the difference is very noticeable. Anker's USB-C PD (Power Delivery) charger is actually a little faster than the one Apple ships with the MacBook, and the company sent one over for me to try.  I don't own a USB-C-equipped MacBook yet, but my teammate Rich does, and he used Anker's charger instead of the one that came with his 13" MacBook Pro. It charged the laptop without any problems, even when the computer was being used. I tested it against Apple's official MacBook charger using my iPad Pro and the results were identical. Both chargers charged the device 46% in one hour. Apple's charger outputs at 29 watts and Anker's at 30 watts, so the results make sense, but it's good to see that both can charge consistently.  Where Anker's charger wins is in price. It's $18 cheaper than the one Apple sells with its MacBook, while being slightly more powerful. Apple's MacBook Pro charger is 87 Watts, but Anker's was still able to hold its own during regular use.  As more devices — be they computers, headphones, phones, or tablets — adopt USB-C, you're going to need a quick way to charge them. If you're running into this problem already, Anker's latest wall charger is a good solution. Anker USB Type-C with Power Delivery 30W USB Wall Charger, $27.99, Available At Amazon If you want to see more from Insider Picks, we're collecting emails for an upcoming newsletter. You'll be the first to hear about the stuff we cover. Click here to sign up . Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com. Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2017. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter. More from Insider Picks: SEE ALSO: 20 must-have tech accessories under $20 More: Insider Picks 2017 Tech MacBook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we... Your Editor (online now) Breton Fischetti × From Body Thank you for your input. Close Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Insider Picks Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple says payouts from App Store total $70 bn By Afp Published: 10:43 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:43 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail The Apple logo at a store in the central business district of Sydney. Apple holds its Worldwide Developers Conference next week in California Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week's annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. "Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference." Apple said downloads have grown over 70 percent over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Benjamin Geskin Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make Chris Smith @chris_writes June 1st, 2017 at 10:18 AM Share Tweet The iPhone 8 continues to be one of the hottest topics in the tech world, and today we’ve got another interesting concept to look at, one that proposes an amazing design. But sadly, it’s probably this new concept iPhone 8 features a design that Apple will likely never actually make. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Concocted by designer David Chapman as the “iPhone Pro,” this iPhone 8 device looks very much like an iPhone 7. If it were not for the all-screen design and the rear camera, you might think this is indeed an iPhone 7 variation. And that’s precisely what makes this iPhone 8 concept unlikely. Does this make you want the White-Silver model?#iPhonePro / #iPhone8 Concept pic.twitter.com/1Z7d2dKdJR — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 Sure, Apple will adopt an all-screen design for the iPhone 8, and eliminate the physical home button in the process. And sure, the phone will have a vertical dual camera on the back. But what Chapman gets wrong here based on the many iPhone 8 rumors and leaks from reputable sources, is the phone’s rear design. The iPhone 8 is expected to support wireless charging, a first for Apple. That means the phone’s shell can’t be made out of metal. All reports do say the phone will feature a glass sandwich design consisting of a stainless steel chassis that houses all the internal components, sandwiched between two sheets of 2.5D glass. After seeing tons of #iPhone8 #iPhonePro mockups, I decided to make one that maintains Ive’s desire for symmetry. pic.twitter.com/oE2JiHByJt — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 With metal out of the picture, those hideous antenna bands will also disappear, and they’re likely to be replaced with tiny antenna bands on the edges, similar to what Apple did with the iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 — those iPhones also had a glass sandwich design. There are other details in Chapman’s designs that do not jibe with more recent rumors. The camera flash should be placed between the two rear cameras, the power button should be slightly longer, and the front-facing camera and sensors should “protrude” into the top side of the display. At least there’s no fingerprint sensor on the back, though. As for the screen design Chapman imagines, we’re looking at a display that resembles the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8, although the top and bottom bezels appear to be even smaller. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project By Yoni Heisler 11 hours ago AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers By Chris Mills 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The FA Cup Final Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Lifestyle London Life WWDC 2017: meet London’s iOS developers heading to Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference The capital’s best and brightest offer their predictions for Californian tech-fest Ben Travis Thursday 1 June 2017 16:28 BST Click to follow ES Lifestyle Bright sparks: London's best iOS developers are venturing to San Jose for Apple's WWDC 2017 An Apple event is a highly anticipated, high-octane ceremony. There are big names to match the big announcements, and choreographed big reveals will travel around the world in minutes, as the reverent acolytes reach for their iPhone 7s to share the news.  The next hot ticket for Apple insiders? Getting a front-row seat at WWDC 2017, the Worldwide Developer’s Conference, where Apple will unveil software updates, and possibly shiny new gadgetry. It runs for five days next week, starting on Monday, in San Jose, California, and draws a global crowd. The capital’s tech sector will be well represented: a raft of developers is poised to make the flight to the west coast, and then run with whatever CEO Tim Cook dreams up next.  Watch a sneak peek of Apple's Campus 2 building in California Meet the capital’s coders who are California-bound in search of Silicon Valley’s next big thing. The trusted advisor (Matt Writtle) Gabriela Pittari, Rungway  Venezuelan-born developer Gabriela Pittari now works in Camden (“London is the best city for technology”) and is heading to WWDC for the first time — she’ll celebrate her 29th birthday there. Pittari is lead iOS developer for mentoring app Rungway, which lets users ask for advice on personal and professional issues, for example: “Any tips on how to balance the amount of communication with my manager?” She’s there to improve. “Rungway works perfectly,” she says. “But the input of the conference will make the user interface better.”  Read more WhatsApp adds bold, italic, and strikethrough text options She’s hoping to hear about new features within Apple’s coding language, Swift, which Rungway and most other apps use. “The hardware is cool to have but my day-to-day is with the operating system and the instruments Apple gives coders.” Birthday wish: A selfie with design deity Jony Ive. “If I get to meet him, I’ll hug him. If I got a picture, it’s going on my Instagram for sure.” The master mind (Matt Writtle) Miguel Angel Quinones, Peak After two failed attempts it was third time lucky for Quiñones, aged 33, in the WWDC ticket lottery. He’s heading out with brain-training app Peak, which has its HQ in Holborn. He finds London’s tech scene more lively than the “quite small” iOS community in Warsaw, where he worked for five years after growing up in Barcelona.  His tip for this year’s conference is a potential augmented reality update. “Apple could build tools for developers to build first-class AR apps,” he says. “At Peak we’re reactive. We always look at what the trend is and see how we can adapt it to our app.” Apple hero: Swift creator Chris Lattner. “To introduce a new primary language overnight and prompt people to go and use it was a big feat.” The fast developer (Matt Writtle) Martin Hartt, Student at King’s College London  Hartt is just 20 years old but he’s already making an impact. After spending his youth playing Jak and Daxter on PS2, he became interested in game creation and started making his apps. Now a student at King’s College, he’s heading to WWDC for the second year in a row after winning Apple’s WWDC scholarship. There he’ll be launching Waowi, an app he’s developed with his brother Rudy, a network that encourages conversation with strangers, inviting users to record a voice note and chat live. WWDC highlight: His selfie with Apple CEO Tim Cook last year. (Martin Hartt) “He stood there for an hour surrounded by teenagers trying to take selfies and seems  like a great guy.” The speed demon (Matt Writtle) Shaun Rutland, Hutch After launching game Smash Cops five years ago the Hutch team has grown from four staff to 60.  Rutland, 42, is heading to “Dub Dub Dee Cee” (as he calls it) to show off latest game Race Kings, a car-based title he describes as “the most complex game we’ve ever done”.  His highlight of last year’s WWDC was seeing Craig Federighi (Apple’s senior VP of software engineering) mingling with attendees. “He was approachable,” Rutland recalls. “That sort of openness and accessibility is cool.” WWDC target: New hardware announcements. “It’s exciting for us to see if we can get our software to utilise the latest hardware. Apple are very pro high-end 3D games.” 10 years of Apple's iPhone 7 show all 10 years of Apple's iPhone 1/7 Unveiled Steve Jobs with the first iPhone AFP/Getty Images 2/7 iPhone The original iPhone Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel PA 3/7 iPhone 3G Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel AFP/Getty Images 4/7 iPhone 4 Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 5 megapixel Getty Images 5/7 iPhone 5 Screen size 4in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 6/7 iPhone 6 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 7/7 iPhone 7 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 12 megapixel PA The multi-tasker (Matt Writtle) Rob Elkin, Busuu Elkin, aged 32, is off to San Jose with language-learning app Busuu, where he’s hoping to hear announcements about the Apple Watch and AI that will impact his Old Street-based company. But he’s not going just for WWDC — he helped co-found AltConf, a free alternative conference next door, which caters to the overspill of developers unable to get WWDC passes.  “It started as a co-working space with a lunchtime talk. In 2013 it ramped up and became a fully-fledged conference,” he says. There’s a lot of chatter about the “cult of Apple”, though Elkin praises the company for becoming less, well, culty in recent years. “They’re able to engage a lot more, and they listen to feedback from medium to large companies.” Most treasured tech: “My iPhone. It never leaves my side.” The double act John Miles and Amber Vodegel, Health & Parenting Ltd This husband-and-wife duo develop apps including advice services Pregnancy+ and Baby+, and take it in turns to attend conferences and stay home on family and business duties. An overhaul to the app, planned for September, is set to bring new computer graphics and social media elements to their software.  This is Miles’s third WWDC trip but he has never met Jony Ive, his hero. “I studied industrial design too, he has one of those very impressive journeys that you look at with admiration,” he says. WWDC survival tech: iPhone, and a grand total of three sets of headphones (basic earbuds, wireless AirPods, noise-cancelling Beats by Dre), and a Macbook Pro for “proper work”. The song star (Francesca Bradley) Francesca Bradley, Shazam Audio-recognition software Shazam is a true App Store icon and it has an office in Hammersmith. The iOS app has just been redesigned and Bradley, 24, hopes WWDC will bring new Swift announcements to adapt it further. “The integration of apps in iMessage was something Shazam jumped straight on last year,” she says. “You can now Shazam straight from iMessage.”  Read more Apple finally reveals how to take a perfect photo on your iPhone Hidden feature in iOS 10.3 update will free up space on your iPhone Apple boss Tim Cook tells PM 'the UK's going to be fine after Brexit' This is Bradley’s second WWDC — and she’s only a recent convert to the Steve Jobs tribe. “I actually had an Android when I started at Shazam,” she confesses. “I got an iPhone in December — it’s still joked about in the office today.” Most-used app: Snapchat. “My god-daughter loves the filters. We’ve just integrated Shazam in Snapchat too.” Follow Ben Travis on Twitter: @BenSTravis More about: Apple iOS WWDC Iphone IPad London developer Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Anthony Bouchard on June 1, 2017 3 Twelve South just launched a new Space Gray color option for its popular BookArc stand for MacBook, MacBook Air, and MacBook Pro on Thursday. It’s intended to look great with the OEM Space Gray color Apple offers for its MacBook with Retina display and 2016 MacBook Pro (with or without the Touch Bar), and it joins the classic silver finish, made to match the standard aluminum finish of the previous generation MacBook Pro, along with other notebooks in Apple’s lineup. Albeit a different color, the Space Gray BookArc still functions like the original BookArc, providing users with a clutter-free solution to storing their notebook when not in use. Fortunately, the large open pasture just below the docking station works as a cable catch to help keep things organized. BookArc also enables your Apple-branded notebook to operate in clamshell mode with an external display, keyboard, and mouse in a streamlined vertical fashion. A silicone insert on the inside of the aluminum stand cradles your notebook with care, preventing unwanted scratches on its metallic surface. The inside of the insert is contoured to create a snug fit under the weight of the notebook, and more importantly, it’s perfectly-balanced to prevent toppling. We made a review of the original Twelve South BookArc last year and feel as though you’re getting a high-quality stand for the $50 price tag – keeping both a minimal footprint and empowering you with better storage for your expensive notebook when not in use. We also covered the updated model, which added support for the 2016 MacBook Pro, on our YouTube channel earlier this year: Subscribe to iDB on YouTube The new Space Gray option keeps the same price as the original stand, which will be great news for those using a Space Gray machine and are looking for a new desk storage option. If you’re interested in picking one up for $49.99, you can head over to Twelve South’s website, where you’ll also find other goodies for your Apple products in addition to the BookArc. Will you be grabbing the updated color option for your notebook storage needs? Let us know what you think about the new color option in the comments section below! Tagged: Accessories Aluminum Apple Dock Hardware MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro News Stand Twelve South MORE FROM iDB Twelve South’s BookArc is a lightweight and stylish Apple notebook stand iQunix makes an affordable, high-quality stand for MacBook Twelve South launches portable MacBook stand that folds up like iPad Smart Cover Al Fresco isn’t the fan on the bottom in the pic? It seems to me that it would be better for the fan to be on the top when mounted in the stand, no? Anthony Bouchard Technically speaking, you can set it up or down. So however you please. Hamza Balfakhar I think this is useless . Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals The Ultimate Microsoft Office CPD Certification Bundle for $39 NetSpot Home: Lifetime License for $19 Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Look out Alexa! Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon and will unveil it NEXT WEEK The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home Sources suggest Apple employees have been testing the speaker for months Company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio Apple could unveil the speakers at the annual conference, report claims Could be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' and boast Beats technology By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:19 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 11 shares 12 View comments Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival the Amazon Echo and Google Home, according to a new report. Sources suggest Apple could be unveiling the speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June in San Jose, with a public release later in the year. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, but will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. Scroll down for video Sources say Apple could be unveiling the Siri speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June with release later in the year.  The speaker would be a key rival to the Amazon Echo (pictured) and Google Home APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. The speaker will provide a hub for appliances via Apple's HomeKit system and establish a centre inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, according to the report. A speaker might help customers stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods.  Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. The speaker will provide a hub inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, writes Bloomberg.  It might encourage customers to stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. These products generated the company $11 billion (£8.5 billion) last year. Sources suggest Apple employees have already been testing the speaker for months. The firm is known for unveiling new technologies at its Worldwide Developers Conference and this year’s conference might be the first in three years to introduce new hardware. Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. It is believed a third-party will build products for the speaker.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Drones take to the skies to supply DOUGHNUTS: UAVs team up... Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre... From hugs to reassuring touches: Chimps and humans console... US Army to test its ROBOTIC convoy: Self-driving military... Share this article Share 11 shares According to 9to5 Mac, KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo calls it 'Apple's first home AI product', and says it will feature 'excellent' sound with seven tweeters and a subwoofer. 'It will be positioned as a more premium product than the Echo…with a higher price tag to match, the site says. According to Mr Kuo, Apple hopes to ship around 10 million of these as-yet-unannounced devices in the first year, and it will be made by Inventec, the same company that made Apple's AirPods.  A leak in April revealed that the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its own smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, said it could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS' A leak in April by Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device.' It also noted that the Siri-driven device could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS.'  Mr Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.'  Insiders suggest Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said (stock image)  Adding AirPlay support to the device would let users 'push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth,' Apple Insider reported. Apple has yet to make an official announcement regarding their Siri-enabled smart speaker. MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.   A speaker might help customers stay loyal to services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods, and could be a secret weapon to take on Amazon's Echo (pictured) Read more: Apple Opening Siri, Developing Echo Rival ¿ The Information Apple's Siri-based smart home speaker might be close to completion Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple 'finalizing' design of Amazon Echo rival based on Siri Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online KGI: Apple likely to announce ¿home AI¿ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Elite SAS 'Blue Thunder' unit lands helicopter on London... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... 'Enough is enough - things have to change': May admits... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 12 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Why a grinning monkey may be about to go ape: Primates showing their teeth are actually signalling their intention to bite 31 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple iPhone 8 news schematics leaked, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ Apple iPhone 8 news schematics leaked, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ The two interesting leaks for the Apple iPhone 8 today include new schematics revealing edge-to-edge display, and alleged render images comparing the size of iPhone 8 against Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 3, 2017 9:53 am Apple iPhone 8 leaked design in between Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ (Image credit: iDrop News) Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected We’re seeing quite a few Apple iPhone 8 leaks every single day. Apple’s tenth anniversary smartphone is expected to come with a radical redesign, and that includes edge-to-edge display leaving no room for Touch ID. Most rumours say TouchID will be integrated underneath the display itself, which means an infrared sensor will read the fingerprint. The two interesting leaks for the iPhone 8 include new schematics from SlashLeaks, and alleged render images comparing the size of iPhone 8 against Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ from iDrop News. About the comparison renders of iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8, iDrop News notes these are based on anonymous “factory workers with intimate knowledge”. Twitter user Benjamin Geskin‏ has put out both these leaks. His renders comparing the iPhone 8 against the new generation of Samsung Galaxy S8 phones have been shared by iDrop News. According to the report, iPhone 8 will have a 5.8-inch OLED iPhone with the following dimensions: 143.59 x 70.94 x 7.57 mm. It stands against the two Galaxy smartphones, but it still appears smaller than the two phones, thanks to the edge-to-edge display. Even Samsung’s current Galaxy S8+ with its 6.2-inch display is similar in dimensions to the current Apple iPhone 7 Plus, which has a much smaller 5.5-inch display. iDrop also posted an image of the iPhone 8 comparing it to Apple’s existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and you can see that even though the screen size is now 5.8-inches, the new iPhone is smaller than the iPhone 7 Plus. It will be interesting to see how the final iPhone 8 looks, and how easy it will be to use for customers, given the bump in display. Also read: Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Additionally the leaked schematics via SlashLeaks reveal the front and back design of the iPhone 8. As seen from the images, the front of iPhone 8 will be an edge-to-edge display design without the signature iPhone home button, something similar to Samsung Galaxy S8. Apple iPhone 8 will likely have flat display, and not the dual-curved edge one we’ve seen on Samsung’s Galaxy S8 series. The back, according to schematic, will feature a vertical dual camera setup. It also shows a tiny circular area, which is claimed to be the space for the Apple logo, and not fingerprint sensor. The fingerprint sensor will likely be integrated underneath the display at the front, according to the report. Last week, the Economic Daily News (EDN) report noted Apple apparently has overcome the hurdle of Touch ID placement on iPhone 8’s display. Apple iPhone 8 is expected to launch in September, this year. Apple’s developer conference WWDC 2017 starts on Tuesday, where the company is expected to announced a new speaker with Siri and new range of MacBooks as well. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple iPhone 8 C Christus Vincent Jun 2, 2017 at 7:49 pm I don't know if this will help out.but recently Apple published an AD campaign can you guys figure something out from this Check out this article s: goo.gl/3l48X2 Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Property news Buying Renting Mortgages Area guides London Commuter hotspots Luxury Home & garden Interiors Food Gardening Sign in Register Property news Buying Mortgages New Homes First-time buyers Holiday homes Renting Luxury Property Celebrity homes Interiors Design Area guides London Zone 1 London Zone 2 London Zone 3 London Zone 4 London Zone 5 London Zone 6 Commuter hotspots Home & garden Interiors Design news Food Gardening Offers ES shop Back Issues Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Home & garden Interiors Design news California at the Design Museum:new exhibition celebrates the global reach of cutting-edge design from the West Coast state California was at the forefront of mid-century design. Now, for the first time, a show at the Design Museum's examines the impact of Californian Sixties style on the way we live... Dominic Lutyens Thursday 1 June 2017 15:31 BST Click to follow H&P California design: tour the cutting-edge Sixties style 14 show all California design: tour the cutting-edge Sixties style 1/14 Iconic shot Detail from a Beverly Hills Hotel Slim Aarons photo, 30in x 30in (£1,450) at Jonathan Adler 2/14 In modern mode Cactus vase, £40; Soren 5 shelving unit £429; Soren magazine table, £150; Hendrick chair, £499; Soren coffee table, £199; Astrid cushion, £30; Felix rug, £160. All from the Palm Springs collection, new for summer at John Lewis 3/14 Clean lines Malibu sofa from Jonathan Adler, (£5,400) 4/14 Laid-back There’s a clean-lined, laid-back California inspiration behind the S2/Caché sideboard from byKATO of Denmark at Aram (£3,174) 5/14 Think flower power Jet Set needlepoint San Francisco cushion (£98) at Jonathan Adler 6/14 Bold colours Blue vase £30, red George glass bottle £15, white Kendall glass bottle £25, Horatio owl vessel, from £15, all from Palm Springs collection at John Lewis 7/14 Twisting by the pool Diamond chairs by Harry Bertoia with removable seat pads in Divina fabric for Knoll (£1,227) 8/14 Dome kit Buckminster Fuller-inspired dome kit by Hubs (£115) at Design Museum 9/14 Mid-century magicians Rocker by Charles and Ray Eames from Vitra (£450) 10/14 Natural design Outdoor Leaf chair by Arper, £490 11/14 Inspired by nature Evoke lush LA greenery with a set of four cheese plant leaf coasters by Finest Imagery (£15) 12/14 Go green Back to nature, California style — the brightly coloured Ursula jug by Kahler at Skandium (£36) 13/14 Sixties geometrics In mango wood with brass handles, the Newton sideboard (£699) 14/14 Comfort, California style Truman armless section sofa covered in Savannah Paradise fabric (£1,595) and Serengeti cushion (£49), from Andrew Martin The Golden State — California — is the inspired theme of a new exhibition at the Design Museum in Kensington. The West Coast state’s countless cutting-edge design innovations have changed the way we live. Yet surprisingly, this is the first show to acknowledge their impact. “There have been many shows about West Coast mid-century design,” says co-curator Justin McQuirk. “But this is the first to examine California’s global reach in many areas of design.” California is Hollywood film’s birthplace and it was here that much mid-century, light-filled modern architecture was pioneered. The internet was first developed in California and hi-tech giants Apple, Facebook and Twitter are headquartered in Silicon Valley today. The entrepreneurial, individualistic spirit of Californians can be traced back to the settlers who ventured as far as the Pacific Ocean, as well as to the 1848 Gold Rush. But the show, California: Designing Freedom, charts its design history since the Sixties. Inspired by nature: evoke lush LA greenery with a set of four cheese plant leaf coasters by Finest Imagery (£15) That decade saw California’s eco-conscious hippy counterculture raise concerns about the environment and experiment with self-build architecture far from the polluted cities. One of its heroes was architect Buckminster Fuller, a champion of solar and wind energy, whose transparent geodesic domes brought people into closer contact with nature. The show features 200 objects, among them a Fuller dome, surfboards, psychedelic posters, original artwork for classic 1982 movie Blade Runner, the 1984 Apple Mac — the world’s first personal computer — and Google’s self-driving car. Apple has sold over a billion iPhones but just as the state is a hi-tech powerhouse, so its mid-century design heritage is perennially appealing. Read more Surreal interiors trend brings designer furniture with a wacky twist It evokes an easy, laid-back lifestyle. Furniture created by West Coast designers was clean-lined and contemporary yet comfortable and colourful. They favoured rounded shapes inspired by nature and organic forms. Californian modernist architecture, too, aimed to connect with the great outdoors. Take Pierre Koenig’s glass-fronted Stahl House, built high in the lush Hollywood Hills and famously photographed by Julius Shulman in the Sixties. LA-based husband-and-wife design team Charles and Ray Eames produced furniture in organic, sculptural shapes. Their home was modern yet cosy with wood-lined walls, a profusion of plants, rugs, cushions and exotic ornaments bought on their travels. They weren't averse to homely clutter, and their taste still influences interiors today. In modern mode: cactus vase, £40; Soren 5 shelving unit £429; Soren magazine table, £150; Hendrick chair, £499; Soren coffee table, £199; Astrid cushion, £30; Felix rug, £160. All from the Palm Springs collection, new for summer at John Lewis John Lewis’s colourful new Palm Springs collection, named after the Californian city where mid-century architecture thrived, channels this spirit. The 300 pieces, including furniture, lighting and rugs, available from late summer, demonstrate the style’s enduring popularity. The range’s many stylised plant and animal motifs, including owl-shaped vases, echo the mid-century period’s love of nature. “Soft, rounded shapes are presented in dark wood, glass and brass, while the textiles nod to the vibrant colour, plants and environment of the Palm Springs region,” says Philippa Prinsloo, head of design at John Lewis. Read more How to kit out your first home for 80% less than high street prices Update your home for summer with fabulous florals The 10 best homeware designs of the 20th century — yours from £16 The informal vibe has also inspired Martin Waller, founder of Andrew Martin, which stocks California-style Truman armless sofas while Atkin and Thyme’s Californian-style furniture includes the Newton sideboard, made in mango wood with brass-plated handles. American designer Jonathan Adler’s L-shaped Malibu sofa evokes Hollywood glamour, while his funky needlepoint cushion spelling out “San Francisco” recalls Sixties flower power. Adler’s website also stocks Slim Aarons’ powder blue-tinted photo of The Beverly Hills Hotel. The Design Museum Shop is another source of Californian-themed products, many inspired by the state’s lush vegetation, including Finest Imagery coasters shaped like cheese plant leaves, and Arper’s outdoor Leaf chair. Other items tap into California’s original design heritage, including Eames chairs and Buckminster Fuller-style domes. California: Designing Freedom, until October 15, Design Museum, Kensington High Street, W8   Follow us on Twitter @HomesProperty, Facebook and Instagram More about: design news interiors Homeware Furniture Design Museum design Kensington Comments For Sale To Rent For Sale Location Type FlatsHousesBungalowsLandCommercial PropertyOther Beds No Min1 Bed2 Bed3 Bed4 Bed5 Bed Min Price Max Price To rent Location Type FlatsHousesBungalowsLandCommercial PropertyOther Beds No Min1 Bed2 Bed3 Bed4 Bed5 Bed Min Price Max Price Most Popular Sponsored Features Follow us: indy100 Evening Standard The Independent User policies Terms of use Community Guidelines Privacy policy Cookie policy Contact us Archive Partners: Residential Land All Topics
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ How-To/ How to Subscribe to a Podcast on iOS or iTunes How to Subscribe to a Podcast on iOS or iTunes By Lance Whitney June 1, 2017 08:00am EST 10 Comments You can subscribe to a podcast either through Apple's mobile Podcasts app or iTunes, but you'll want to follow certain steps to make it work right. Apple's iTunes offers an army of podcasts covering a wide range of topics. If you want to subscribe, you can use Apple's Podcasts app on your mobile device or iTunes on your computer. The trick is to choose the right subscription settings and make sure those settings are in sync on your iPhone or iPad and on your computer. Here's how. Let's first subscribe to a podcast via the Podcasts app, which comes built-in to iOS. Open the app and tap on the Featured button at the bottom of the screen to browse "new and noteworthy" podcasts or shows by category. Tap the Top Charts button to see the top-ranked and most popular podcasts. Tap on the Search button to search for a particular podcast by name or topic. Tap on a podcast that interests you. At that podcast's main screen, tap on the name of a specific episode to listen to or watch it by streaming it. Tap on the cloud icon next to the name of an episode if you wish to download it so you can listen to or watch it offline. After the episode has downloaded, tap Play. If you like a podcast, you can subscribe to it by tapping the "Subscribe" button. This means each new episode is downloaded as it becomes available and shows up in your list of podcasts. Do this for each podcast that interests you. Now tap on the My Podcasts button at the bottom of the screen. From the list of podcasts, tap on one to which you subscribed. Tap on the Settings icon (the one that looks like a gear). Here you can control your subscription. Under Settings, tap on the "Play" option to determine if you want to play the episodes from newest to oldest or vice versa. Tap on the "Sort Order" option to determine whether episodes are displayed from newest to oldest or oldest to newest. Keep the "Subscribed" button turned on. Turn on the "Notifications" button to be notified when a new episode debuts; otherwise turn it off. Under the "On this iPhone" or "On this iPad" section, tap on the "Refresh Every" setting to determine how often you want the app to check for new episodes. Tap on "Limit Episodes" to control how far in the past you wish to go back to access previous episodes. The "Download Episodes" option determines how far back you wish to download old episodes. And "Delete Played Episodes" lets you control whether you want the app to delete episodes you've already heard or watched. If you want to delete podcasts manually, you can swipe left and tap "Delete" to get rid of them one by one. To delete several at once, select Edit on the top right, tap the circle next to the podcasts you want gone, and select Delete at the bottom of the screen. Subscribe on iTunes Alternatively, you can subscribe to podcasts using iTunes. Launch iTunes on your computer and make sure it's pointing to the App Store. Tap on the drop-down menu that lists the various types of content and tap on the entry for Podcasts. You can now browse available podcasts or search for specific ones by name or topic. Tap on a podcast that interests you and then tap on the Subscribe button to order up a subscription. Tap the Library link at the top of the screen to move to your iTunes library. Tap the drop-down menu that lists the various types of content and select the entry for Podcasts. Tap on the Settings icon to customize settings for each podcast. Finally, you'll want to sync your settings so you can listen to or watch any of your subscribed podcasts either on your mobile device or your computer. With iTunes open, connect your iPhone or iPad and tap on its icon. Then tap on the Apply or Sync button. Your podcasts and their settings should now be synced between the Podcasts app on your device and iTunes on your computer. For more, check out: How to Take a Free Apple Product Workshop How to Share Your iTunes Library Among Multiple Devices How to Manually Add and Organize Albums in iTunes How to Turn On Apple Two-Factor Authentication How to Use Apple Support How to Cancel Apple Music Back to top Previous : How to Sync Notifications Between Windows 10 and Your Phone How to Sync Windows 10 Settings Across Multiple PCs Next : By Lance Whitney Freelancer Surviving a long and varied career in publishing, advertising, and IT, Lance Whitney now wears a few different technology hats. By day, he's a journalist, software trainer, and sometime Web developer. By night, he's asleep. These days, he writes news stories, columns, and reviews for CNET and other technology sites and publications. He;s written two books for Wiley & Sons: Windows 8 Five Minutes at a Time in 2012, and Teach Yourself VISUALLY LinkedIn in 2014. Contact Lance via Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn. More » More Stories by Lance How to Sync Windows 10 Settings Across Multiple PCs You can use the same settings on all your Windows 10 devices or keep each one unique. More » How to Sync Notifications Between Windows 10 and Your Phone Appointments and notifications you set up in Windows 10 can also pop up on your smartphone. More » How to Hide (or Delete) Your Most Annoying Facebook Friends Want to break up with one of your Facebook friends? You can unfollow, block, or unfriend that person... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. SIGN IN facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Topics Programming Regulation Distribution Tech Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Latest Issue Subscribe Free Trial Video Series Sign Up Search Log In Topics Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Video Series Sign Up Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Search Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video Platform Distribution By Alex Silverman | May 31, 2017 | With two former Apple veterans at the helm, Rheo today launches as a new social video platform aimed at bringing users short-form videos based on their personal tastes and viewing habits. In a crowded marketplace of digital video platforms, Rheo’s selling point is that it curates videos for each user based on what they watch, skip, boost (the “like” equivalent) and share. It also takes trends and time of day into account, as well as what mood the user indicates they are in. The Rheo interface is simple and offers a continuous stream of videos without having to search or scroll. It also allows users to record short video messages to other users that precede the video they are sharing with friends. Rheo is free to users at launch, with the company saying it will later settle on a model for monetization. While the company has a few specific content licensing deals with outfits like Refinery29 and Vimeo, the bulk of the content it curates is from open sources across the web. The two former Apple employees behind Rheo are Alan Cannistraro and Charles Migos. Cannistraro spent 13 years at Apple, where he helped create many of the company’s first iOS media apps, before spending almost three years at Facebook engineering mobile apps. Migos spent a total of 10 years at Apple, where he led the design team behind Apple News and iBooks. In between his two stints at Apple, he worked as a designer for Microsoft. Rheo raised $2.3 million in seed funding led by Massachusetts-based VC fund Accomplice last August, as well as an undisclosed amount from an angel investor last October, according to Crunchbase.com. The service is available on the web for PC and mobile, as well as on iOS and Apple TV. It seems Cannistraro and Migos don’t fall far from the Apple tree. share this article previous storyIntroducing 2017’s Cable TV Pioneers next storyMeasurement News Featured Stories <   > Featured Stories Technology Netflix CEO: Cord-Cutting “No Big Calamity” Technology Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video Platform Technology Introducing 2017’s Cable TV Pioneers Technology High Flying: TiVo Shares Jump on Initial ITC… Technology CEO Wanted at TiVo Technology Fast Fiber Related Stories Technology SCTE Rolls Out New DOCSIS… Technology Netflix CEO: Cord-Cutting “No Big… Technology Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video… The Latest Technology Scripps Insight: Too Many Nets,… Technology Comings & Goings Technology Emoji Entertainment Technology Bundle in the Jungle: Evaluating… Technology Effros: Net Neutrality Numerology A… Technology Future Investing: Industry Heavyweights Contemplate… Technology Latest Video – IFC’s Jennifer… Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! Learn More or Sign In View All  <   > upcoming event TV Innovation Summit June 08, 2017 event Cablefax’s Top Ops Luncheon June 08, 2017 event FAXIES Spring Awards Breakfast June 09, 2017 View Full Calendar View All  Cable & Media Jobs   Senior Writer/Producer Viacom – TN   Senior Account Executive Ooyala – CA   Associate Vice President - Legal and Business Affairs NBA – NY Find a JobPost A JobResume Bank Free e-Letters Get industry eletters with news, tips and insights. Sign Up for the Magazine View All <   > cable flix View All <   > viewpoints Why 5G? Follow @Cablefax  <   > Twitter Cablefax @CableFAX Ever wonder what your employees & teammates are really thinking? Enter the Best Places to Work in Media to find out!... Cablefax @CableFAX We're practicing our emoji-speak for @GSN's new show "Emogenius." This one's a famous Tom Hanks movie line: 🚫😢⚾�... Cablefax @CableFAX Get a quick measurement of engagement within your organization when you enter the Best Places to Work in Media! https://... Cablefax @CableFAX Some Top 'Shakeaways' From the 2017 Social Shake-Up https://t.co/oFol2cBYH0 via our sister brand @PRNews... Cablefax @CableFAX How TV’s Most Compelling Marketing Gets Made ft. @FXNetworks via @hugeinchttp://ow.ly/FqTk30cg1mh... Cablefax @CableFAX Watch @MATTatACA and @thomasjlarsen72 on C-SPAN's Communicators or read the Cliffs Notes here: https://t.co/pjQSogTRWb... Cablefax @CableFAX Hey Alexa, how is cable taking advantage of voice-activated personal assistants? https://t.co/kpmD78BtJl #alexa #googleh... Cablefax @CableFAX The crowded digital platform space just got more crowded. Introducing @RheoTV : https://t.co/yXFWsrlmBD... Cablefax @CableFAX .@IFC prez Jen Caserta talks about @funnyordie, @BrockmireIFC and the changing TV ecosystem. https://t.co/dNI6TDAIYn... Cablefax @CableFAX Congrats to the 20 newest members of the Cable TV Pioneers, including @annecowan and @dalehopkins21 ! https://t.co/yh3LS... Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! subscribe Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss © 2017 Access Intelligence, LLC – All Rights Reserved. Advertise Advertise Print, Online & E-Letters About Cablefax About Cablefax Client Services Privacy Policy About Us / Contact Get Our Publications Get Our Publications The Magazine The Daily The Daily Mobile App The Daily Special Reports The Skinny TECH Jobs Listings Alerts Experience Cablefax Experience Cablefax Awards Events Webinars Video Series Industry Calendar Industry Organization Contacts Visit Our Sister Sites Visit Our Sister Sites Cynopsis Studio Daily Min Folio PR News
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation | Main | HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity » June 01, 2017 Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors   According to a new report today we learn that Sony has given priority to Apple, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo for CMOS image sensor (CIS) capacity. Sony is shipping CIS to the top-3 China-based smartphone vendors for their high-end devices, while Apple remains its largest client, said the sources. With Apple's iPhone 7 Plus with its dual lens camera being a smash hit, being able to secure supply for image sensors is a must for Apple and Sony delivers.   A Digitimes report notes that Sony's limited availability has prompted other smartphone companies, such as Asustek Computer and HTC, to source CIS from other suppliers including OmniVision and Samsung, the sources indicated.   Samsung is supplying CIS mainly for its own smartphones. OmniVision is focusing more on the entry-level and mid-range smartphone segment whereas Sony specializes in CIS for mid- to high-end smartphones.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 01, 2017 at 07:11 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Is Apple about to announce five new MacBooks? Is Apple about to announce five new MacBooks? by Joseph Carey 01 June 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple has registered five new Mac computers ahead of a supposed WWDC reveal on June 5, if a new report is to be believed. French website Consomac (via) has posted an apparent regulatory filing, translated from Russian, and has noted the five ‘personal computer’ models running macOS that are supposedly launching soon. The apparent new Macs, known only as A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481, are said to be new 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro models. Why would Apple be debuting new Mac hardware? Well, it's suggested that the company will be including faster Intel Kaby Lake processors in order to win back fans that were disappointed with the specifications of the new MacBook Pro, released towards the end of last year. Related: WWDC 2017 It is also being suggested that the 12-inch MacBook will see an internal refresh, with Apple potentially considering updating the now archaic MacBook Air. What’s most interesting is the model A1843, labelled as a new wireless keyboard from the Cupertino based company. While there's no details on any of these devices, it could be that this new keyboard houses a Touch ID sensor that could be used with Mac desktop computers. That's not completely unfathomable, considering the MacBook Pro now has that functionality. Finally, there are also four models detailed in this leak that appear under ‘Tablet PC brand’, which could point to the launch of new iPads at the WWDC keynote. This filing seems to be in line with recent reports stating that Apple is ramping up laptop upgrades in order to battle back against Microsoft, which recently debuted its Surface Laptop – a direct competitor to Apple’s Mac line-up. Interestingly, there's no mention of Apple’s rumoured Siri speaker in this filing. However, it seems as though WWDC is going to bring a few new hardware announcements, something that the conference hasn't delivered since 2013. The WWDC keynote is taking place on June 5 at 10am pacific time, which is 6pm UK time. During the presentation we are sure to hear all the biggest announcements and, as ever, TrustedReviews will be keeping you up to date with all the latest developments. Related: MacBook Pro 15-inch (2016) review What announcements do you want to see from WWDC this year? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Editorial The Essential Phone is an intriguing indulgence New, 80 comments by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Jun 1, 2017, 9:50am EDT share tweet Linkedin Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode It’s often said, by people outside Silicon Valley, that people inside Silicon Valley spend all their time solving niche problems that only affect them. When the architect of Android, Andy Rubin, whipped out a new phone at the Code Conference this week, he did little to discourage that belief. His Essential Phone is made out of titanium and ceramic and costs a distinctly premium $699 — its reason for existence, by Rubin’s own account, is that he grew frustrated with the phones made by others and wanted to do better. In a market as saturated as the one for smartphones in the United States, I find Rubin’s new venture indulgent, both for him personally and for the people buying the phone, which certainly has the look and materials of a premium product. The Essential Phone is no threat to Apple and Samsung’s established duopoly, and Rubin’s team recognizes that, but what’s fascinating about this phone is that, even while remaining niche, it can set the blueprint for making devices in a new way. Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode What I see when I look at the Essential Phone — as a product rather than as a pretty gadget — is the potential to establish a new manufacturing approach for smart devices. At present, economies of scale dominate the mobile industry — every Chinese company finding success in this market finds it by selling huge volumes at razor-thin margins. Apple and Samsung have carved out reputational beachheads for themselves, allowing them to charge a brand premium, but they too rely on tight vertical integration and supply chain control. Rubin’s Essential has none of that. It’s a comparatively tiny startup with less funding than Apple makes in iPhone sales every month. But these days being small is no longer a reason to give up (or, in Essential’s case, to not try at all). It seems like almost every week I’m discovering a new small-scale American company that’s finding profitability by producing a low volume of high-margin, premium goods. The classic example from the audio industry is Grado, a Brooklyn-based headphone manufacturer that’s still a family-run business, operating from the same location as it began many decades ago. But more recent examples abound, such as MrSpeakers, a company that got its start with just one man modifying Fostex headphones and selling his mods to an enthusiastic online community. If you can’t scale up like the big companies, do something unique that doesn’t scale Then there’s the (rare, but real) phenomenon of Kickstarter turning one or two good products into respectable companies, such as in the case of the Pebble smartwatch, the Oculus Rift, and the Peak Design bags and backpacks. Granted, two out of those three wound up being acquired by larger entities — and that might be the likeliest outcome for Rubin’s Essential company — but the point stands that being small is a more viable strategy with the help of the internet than it used to be. The lessons I’ve drawn from observing the US headphones industry is that the small companies that thrive do it by having some advantage that isn’t easy to scale up. A clever new way to make a self-repairing zipper with machinery? Forget about it, Chinese vendors will have it on Alibaba before you close your crowdfunding campaign. But what if your unique selling point is leather craftsmanship, or precise audio tuning, or some other skill that takes years to cultivate? Alternatively, you could opt for a sapphire crystal screen, as Vertu has done, or just use other fancy materials that nobody can afford to buy or produce in bulk. As Essential proposes to do. Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode "This isn’t rocket science, it’s technology evolution." In his Code Conference interview, Andy Rubin readily admitted to Walt Mossberg that engineering a new phone "isn’t rocket science, it’s technology evolution." He doesn’t expect to have a unique selling point based on sheer engineering genius. But his advantage is that he and his team can dedicate all their energies to perfecting a phone with a titanium frame and ceramic back, knowing very well that they’d sell only a handful of devices. Ceramic has only ever made its way into limited edition phones — like the OnePlus Ceramic X — so its use necessarily puts a cap on manufacturing volume. Essential can also dedicate more time to investigating more exotic materials and securing less conventional supply sources. MrSpeakers, for example, stumbled upon nitinol while looking for something better than steel or aluminum for its headphone frame. Beyerdynamic, another headphone company, regularly piggybacks on orders from car suppliers: audio companies only ever need tiny amounts of metal to create their products, so they look at what’s being manufactured at scale for other industries and try to adapt it to their purposes. It’s the sort of resourcefulness that’s born out of constraints. For Apple, Samsung, and even LG, crafting a ceramic phone is a pointless adventure that would cost way too much to pursue, owing to their decision-making hierarchies and processes. But for a small outfit like Rubin’s Essential, it can be a passionate project of refinement that ends up delivering a number of desirable intangibles for the consumer. The Essential differentiator, if one proves to exist, is likely to be an intangible one The buyer of an Essential Phone would know, firstly, that it’s an exclusive piece of hardware, owing to its limited production. But that production is limited because it has higher-grade materials, so that’ll be a nice feeling, too. And finally, like every other small-scale operation, whether it be an independent clothes store, bookshop, or coffee house, it just feels more natural to buy from a company that still retains some measure of human scale. Vertu makes a big deal of the fact that you can call its phone support line and speak with the actual person that assembled your phone. Essential would be wise to pursue a similar level of intimacy and approachability with its forthcoming clientele, and Rubin seems conscious of that, too, describing it as "a very pro-consumer brand." The odds are stacked against Essential. Most smartphone buyers still walk into physical stores, where Essential has no presence, or grab whatever their carrier is serving up as the latest deal, which is another unchecked Essential box. But it’s evident that the product Rubin has created isn’t designed to win in the conventional fashion. The Essential Phone’s unlikely success would be built atop a new mode of operation for a smartphone manufacturer — it won’t be transformative for the entire industry, but it could set an interesting new blueprint for the mostly profitless Android vendors. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more SpaceX sticks 11th rocket landing after launching first used Dragon capsule Five ground landings attempted and five ground landings achieved Rolls-Royce custom-built this gorgeous coupe for a mystery millionaire Redefining the dream car Wonder Woman is a welcome sign that the online outrage game can change It’s time to laugh at misogynists, not condescend to them Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 29. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 41 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Analysis Siri Speaker a serious underdog as Apple outflanked by Amazon and Google Chris O'Brien@obrien June 1, 2017 6:29 AM Above: Amazon Echo Dot Image Credit: Khari Johnson With Apple reportedly moving closer to announcing its rumored Siri Speaker, the question now is whether the tech giant can gain a foothold in a market it has been surprisingly slow to enter. Being outflanked by Amazon with its Alexa-powered Echo and Dot and Google with its Home gadget seems like a surprising misstep for a company that has defined itself by being able to skate to where the hockey puck is going ahead of the rest of the pack. Of course, Apple has a rather stellar history of come-from-behind victories. The iPod wasn’t the first MP3 player; the iPhone wasn’t the first smartphone; and the iPad wasn’t the first tablet. They were just the best. Apple took concepts imagined and pioneered by others and refined them with the right combination of hardware and software to turn them into mass market phenomenons. Still, it’s not obvious the company can do the same with the Siri Speaker. According to the latest report from Bloomberg, Apple may announce the gadget at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference. Or it may not. Though the Siri Speaker seems to be headed into production later this year in either case. Bloomberg says the Siri Speaker would allow users to operate Apple’s HomeKit smart home services and other cloud-based services. And it will allow for some third-party integrations. Oddly, the Bloomberg story quotes sources saying that Apple believes its advantage may be the quality of sound from the speakers. It’s hard to judge without seeing or hearing Apple’s offering, but I’m not sure anyone is buying Home or the Echo because they think they’re the best speakers. Instead, it’s the quality of the voice recognition and reception and the array of services that matter. Someone gave me an Amazon Dot as a gift, and I’m continually amazed by how clearly it can pick up my voice commands and from how far away. What’s really going to make the difference is the cloud integration, and this is not Apple’s strong suit. At least not yet. Siri was the first voice assistant we knew, but I would argue that Alexa is now the best. Beyond that, Apple seems to have made several wrong turns on the road to the Siri Speaker. The company built Siri into the new version of Apple TV a couple of years ago, and the new device can connect to things like HomeKit. But you have to use the Apple remote as a microphone to activate Siri. That’s a pain, compared to the Dot or Echo, which let me just say something from my couch or from across the room. In any case, the new Apple TV has failed to catch on with consumers and has been steadily losing market share since its introduction. While I’m sure many would debate me on this, it could be argued that Apple’s focus on its smartwatch was also a distraction. Don’t get me wrong; Apple Watch has done fine. In terms of the smartwatch category, it is the undisputed king. The problem is that the smartwatch market is proving to be far more limited than expected. In December, eMarketer dramatically cut its forecasts for smartwatch sales, saying that wearables in general just weren’t making inroads with mainstream consumers. The firm said that 39.5 million U.S. comsumers used a wearable device at the end of 2016, far below its 63.7 million forecast. Looking ahead, eMarketer projects wearable penetration will grow to 21.1 percent by 2020, only a modest increase from the current 15.8 percent. “Before Apple launched its Watch, fitness trackers dominated the wearables space, and consumer surveys consistently found that tracking health and fitness was the main reason people were interested in wearables,” said eMarketer analyst Cathy Boyle, in the report. “They also reported high price-sensitivity. Without a clear use case for smart watches — which have more features than fitness trackers but significant overlap with smartphone functionality — the more sophisticated, expensive devices have not caught on as quickly as expected.” By contrast, eMarketer has become extremely bullish about the virtual assistant market. In a report released last month, eMarketer said 35.6 million Americans use a voice-activated assistant device. That has nearly closed the gap with the number of smartphone users, but with one crucial difference: Virtual assistants are red hot, with the number of users up 128 percent from the previous year. And eMarketer said that, for the moment, Amazon’s Echo speaker dominates with 70.6 percent of users. Google Home is number two with 23.8 percent. That is the reality Apple faces this year: A market with two heavy hitters that own almost 95 percent market share, who are investing huge sums in artificial intelligence and cloud computing and who have more extensive infrastructure in both. Can Apple do it? I certainly wouldn’t bet against it, despite the odds. Apple’s ecosystem remains a strong force when it comes to attracting and keeping consumers. Compared to Spotify, the company was late with its Apple Music streaming service, but it has still attracted millions of users and continues to grow rapidly. For the millions who don’t have a virtual assistant but have a home full of Apple products and already use Siri, buying an Apple voice-controlled speaker would seem like a no-brainer. Of course, much may depend on specifics like price. For me, the new Apple TV is still way too costly. Given that these devices have the potential to super-charge Apple’s services businesses, I would love to see Apple price them close to cost to get users like me to buy in and drive service revenue. That would be very unlike Apple. The company likes being known as the premium, not the cheap, option. But in a market where it’s going to be the underdog, using un-Apple like tactics may be the company’s best hope for success. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Battle of the Brainless Musical Edition Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - The Kathy Griffin Redemption Tour 6-2-17 Dale & Holley   Dale Holley & Keefe's Freestyle Friday Hour 4 - What would the Tiger Woods movie be rated? Weekend Shows   Red Sox Review with Danny Picard - Price and Sale could be the best 1 - 2 punch in the American League. 6-4-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 59: Kirk’s Mailbag Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Featured Story The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Red Sox 7, Orioles 3: Why this probably wasn’t just... Red Sox 5, Orioles 2: David Price was evidently on to... Latest Columns Why is David Price making things so difficult? Orioles leave town, but thankfully their rivalry with Red Sox is here... @Final Bal Bos Latest Audio Andrew Benintendi Player of the Game Interview 06-04-17 Hanley Ramirez Player of the Game Interview Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets John Tomase Featured Story The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower needed... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Sunday 7: Tom Brady should never have been dragged into Best... Best Buddies apologizes for Globe photographer being banned... Latest Columns Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can because it’s likely his last year i... Which recent, current Patriots players will deserve to be voted into t... Latest Audio MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets John Tomase Featured Story Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually remain by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Report: Markelle Fultz will meet with Celtics Monday Celtics reportedly worked out Jonathan Isaac against Erik... Latest Columns How did Markelle Fultz lose to Yale? Let one of the Bulldogs explain a... If Gordon Hayward disastrously spurns Celtics, here are some potential... Final Bos 102 Cle 135 Latest Audio LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin John Tomase Featured Story Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's... by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins ‘moving in right direction’ of extension for... Bruins GM Don Sweeney open to trading 2017 first-round pick Latest Columns Ottawa's success doesn't validate, but rather highlights mis... Bruce Cassidy's success forced Bruins to make him full-time coach Final OT Bos 2 Ott 3 Latest Audio Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL NFL Draft MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Colorado Rockies Off to Historical Start on Road in 2017 MLB Posts Record Number of Single-Day Grand Slams Saturday NFL Video Appears to Show Rex, Rob Ryan Involved in Bar Fight... Peyton Manning Reportedly Joins Donald Trump at Golf Course NBA Draymond Green Fires Back at Reporter After Question About... LeBron James Appears Frustrated After Game 2, Calls... NHL Sidney Crosby Denies Taking Jab at P.K. Subban's Breath in... Stanley Cup 2017: Updated Odds, Schedule for Penguins vs.... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Ever-Green Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Two Outs Podcast Latest Audio  Red Sox Review with Danny Picard - Price and Sale could be... Red Sox Review with Danny Picard - Is it time for John... Giardi and Tomase discuss the upcoming NBA Draft and the... Thee Boston Media Awards of the Week -- The John Tomase... Giardi and Tomase -- A bunch of passionate callers on the... Popular Audio  K&C - Battle of the Brainless Musical Edition K&C - The Battle of the Brainless is decided 6-1-17 Latest Podcast  SoccerCast - Is The Revs Front Office Listening To The Fans? Fantasy Football Podcast: Scouting Rookies with Matt Waldman Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos LeBron James explains his embrace of injured Isaiah Thomas after Game 5 Brad Stevens says his team took a step forward but team hungry for more » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Save 20% on $25 Hibbett Sports eGift Station Events Amstel Xlight and WEEI at... Fri, 06/09/2017 6:00 PM Wise Snacks KCard Sat, 06/10/2017 5pm-7pm » More Events Contests Big Y's Ultimate Boston Baseball Experience! Your child could be an honorary bat boy or bat girl! Click here... Flonase Sensimist Giveaway Click here to enter to win a trip for 4 to Hawaii or a backyard entertainment package from Flonase... » More Contests Boston Red Sox Tom Brady NBA Boston Celtics John Farrell New England Patrio.. Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>K&C - Tanguay says Tiger is addicted, Trump using his son as prop 6-1-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share K&C - Tanguay says Tiger is addicted, Trump using his son as prop 6-1-17 Jun 1, 2017| K&C continue discussing Tiger Wood's DUI and also talk about Alex Reimer's article condemning Trump using his son as a prop. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. It's Kirk and Callahan. With Kurt Mann act and Gerry Callahan. And Sports Radio WEEI. Welcome what drug education loosely from Britain valuable wife crystal meth and UNC and because they went through exports were additional it's such a great job you can absolutely understand you know why do an hour. OxyContin or any that are you got diet pills I mean it was is that let's forget the heavy stuff like simple stuff that most people get addicted to that there's a diet pills or whatever under when I got my wisdom teeth out years ago I did you have a right title Cody went through days and that was not that was enough for me I've never craved any type of people in my life so. Thank god for that it would I happier times. And the Stanley Cup final. Having weaknesses not be as was it to take about thirty years ago and that's coatings you know fun. It was a seemingly Shepard on 9993 the southwest sports leader yet I have not too good list yes sure it is his quality rating on his serve has taken a seller Florida blissful we do too much people concerned and it might be as. If people can listen on line and we're driving people to be so Florida's I mean today. I believe they have the volleyball coach from Bonita springs but twice and twice a week yeah. A big win last week over the speech went Whitfield I was took honest arrow that 1513 game three won't believe it was an and some girls might play college. That's true that in a day at a couple of a transgender. Who. It's. Easy. And that is that hold it causes such as the voice of Jerry tang want us to the first hours talked about him but we asked him. What's going on gives knowing natural not like he's back now nothing zero today or changed your mind I mean last night I don't know Jerry I usually channels on my want your money you have to name to enjoy the first hour. Okay it was a little inspiring and I lied about did you come back. I don't know. You should do that for power he said to me we should talk what you for the first now we athletes I don't know I think it's your. You know the only stop and look at that you make me so I figured she licked my figures that are vomit personal growth he's found myself it's not deep throat my knuckles missed and so I don't. At no I'd that the motto China hands and that's true. I don't think I thought you're you're not a very good host in the first without. 7 o'clock. Okay Gibbons wanted to ask people the terrible that you say I don't know that I don't all I don't know why I got this morning ourselves well I'm not I'm not gonna handle my slowly gets you know we know he's on top of my god that we. I got to 5:5 I answered 1 am I going here in my car just drove here I don't know why I'm here I really don't so I should not think when we come back on your hearing indeed you make fun of me I felt sorry I didn't feeling like this team we think we're okay this TV thing might not work out that maybe you need to fall of actor plans that to me definitely factor. I think the TV things that he flew to hire this guy for us may be a fourth of July said Labor Day you're a bush some Daschle's gone global warnings to but you know you got some gonna pay the bills. And the bills are fine I mean it could anybody could easily would catch all flip plaza and I wait until I swear to god this is ten when she isn't expensive yet when I was high commitments I made that's when I was talking to me she's not as bad thing but. When I was talking emitting and I had no intention of coming on the show I was done I think that the other things I was too when I sent an island while you don't mind. Because I was thinking back. I was thinking back prior to the incident that we were having a great show twice been caught before he says the most like the most ever had on the radio see movies always rooted. And in central and Chris man x.'s lease for a babysitter but it's the way you're running the show yeah yeah numbers show it's possible. There's nothing the smartest thing we are talking runs the show and include. We'll talk to guys would you let's take some calls Wednesday you know moles on your side I don't know how true it targeted for. Looks like I'm side there Apple's. We'll start with Michael in Brookline and Michael. Rory mourning him say welcome back to Gary. But we've not had a single call from England once and we'd backed him he's the perpetrators of the random ideas. The techsters all of us to get walked out again I don't want this pollution. Over the breaks out by them what's up. Just protest somebody's going to be discipline in the votes that about a match. Students take care debate in duties and by the way I was I was Gary your mom services that I did not see him again I Tyson to a text. Sent three words sorry about forwards or what you mom that's it. These economics is a letter but I meant to you did that or I'm not complaining in Baltimore passed through there don't warrant while I didn't I didn't think I needed to get promoted to crack I think you know. A changer in Mitch. I shouldn't count that meet crying. It was a sad you cry cry. Sure but I let pride did you credit day the car like you left no no. Now maybe soaring rates in Omaha did you dollar range I don't know I was. When I left that day it was I was relieved. It was a new beginning claimed that Chris Curtis from doing his job apple will get to that might cause and you broke the following his job he promptly go ahead Michael. Well okay as far as he's if something goes America in early alcoholism in the depression only drugs India is a disease is that is that an addiction. And all of that. But choosing to give into it all of that is where it straight from the weakness comes. I that you might have alcoholism in the family and if you choose to get into it that to me is who went with a weakness comes at. Choosing not given to get help as. Tried it. That's where the strike comes. I mean he's an it was yours I don't know what's this I mean that's a thousand I mean it's just about anything you say about a child molester did not put them. On talk about that but the the communities he has to urge. To do that or the urge to cheat on your wife her but yes a weakness it's a cynic again and I hope we you know week people who don't give any time that we've really disagree I think it's just. But as is is cheap and is that hereditary. That's a good question that's why I think it's different weeks I think it's just it's putting on the choice they can do that makes cents. That's also count on us let's go to nick in Springfield and I love taking focus. On tablets of nick. I guess I don't. Go to America to Michael appreciate. Excellent extra wanted to touch on. The fanatic arm personally. And it kind of weakness spreading these that we yes I think comes with if breaking a cycle of golden gate here trouble choice or whatever it is and you know do an on again in the Russia you gotta Richard Daley cycle you know it is a weakness I think it it's a little more than we issued to break certain. Habits to have the strength to overcome the whole thing if that makes sense. The market to call somebody that's united week I just think that's and so on why somewhat answers axis of assaulting her feelings. Gonna cry to god. For can you have some sympathy staff has its massive city we know someone who gives in. To temptation and has the legal calling this week I just figured we Knebels Saturday it says that's why it is I think it is sickness bag but I don't think it sounds like you and that would have sympathy for some of those people I have a lot of sympathy for tiger what I that's the subject. Today by Felder and US finger painting a bigger picture broader rushing everybody battles this is week I don't and I and I don't like her I mean I know guys one of my best friends is an addict and he would use that as. Things get tough wasn't wrong when it helped that. I can't help I'm an addict and instead turn in the National League right I can't and hope I can. It it aside and you know what Garrick I think cute. He could've done with Kirk has done he could have stated I sober while I believe is different levels I just stopped drinking. And monitored anymore stopped taping with countered you view yourself but I don't know I've talked to get to vote treatment loses control actually try to miserable with a couple Beers that you didn't adequately and utter and would have incurred when you say couple in cycle for Colby. Then with the show and you don't do I'd bet that if you do that says you wreak Havoc at this point my life packet to sit down and have a beard and they'll think it would only forty early no. Really what happened lieutenant twelve. I've won ten years will have to study in the ozone she's. If I get two or three Abdullah have 220 Beers this point one no cuts and I can't do that. I could have on fourth of July or something like. Eight right. I am a Freddie sixty. Five ahead of the year and started a few good minutes I have another IE I'm afraid that I couldn't watch those not 1000. Polish policies and is well it and and yes I yes I do I worry about that and then go to the transition the harder stuff and you know I don't know pass on to some stupid no tolerance at this point though. I have to that your idea that will be his tells us. Also one beard has that same I was telling you about he would occasionally stop drink it just causes. Polyps would be so high it's going to draw I need to stop political week in any real excited whose record strategy let's go to dean in Providence they deem. A guy so I. Guess so yeah there's no way to try to get. Consciously thought about what could happen before you go I. Guess speaking from experience I'm 27 hits over. And not any kind of a thing happened late night. Actually shouldn't think oh my god can make it all I. You never thought you were doing something wrong when you go hmmm we'll. Yeah the blackout drinker and I had no knowledge. I'm what was going on what I was doing. So I disagree that it got maybe we write your case the united Tuesday night drove drunk whenever there were times right you should be doing. But it but I think tiger looks so completely I would never crossed his mind. Well this moral thing turn the cards should be doing is accused completely in the defense that you already don't make it we believe eight models he did make them our well he and then who knows how long you lose sleep. When the cops on a that means is that how I that he was he got the clock on dancing was I don't even high you get it's like wolf Wall Street drive round at the end of how we get it to him on leave his bar. In that can or in bad condition and they just let him go. Sanctions. I. It's so it. That's true those were instructions it was in the way he was wrong about that Aung what are we sure we don't usually left. Do I know knows the appointment was excited right. That could have been an incorrect inaccurate report as well like the reality of things we heard on day one. Everyone just assumed that report of him being drunk right. And Americans was right because he's been able to host the games in the past. A belligerent and advise. I've never really knew Rick and the Okie on the golf course has thrown the call girl wins sensationalize and in some form you would know we will win this tiger ever done was Lieberman but that position why I I don't know but I'd never heard I'd have you met tiger are meant to your right about now hung out of them all its -- here oh okay yeah PH he's very nice also that he reviewed wouldn't put it best as it is nice union shook his hand and ultimately the immediate security and all the way we joke is that. We never heard that type of behavior from your staff know your source of tigers they all know he's venom and he's arrogant and loop monopolies written not being put our need to sort of teams he's I think was heard. I don't know these belligerent I think Erica arrogant. Which and defiant. I pictured on these bit arrogant but I. Even that videos wade from say you know can just get this over with while usually position and he did say serve once that I heard some military upper saint respectful but at some point I was gonna went on to say enough he got can we go here. When he. He was in that context there was no way down he was the jagged guitar was comatose. Like wow here. Sweet honest you've got to. Under way. I maybe that's the take away and they came. Thought I mean I I too think he think he could have sex he'd be great centenary could have sat. Now if that moment right there if you put any news as it Guidant like the bank and if you put a minis on these drugs. It's a good point if you put it in a bed right then he'd be home Bruntlett him again so it was I don't think he'll speak at your house at that point. You can put it there's a guy that was definitely addicted to is like trying to do that can. Do to me the theories he's like this all day long. Wonder it is always Siegel press conferences and open golf courses in he must know and turn on off and well in the ghost whose kid's soccer game. So this is well you know this because. Listen addiction it's it's either driven by a pain during side correct. I think so yeah you have to medicate yourself to deal with the situation. I think that it's a combination of both I think this guy realizes there's like socks and he's medicating themselves self dedicating themselves to get through the day. Why are these just a guy who is it who has an addictive personality clearly there's stuff he's one of these guys who just needs you by the sex addiction thing and he's probably addicted to sex life. Who isn't coming out I might add to her back so much work it was awesome he had sex with mrs. I thought. You have to I birthday recently graduated happy 55. Have to 53 screw you if IE and my eye and we may have had it a month ago but in my have been dreaming and actually mean to him didn't have. I'm not sure viewers prove again and didn't have a birthday. The home. Why why would you mind if you take it. Italy and rolled around and Vegas that Bryant he's gonna say Brian what's going wrong. Well there there there are article. That's why I don't know why do you think that what do you say that. Now I know how great it does it does a bright guy does that I was sick of the same thing in some form when you went the other day guys here this. Or album right. Oh auto bigger and there are. Geez. Where it's so I I'm more instruments oh and yeah I didn't Turkey and him alone won't know. I'm glad I don't I mean at that attack but Tiger Woods seems to be to be a guy who's the press mentions he would not be surprised at all the ads for months I hope it does between now he's not a project at Roland and Iran's screwed up as you maybe heard and maybe that's. What's that word that's represented there is trouble Lola and is one thing we can safely say but tiger. This ninth position he likes that are in this ex pats actually is news as witnessed someone I don't wanna read this was his proclivities because he's a sick man man who likes. He's he's kept a disease it's intellectually certainly feels. And on any was surprising thing on when he's rest he was on pavement because the often likes dirt road is a oh that is a good answer Batman and I was right agreement Felger in that. When you say outside of weakness you know like make excuses you give them out how much are noisy we're talking with your folks got tied up I was looking at is every. What type everybody usually everybody has a weakness it's some I don't see tiger whacking him so. Now I don't think so what he whacks himself let us know he's realizes this as sons to Graham model for an Clinton. She uses for the go or so with both tiger I think I think that's that's fine tiger on his own ball would you agree would you be surprised at all if tiger's actually. A drug addict and was addictive it's not now not mean to pick up fuel before it actually talked about it much force and more reason Rush Limbaugh was doing fifty. As a perk sensitive we do this every box he's not oxy oxy code bill yes colleague. OxyContin. I'm Melissa did did you Cox he comes stronger oxy code own these perks and yet my mom's taken for. Can you just double check we asked this drug habit again took a fifteen day. Did he show spoke publicly of the show pre I was today alone. And function completely I'm always amazed at people like tiger or Tiger Woods you know obviously screwed up but what was it last week feel oppressed aren't you open course. In a couple altered its right at a thirty minute press conference and was tiger and it was kind of fun team go live in the interview to the masters with the champions dinner right on his right state. Do you think that he actually take in managed to get to that level. I don't. Be divorced and Archie Arnett as I loved campaign refuses would you drink right you have to. We knew drink sometimes you have to drink too much just to get back to normal we're just out rocking to some extent. Maybe not I eat because he's like he's he's you know he's a guy was that is as a regiment of perfectly. To me I mean look at two nights ago. That's where he may have screwed up for whatever reason but I think it's the first time he's out blacked out. Behind the wheel yes couldn't even drive overalls maybe now possibly Richard hull only because I think that he has said it keeps up just to feel normal and you haven't done and I've done those spot after surgeries and you know and dental surgery in these slang and watch TV like herpes it was probably taken minutes before it did a press conference at the weird. I've from him it's like he's this massive complex by himself it's art he's on the rugs all the time whacked out that this weird like you know. Joan Crawford existence and Rush Limbaugh was fifty OxyContin pills Purdue. Every time. Russia I'm not sure I believe that's in let's unlock it for our radio show by himself on for three straight three hours I himself. And he who writes a newsletter army vessels blocked. Okay I'm with you I don't believe I mean I know that's that's that that's the story I don't lead at fifty mile cousins and hours and hours of bad guy that's true you can't know causes constipation. Well a lot of positive influence on me you Tiger Woods you know he's could be the new spokesman Pasquale party. They know each fruit can't figure out who they might need I don't wanna talk about that that there were polls mean what. The one thought of her. Do when that. They can and don't put their feet up was not repulsive somebody else. She's makes me sick liked where they harm the Hulk I was on the war. Lead with other Hillary Clinton berries and could be you know. Elle MacPherson might be kind of what your what I I am trying to pay bail is why I'm here squatting potty bailed out Arlen Kathy Griffin both foresee and ended. And I was I just thought it was some lacks the reverse them and you heard the swears he told us yet and Alan I have. Princeton prof talk from an ounce of self image to be spokesperson for I don't want apartment you I was vibrator. While. I do you accept that sixth. Well it tells Lindsay hey cal. Okay yeah you know. You know like I. Want. To and I missed so much welcomed every. I assume is perfect putt seats on someone's neck you very much for. Our. May sit stroke golf and Oakland no doubt that you have to recheck what RW EI. Records. I can appreciate these two guys have sucked the first start to carry them an incredible first our guys have been terrible and sixty you don't say this is what drives you crazy I can raises him. This is one of the things it truly pisses me off about the east. They never had a bad show that's true never dead on true. It's K it's never that Curtis I'm not talking union candidates out there was cited it's it's never them which is there. Whip. When something goes Walt Walt Jerry's its navigation very ever admitted. That he's had a bad show. When staffer posts the soldiers a year on this never I never it otherwise our guys of course are shown that shows up we see I don't have tunnel that goes fault it's that many days does follow its everybody is it I know that either I that you never listened to the shore I don't that he CUNY you'll be in commercials. Opt I coming here for a phone like an hour it's already my fault trees I might fall it's not your fault the show's fine that you are kind of argent he's a better and half hours we can you guys are reasons some decent topic you don't step right up and you are you an addict. No I call I mean you're you're you are a bit of food I think he's on there's no question or depression in men with a sell by eat. There's no question that is gaining side because I do think like tiger I've said before you would not be surprised dolphins shocked him. You have depression issues. He'd lot's happened beauty no honor everybody's your that guide a project to project in my death that's true. You we were sitting area that was going to be long about it and I just see that's an inevitability they just out of the blue tang was and live for. Worry about only look at all that and I deadly toll was ninety mama 84 when he talked and you think you got the longtime Obama is a world class and alzheimer's so I am just stating it was an adult who policy. Update. That's what you think you try this and I 7937. You magic act eager to Jerry's take a victory lap he produced yesterday I disagree jewel writes. We played Al Franken sound we get back edge in this Jerry likes but they good. Ministry and popped and the right decision could bust nine Jones including minister. I don't think you like that more yes slots yes ugly argument would do that story more. Headlines with Gary and next week returns Kirk. Sports Radio WEEI. I'm doing what we're doing bud. Afraid to do anything. Not afraid it. Should go back some Roemer to that's Alec young man reached. And you heard Al streamer on the show Jerry I have you like summer I do. That could be attempted well a lot. Okay and your boss in the cast the coach. I traded a great job or should know. You know I do amoeba even cherry stated he should try surprised at Chicago vibrant as the holder of the back Aston. I was in a dead set against making her cry is that is Kirkland there since I'm not sixth. I'm not I would have a sabres for the war that we had a guy I shall and obviously you could tell she was crime. Could not on the record and are you that you couldn't tell issues about the crossbow and and you went in for the kill let's Sweden or what frank kill the whole we like it I'm Sasha needing to escort relief. She could laugh she wanted reckoning incision if you don't like should Orleans she's tougher than just politics going on there. Past that's why you know she I I get him she is definitely much talking at all anymore on cast she has more patient sees she will hang it. Right she didn't I genre and I leave the room to what you stand alone jarred it sucks completely that was certainly senator right. Sox not completely new security major charities who works music you know I mean you know but we actually yeah actually yeah actually so we reviews and I loved your piece of some opportunities fund and out. Reports out he actually points right on Jerry Jim yes you wrote to basically parity what I said during the show. Which is at the idea that you know Rhode president trump using drugs prop is ridiculous although he went further and said there was one. His followers truck supporters want Hillary Clinton killed is what he wrote yesterday yes at this Jesus outskirts of its opened its over the top which is why we like Alex and it only makes these ridiculous comparisons like when actually stupid. Sarah Palin targeted certain congressional districts right it's a solid violent imagery you to target nothing congressional district. Gabby Giffords gets shot that's unfortunate had nothing to do Sarah Palin. The compared that to holding up the bloodied severed and the president is also fake outrage nobody was actually outraged by Kathy Griffin doing extra including you. Nobody wants you just want to be outraged about things he was import race if you do something a Twitter for Dayton you outraged by it. It's OK I just had a parade can even if you're not offended by this than LC and independently and were you offended by I'm not offended by anything. But if you have an offense offense meter yes and it went into the the read from right yes but here's is a time magazine as it was a fun. This is from time magazine which doesn't really exist anymore that people right on line and obviously. The average standards are pretty low and this writer Jenna Ellis talked about them. Kathy Griffin says. I've seen all manner of social media outrage in the past 24 hours and the three main contentions. That this hate speech it's criminal. Or it's treasonous there's a lot of people say somebody's somebody's show me guess where someone says that was. Criminal. Or treason like our team fugitive grew a tortoise or somebody sensational people with eight follower site result saying OK some Mac I want you don't know so I'm not some critics and concerns by some conservative web site as a conservative thinks it's criminal who its conservative. Would like to arrest to treat direct trees better treason. And Irish life's response to present would be criminal but Wright Ayers but you know like we we all know she's the right to say it would be we understand let's move on with the challenge so stupid that's a cop out we knew of no ideas when your board of ideas is say. And has a right to say it's a First Amendment right. Mean nobody nobody wants her arrested and jailed that's. The ultimate straw dog now extinct because we strumming a new New Hampshire state rat. Said the Clinton should be shot for treason Alex thinks that this makes that that's comparable to Kathy Griffin communication who cares if blizzard isn't. It's all the same stuff I was outraged either and it's a solid at least. If you had to sit and look. We laugh on a lot of things people left a lot of bad things people laugh at things are gonna occur I can't leave them laughing occurs it's deceit she did and it's it's not funny. You know to just not funny it is she isn't she is not funny I agree she but the point is she is he was she was with Brooke Shields on the show and general. With that but here's specimen he's seeking Susan here's something interesting. And take away from this is that she thought. In her mind in a bubble. That this is acceptable as I said you'd adultery is private right by Al Franken her nine friends Joy Behar Al Franken. That's who she has in mind that's her audience a child doesn't consider it. But Jerry and consider the broader audience police sent it to a marine is the post right now she sent the picture teams. She spent the option pitch issues just I am this is gonna go national and I'm gonna be viewed as a G Ryan Block and I can see people. I can see her thinking right that's like an unbelievable and have been big creating my Valdez. I'm recent our recent that was the idea mocked heartedly that stop that without them. You know me I stick with it I really doubt you know once I've been uncommitted yes I take it to the wall Jordan look over to farce of puzzle piece like when you're chopping up garlic. Like what the killers. When I was walking your dog doggie. Dare witch project this team I can see I could see her. Sitting in her studio whatever and thinking this would be a good idea I think a lot of people go through that process and and once it goes out you know. Talk about insult us. Having you just it was bruised you're good and bad hair different that was just spur of the moment I was react its sound intellectual is that it was a as the clock cleaned it out she sent to the DMZ they had someone to take the fake hand and put blood on his eye on but yeah that's good when she almost somebody's figured it was a good idea at the time almost I can't think that we should there be for the Charlotte hey let's get in trouble let's call earnings of pitch that's nuts like we'd like I read that idiots that's not how Warren Johnson and Moore finally. More on yesterday. So between music how many people had no probably Gerry Callahan talking politics for years. Are now it should be mad out she writes about losses or Jerry. Shirk so people would Maddon talked about don't know about emotional at all at all I mean almost like. This person who we work with thinks. You could come on and it's espouse conservative. Frank opinions principals. No problem but a liberal goes on and old all hell breaks loose. I mean that's someone that likes. Like Kathy Griffin did not think you can stick to handing out the football predictions that it gives the sheets of and I might these we have to get this connect with a story at 6177797937. What the couple I want someone tell me how this is a good thing that this year would character I think Kerry tegra might be an average cannot tell me how this is a good thing and I was Sussex in middle of the transistor this freshman from this Connecticut freshman high school freshman look at him with a penis is. Dominating. Went up and girls track yes she's a hundred meter 200 meter champ when we come back and just kind of what I want you to celebrate that for us if you record well let me. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + John Tomase06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals [..] - John Tomase06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually [..] If you need a reminder of exactly how far away the Celtics are from winning a title, [..] + John Tomase05/31/17 01:24 pm EST How did Markelle Fultz lose to [..] - John Tomase05/31/17 01:24 pm EST How did Markelle Fultz lose to Yale? Let one of the Bulldogs explain ahead of [..] The knock on Markelle Fultz -- that he only won nine games in college -- has been [..] + Ty Anderson05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders [..] - Ty Anderson05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's getting better [..] It was the most patient and respectful game of tug-of-war you’ll ever see. Played [..] + Ryan Hannable05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a [..] - Ryan Hannable05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower [..] FOXBORO — On Tuesday night, Dont’a Hightower hosted an event to promote [..] + John Tomase05/30/17 01:42 pm EST If Gordon Hayward disastrously [..] - John Tomase05/30/17 01:42 pm EST If Gordon Hayward disastrously spurns Celtics, here are some potential Plan [..] You know what they say about the best-laid plans: sometimes they're ruined by an extra [..] + Rob Bradford05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile [..] - Rob Bradford05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson At 12:45 p.m., just more than three hours before he was to make his first Fenway Park [..] + Full Count06/04/17 07:52 pm EST Red Sox 7, Orioles 3: Why this [..] - Full Count06/04/17 07:52 pm EST Red Sox 7, Orioles 3: Why this probably wasn’t just another game for Andrew Bentintendi, no matter what he says Andrew Benintendi is already wise in the world of what to say when breaking out [..] + Green Street06/04/17 06:48 pm EST Report: Markelle Fultz will meet [..] - Green Street06/04/17 06:48 pm EST Report: Markelle Fultz will meet with Celtics Monday It looks increasingly inevitable that the Celtics will select guard Markelle [..] + It Is What It Is06/04/17 06:00 am EST Sunday 7: Tom Brady should never [..] - It Is What It Is06/04/17 06:00 am EST Sunday 7: Tom Brady should never have been dragged into Best Buddies-Boston Globe mix-up 1. All Tom Brady wanted to do was raise money for children with special needs, [..] + Full Count06/03/17 10:40 pm EST Red Sox 5, Orioles 2: David Price [..] - Full Count06/03/17 10:40 pm EST Red Sox 5, Orioles 2: David Price was evidently on to something when proclaiming he was back Even with fairly positive results in his first start of the season, there was [..] + Full Count06/03/17 07:50 pm EST Dustin Pedroia sure thinks he will [..] - Full Count06/03/17 07:50 pm EST Dustin Pedroia sure thinks he will be in Red Sox lineup Friday When Dustin Pedroia collided with Chicago's Jose Abreu, spraining his left [..] + Big Bad Blog06/03/17 04:03 pm EST Bruins ‘moving in right [..] - Big Bad Blog06/03/17 04:03 pm EST Bruins ‘moving in right direction’ of extension for David Pastrnak A new contract for winger David Pastrnak, a pending restricted free agent this [..] + Red Sox05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile [..] - Red Sox05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson At 12:45 p.m., just more than three hours before he was to make his first Fenway Park start, [..] + Red Sox 05/25/17 03:10 am EST Why is David Price making things [..] - Red Sox 05/25/17 03:10 am EST Why is David Price making things so difficult? David Price didn't do his job Wednesday night. It had absolutely nothing to do with the [..] + Patriots05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a [..] - Patriots05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower needed the Patriots FOXBORO — On Tuesday night, Dont’a Hightower hosted an event to promote diabetes [..] + Patriots 05/25/17 11:14 pm EST Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can [..] - Patriots 05/25/17 11:14 pm EST Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can because it’s likely his last year in New England FOXBORO — After Malcolm Butler stayed with the Patriots following a difficult offseason [..] + Bruins05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders [..] - Bruins05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's getting better by the day It was the most patient and respectful game of tug-of-war you’ll ever see. Played by [..] + Celtics06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals [..] - Celtics06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually remain If you need a reminder of exactly how far away the Celtics are from winning a title, turn on [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests If Boston hits a Grand Slam Home Run on the 99th pitch thrown to a Boston batter, you could win big! Sign up today for Cumberland Farm's 99k Grand Slam Giveaway! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Enter to Win a $500 Debit Gift Card With ElderCheck Now® for Apple Watch® and iPhone® in „My Story” Contest TRUMBULL, Conn., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ElderCheck Now, which is available for FREE for Apple Watch and iPhone on the Apple App Store® helps to put caregivers at ease by allowing them to check-in with a loved one and receive important information with it’s simple, two button interface. Developer FallCall Solutions, LLC announced today the launch of their „My Story” contest, which allows anyone an opportunity to enter to win a $500 debit gift card by downloading their FREE app and sharing their story. „We want to give back to our growing community,” stated Shea Gregg MD, Connecticut Physician and President of FallCall Solutions.  „Users continue to download our app daily and we are beyond excited to share their stories, but also provide a ‚Thank You’.” ElderCheck Now provides assurance to family and caregivers as today’s seniors are becoming more and more active. By pressing either „I’m OK” or „Call Me” on ElderCheck Now’s simple interface, the app will collect the most recent heart rate and GPS location and transmit the information back to a caregiver using Apple Healthkit™ technology through their Apple Watch. To enter, an elder and a caregiver simply have to download ElderCheck Now for free onto their mobile devices from the Apple App Store, pair and use the app with each other, and then submit both a written story and photo of their experience via email (mystory@fallcall.com) or online (www.elderchecknow.com). *Entries must be received between June 1, 2017 until the company’s 2-year anniversary date: July 15, 2017 and will be judged based on uniqueness, creativity of use and impact on the entrant.  „Being a caregiver can be one of the most challenging roles a person can take on,” says Dr. Kristin Gregg, co-founder. „Technology can help through the added peace of mind of an electronic relationship with their loved one.  For active elders, having the ability to contact family following the press of a single button can be important and potentially life saving.  As physicians who care for this population daily, we can’t wait to hear the stories that people will tell after using this unique platform.” Distinguished judges include: FallCall Solutions, LLC, a physician-founded company, develops telemonitoring software for the Apple ecosystem that simplifies communications between elders, caregivers and care providers. In addition to ElderCheck Now, their upcoming app is FallCall Now: „smart” fall detection for Apple Watch and iPhone. *Full contest rules online at: www.elderchecknow.com. „Apple Inc.” is in no way sponsoring, endorsing, or participating in this contest.  Apple, Apple Watch and iPhone and are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Healthkit is a trademark of Apple, Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. FallCall Solutions, LLC www.fallcall.com www.elderchecknow.com Media Contact:  Eric Pontbriand FallCall Solutions, LLC 162394@email4pr.com  860.309.7682 SOURCE FallCall Solutions, LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsSenior Citizens Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Consumables Market forecasted to register a 5.5% CAGR, 2016-2026 Next PostNext U. S. Steel Names Barry Melnkovic As Vice President And Chief Human Resources Officer Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Enter to Win a $500 Debit Gift Card With ElderCheck Now® for Apple Watch® and iPhone® in „My Story” Contest TRUMBULL, Conn., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ElderCheck Now, which is available for FREE for Apple Watch and iPhone on the Apple App Store® helps to put caregivers at ease by allowing them to check-in with a loved one and receive important information with it’s simple, two button interface. Developer FallCall Solutions, LLC announced today the launch of their „My Story” contest, which allows anyone an opportunity to enter to win a $500 debit gift card by downloading their FREE app and sharing their story. „We want to give back to our growing community,” stated Shea Gregg MD, Connecticut Physician and President of FallCall Solutions.  „Users continue to download our app daily and we are beyond excited to share their stories, but also provide a ‚Thank You’.” ElderCheck Now provides assurance to family and caregivers as today’s seniors are becoming more and more active. By pressing either „I’m OK” or „Call Me” on ElderCheck Now’s simple interface, the app will collect the most recent heart rate and GPS location and transmit the information back to a caregiver using Apple Healthkit™ technology through their Apple Watch. To enter, an elder and a caregiver simply have to download ElderCheck Now for free onto their mobile devices from the Apple App Store, pair and use the app with each other, and then submit both a written story and photo of their experience via email (mystory@fallcall.com) or online (www.elderchecknow.com). *Entries must be received between June 1, 2017 until the company’s 2-year anniversary date: July 15, 2017 and will be judged based on uniqueness, creativity of use and impact on the entrant.  „Being a caregiver can be one of the most challenging roles a person can take on,” says Dr. Kristin Gregg, co-founder. „Technology can help through the added peace of mind of an electronic relationship with their loved one.  For active elders, having the ability to contact family following the press of a single button can be important and potentially life saving.  As physicians who care for this population daily, we can’t wait to hear the stories that people will tell after using this unique platform.” Distinguished judges include: FallCall Solutions, LLC, a physician-founded company, develops telemonitoring software for the Apple ecosystem that simplifies communications between elders, caregivers and care providers. In addition to ElderCheck Now, their upcoming app is FallCall Now: „smart” fall detection for Apple Watch and iPhone. *Full contest rules online at: www.elderchecknow.com. „Apple Inc.” is in no way sponsoring, endorsing, or participating in this contest.  Apple, Apple Watch and iPhone and are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Healthkit is a trademark of Apple, Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. FallCall Solutions, LLC www.fallcall.com www.elderchecknow.com Media Contact:  Eric Pontbriand FallCall Solutions, LLC 162394@email4pr.com  860.309.7682 SOURCE FallCall Solutions, LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsSenior Citizens Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Consumables Market forecasted to register a 5.5% CAGR, 2016-2026 Next PostNext U. S. Steel Names Barry Melnkovic As Vice President And Chief Human Resources Officer Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Enter to Win a $500 Debit Gift Card With ElderCheck Now® for Apple Watch® and iPhone® in „My Story” Contest TRUMBULL, Conn., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ElderCheck Now, which is available for FREE for Apple Watch and iPhone on the Apple App Store® helps to put caregivers at ease by allowing them to check-in with a loved one and receive important information with it’s simple, two button interface. Developer FallCall Solutions, LLC announced today the launch of their „My Story” contest, which allows anyone an opportunity to enter to win a $500 debit gift card by downloading their FREE app and sharing their story. „We want to give back to our growing community,” stated Shea Gregg MD, Connecticut Physician and President of FallCall Solutions.  „Users continue to download our app daily and we are beyond excited to share their stories, but also provide a ‚Thank You’.” ElderCheck Now provides assurance to family and caregivers as today’s seniors are becoming more and more active. By pressing either „I’m OK” or „Call Me” on ElderCheck Now’s simple interface, the app will collect the most recent heart rate and GPS location and transmit the information back to a caregiver using Apple Healthkit™ technology through their Apple Watch. To enter, an elder and a caregiver simply have to download ElderCheck Now for free onto their mobile devices from the Apple App Store, pair and use the app with each other, and then submit both a written story and photo of their experience via email (mystory@fallcall.com) or online (www.elderchecknow.com). *Entries must be received between June 1, 2017 until the company’s 2-year anniversary date: July 15, 2017 and will be judged based on uniqueness, creativity of use and impact on the entrant.  „Being a caregiver can be one of the most challenging roles a person can take on,” says Dr. Kristin Gregg, co-founder. „Technology can help through the added peace of mind of an electronic relationship with their loved one.  For active elders, having the ability to contact family following the press of a single button can be important and potentially life saving.  As physicians who care for this population daily, we can’t wait to hear the stories that people will tell after using this unique platform.” Distinguished judges include: FallCall Solutions, LLC, a physician-founded company, develops telemonitoring software for the Apple ecosystem that simplifies communications between elders, caregivers and care providers. In addition to ElderCheck Now, their upcoming app is FallCall Now: „smart” fall detection for Apple Watch and iPhone. *Full contest rules online at: www.elderchecknow.com. „Apple Inc.” is in no way sponsoring, endorsing, or participating in this contest.  Apple, Apple Watch and iPhone and are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Healthkit is a trademark of Apple, Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. FallCall Solutions, LLC www.fallcall.com www.elderchecknow.com Media Contact:  Eric Pontbriand FallCall Solutions, LLC 162394@email4pr.com  860.309.7682 SOURCE FallCall Solutions, LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsSenior Citizens Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Consumables Market forecasted to register a 5.5% CAGR, 2016-2026 Next PostNext U. S. Steel Names Barry Melnkovic As Vice President And Chief Human Resources Officer Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Enter to Win a $500 Debit Gift Card With ElderCheck Now® for Apple Watch® and iPhone® in „My Story” Contest TRUMBULL, Conn., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ElderCheck Now, which is available for FREE for Apple Watch and iPhone on the Apple App Store® helps to put caregivers at ease by allowing them to check-in with a loved one and receive important information with it’s simple, two button interface. Developer FallCall Solutions, LLC announced today the launch of their „My Story” contest, which allows anyone an opportunity to enter to win a $500 debit gift card by downloading their FREE app and sharing their story. „We want to give back to our growing community,” stated Shea Gregg MD, Connecticut Physician and President of FallCall Solutions.  „Users continue to download our app daily and we are beyond excited to share their stories, but also provide a ‚Thank You’.” ElderCheck Now provides assurance to family and caregivers as today’s seniors are becoming more and more active. By pressing either „I’m OK” or „Call Me” on ElderCheck Now’s simple interface, the app will collect the most recent heart rate and GPS location and transmit the information back to a caregiver using Apple Healthkit™ technology through their Apple Watch. To enter, an elder and a caregiver simply have to download ElderCheck Now for free onto their mobile devices from the Apple App Store, pair and use the app with each other, and then submit both a written story and photo of their experience via email (mystory@fallcall.com) or online (www.elderchecknow.com). *Entries must be received between June 1, 2017 until the company’s 2-year anniversary date: July 15, 2017 and will be judged based on uniqueness, creativity of use and impact on the entrant.  „Being a caregiver can be one of the most challenging roles a person can take on,” says Dr. Kristin Gregg, co-founder. „Technology can help through the added peace of mind of an electronic relationship with their loved one.  For active elders, having the ability to contact family following the press of a single button can be important and potentially life saving.  As physicians who care for this population daily, we can’t wait to hear the stories that people will tell after using this unique platform.” Distinguished judges include: FallCall Solutions, LLC, a physician-founded company, develops telemonitoring software for the Apple ecosystem that simplifies communications between elders, caregivers and care providers. In addition to ElderCheck Now, their upcoming app is FallCall Now: „smart” fall detection for Apple Watch and iPhone. *Full contest rules online at: www.elderchecknow.com. „Apple Inc.” is in no way sponsoring, endorsing, or participating in this contest.  Apple, Apple Watch and iPhone and are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Healthkit is a trademark of Apple, Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. FallCall Solutions, LLC www.fallcall.com www.elderchecknow.com Media Contact:  Eric Pontbriand FallCall Solutions, LLC 162394@email4pr.com  860.309.7682 SOURCE FallCall Solutions, LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsSenior Citizens Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Consumables Market forecasted to register a 5.5% CAGR, 2016-2026 Next PostNext U. S. Steel Names Barry Melnkovic As Vice President And Chief Human Resources Officer Search Recent Posts RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Oil Mist Separator Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn Source : Last Updated: Thu, Jun 01, 2017 18:40 hrs Cupertino (California), June 1 (IANS) The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. --IANS anuj/na/bg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple: $70 Billion Paid to App Developers to Date Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Shutterstock June 1, 2017 | 06:24AM PT Apple, ahead of its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, announced that it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since 2008. That indicates that Apple has raked in some $30 billion in revenue over that time period, given that it typically takes a 30% cut of App Store transactions. According to the tech giant, in the past 12 months alone downloads have increased over 70%. Apple cited recent App Store hits like Pokémon Go and Super Mario Run as fueling its growth, as well as other “standout launches” such as CancerAid, Space by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly. Related Apple Poised to Take on Streaming Biz as Services Segment Flourishes Apple also said the App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year, citing services such as Netflix, Hulu, food network Tastemade, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight. According to the company, it generated $2.7 billion in subscription fees for 2016, up 74% versus a year earlier. Under the terms of subscriptions purchased through the App Store, after 12 months, the fee that Apple charges drops to 15%. The App Store now offers subscriptions through more than 20,000 apps after subscriptions became available across all 25 app categories in the fall of 2016. Apple’s booming App Store biz highlights the increasing importance of services revenue to the company. While services accounted for 13% of total revenue over the last 12 months, it has become Apple’s fastest-growing segment. For the first quarter of calendar year 2017, its content business represented nearly $8 billion in revenue, roughly as much as 21st Century Fox and more than NBCUniversal (excluding theme parks). Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior VP of worldwide marketing, called the $70 billion figure “simply mind-blowing.” “We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference,” he said in a statement. The two top-grossing App Store categories are gaming and entertainment, Apple said. Lifestyle and health and fitness apps have experienced over 70% growth in the past year, while the photo and video category has grown nearly 90% over that time frame. Filed Under: App Store Apple Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… 'The Leftovers' Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple: App Store developers earned over $70 billion in revenue since debut Anthony Bouchard on June 1, 2017 1 Apple announced Thursday morning that developers all over the world for its platform have generated over $70 billion in total revenue, a new record since the launch of the App Store almost nine years ago in 2008. The number 70 appears to be Apple’s lucky number this year, as app downloads have also soared 70% in the last 12 months, illustrating interest in numerous new app titles that took the App Store by storm. This time frame has seen some of the most popular app releases yet, including that of Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run, both of which were runaway hits upon their release. With gaming and entertainment app categories being top-grossing categories in the App Store, these releases undoubtedly played a big part. Among other apps that are performing well are health & fitness apps; citing Apple, the category has seen a 70% growth in the past year alone. The figure is unsurprising, as Apple has been putting tons of emphasis on health & fitness with its Apple Watch wearable accessory. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Even Apple CEO Tim Cook took to Twitter to commend the company’s developer base for their hard work and achievement: Of course, purchasing and downloading apps isn’t the only way developers can make their money; an app subscription model is also available to developers who want to earn perpetuity through app usage via in-app purchases, and Apple reports overall subscription revenue is up 58% year over year. With WWDC 2017 around the corner and slated to begin on Monday of next week, Apple will certainly be unveiling tons of new software and features with its fan-base, including what we should expect from iOS 11, among other things. Tagged: App Store App Store Apps Apple Apple News Apps Developer iOS iOS 10 iPad iPhone iPod Touch News Software MORE FROM iDB How to disable in-app ratings and review requests on iPhone and iPad A closer look at iOS 10.3’s streamlined App Store ratings and reviews capabilities Store and watch the latest news stories offline with Hyper News Jamessmooth That’s so amazing. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Apps Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 billion The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store`s launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. ﻿ IANS| Last Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 - 18:57 Comment 0 Comment Cupertino: The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store`s launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can`t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers` Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple`s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform.  Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent.  Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year.  The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store`s active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year.  "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement.  "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller.  TAGS App StoreAppleWorldwide Developers` Conferenceamazing appsTHIX India After Indian Army kills 5 Pakistani soldiers, Islamabad summons Indian Deputy High Commissioner over ceasefire violation From Zee News Celebrities and their Instagram diaries IPL 2017, Final - Mumbai Indians VS Rising Pune Supergiant Largest Cruise Ships Ever Built Environment 'World Environment Day' right time to nurture a b... AmericasWorld Cyprus talks to resume this month: UN chief Delhi North India continues to reel under heat wave AmericasWorld Outrage as Donald Trump targets London mayor Sadiq Khan aft... Space India's heaviest rocket 'GSLV MkIII-D1' carr... Jammu and Kashmir CRPF foils suicide attack in Jammu and Kashmir's Bandi... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending World London terror attacks: Police make 12 arrests; PM May says 'enough is enough', vow... India Army denies Pakistan's claim of killing Indian soldiers, targeting Indian posts EuropeWorld Donald Trump slams London Mayor Sadiq Khan, uses attack to promote Muslim travel ban India Govt takes serious note of phone tapping of prominent Muslims during UPA rule Jammu and Kashmir NIA raids again in Kashmir over terror funding, recovers Pak currency notes from separatists... Kerala More Leftist violence, more the Lotus will bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah Tamil Nadu BJP-RSS want to thrust one idea; Oppn will defeat them: Rahul Uttar Pradesh Saharanpur violence: 2 held; Internet services restored Punjab Punjab, Haryana reel under blistering heat, Bhatinda sizzles at 48 deg C Andhra PradeshIndia Countdown for launch of GSLV MARK III begins today photo gallery Most Famous Man-Made Arches video Bihar: Humanities topper Ganesh Kumar arrested, result suspended Many people die in terror attack in London Who is responsible for terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir? DNA: Analysing the dreadful condition of Syrian war in Damascus and Palmyra CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Fireman killed, four others injured in factory fire Ajax welcome back striker Huntelaar Business Standard Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn IANS  |  Cupertino (California)  June 1, 2017 Last Updated at 18:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWOsnx ALSO READ Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs like Make in India, Digital India and Skill India: Ferguson India raises market stabilisation bond issuance limit, RBI says India gas demand growth stymied by slow infrastructure development India factory activity expands at a slightly faster pace in February Top leaders discuss India at 11th Hero Enterprise Mindmine Summit The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokemon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. --IANS anuj/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokemon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. --IANS anuj/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokemon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. --IANS anuj/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Story From Motley Fool: Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as wild rumors swirl Does Warren Buffett see something in Apple that others don't? Post to Facebook Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as wild rumors swirl Does Warren Buffett see something in Apple that others don't?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2srGFKG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Story from Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as wild rumors swirl Rex Moore, for The Motley Fool 9:04 a.m. ET June 1, 2017 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway just doubled its stake in Apple. Is Apple working on the next big project? (Photo: The Motley Fool) 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Warren Buffett made a huge bet on Apple this year…and it is paying off BIG time. Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway announced that’s it’s more than doubled its stake in Apple (worth over $19 billion!) Buffett, who has been famously skeptical of tech companies over the years explained why he is betting so big on Apple: "Apple strikes me as having quite a sticky product and an enormously useful product to people that use it, not that I do…." But it’s not Apple’s old products that has some of the smartest tech investors I know salivating… See… it appears Apple is up to something again, but this time it’s so radically different from its previous “iDevices" that you’ll be… stunned. You’ll wonder if it could really work. You’ll wonder if management has lost its mind. But remember… that’s what many people thought after Steve Jobs introduced the iPod and iPhone! Big profits come from making bold choices. What exactly is Apple doing? Well, residents of Sunnydale are reporting strange noises roaring out of a mysterious Apple facility late at night. And Apple leased an enormous, 5,000-acre, abandoned military base to serve as testing grounds according to TechInsider. We know that it must be something BIG because the company's R&D budget skyrocketed to more than 50 times as much money as Apple spent to develop the original iPhone! <!--iframe--> Here’s what we know... Apple just made a $10 billion play to get in early. Cisco believes it will be a $19 trillion market before 2025. General Electric sees an opportunity bigger than the entire economy of China! I saw Amazon received a patent for a piece of it just a few days ago. Can Apple really pull this moonshot off? With a track record like Apple has, I wouldn't be surprised. Simply click here to decide for yourself. I’ve laid out everything I’ve uncovered about this project in a FREE report. The time to take advantage of this information is before it makes it to the front page of every newspaper. Simply click here to grab your FREE copy today. Rex Moore has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content. 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2srGFKG Motley Fool 4 times in 15 years: Rare stock alert released May 30, 2017 More Stories from Motley Fool 87% of Americans are ignoring this warning Sponsor story Mark Cuban makes bold prediction about new industry Sponsor story 2 Jaw-dropping stocks for future millionaires Sponsor story The top 3 stocks of the last decade? He picked them all Sponsor story
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Apple’s Siri-controlled smart speaker could be revealed at WWDC next week But you'll probably have to wait until late 2017 to get your hands on it. Valentina Palladino - Jun 1, 2017 1:18 pm UTC Enlarge / $159/£159 Apple AirPods. reader comments 34 Share this story Ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next week, a report from Bloomberg suggest the company could announce a long-rumored, Siri-controlled smart speaker. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg that the device could be revealed as early as WWDC, but likely would not ship until later this year. Further ReadingGoogle Home review: A step forward for hotwords, a step backward in capability Details about the speaker are slim, but the report states the Siri-controlled smart speaker will have "virtual surround sound technology" and integration with Apple's existing product lineup. This would be Apple's first device to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home, both of which are vessels for each company's virtual assistant. Sources say Apple has been developing the speaker to be louder than its competition and to produce crisper sound overall. The device may also include "sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use." In addition to keeping up with Amazon and Google, a Siri-controlled speaker would also likely serve as a smart home hub for Apple HomeKit products. Currently only Apple TVs and iPads can fully control HomeKit lights, door locks, and other devices, so a home-based speaker would be a logical addition to a household already equipped with HomeKit products. The Bloomberg report also suggests a smart speaker from Apple could encourage loyal Apple Music subscribers to stick with the service. In the wake of slowing iPhone sales, services like Apple Music, which costs users $10 per month, have become more important to Apple. Neither Amazon Echo or Google Home officially support Apple Music, so this speaker would be the only at-home smart speaker that Apple Music subscribers could use to access their streamable music. Further ReadingAmazon Echo Show: Alexa-powered touchscreen speaker launches June 28 The design and price of Apple's speaker will be telling. Amazon has evolved the Echo family over time to include the original cylindrical speaker, shorter disk-like speakers, and most recently the touchscreen-equipped Echo Show that can make voice and video calls. Sources told Bloomberg that Apple's device won't have a display, so it may look more akin to the original Echo or Google Home. At $129, Google's device undercut Amazon's speaker on price when it first debuted, but there's no word on how much Apple's smart speaker could cost at launch. Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 34 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Dates for Investors to Circle in June It's going to be a busy month, if you know where to look. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Jun 1, 2017 at 9:06AM June is here, and it's going to be a scorcher. We're not talking about the weather here, though it's probably quite a bit warm wherever you're hanging your hat these days. The market never sleeps, and there are several companies that will be generating headlines in the coming weeks. Let's go over some of the days that investors will want to make sure to pay attention to this month. Image source: Apple. June 5 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a hot stock, hitting new all-time highs in May. The consumer tech giant will get to earn those gains -- and possibly move even higher -- when it heads into next week's WWDC powwow for developers. The five-day event is positioned for developers, but it's also a good time for Apple to unveil some of the things that it will be rolling out. We may not hear or see much about the highly anticipated iPhone 8, but there are rumblings that we may learn about Apple's entry into the digital assistant speaker. Apple's entry is rumored to stand out by offering surround sound, a feature that may woo audiophiles. Investors aren't going to get a lot of answers outside of perhaps the iRadio launch, but you know that they will be tuning in next week. June 13 Diehard gamers will converge on Los Angeles in two weeks for E3, the annual expo where hardware and software companies show off their latest wares. The three-day conference will be full of hype, playable demos, and product announcements, and some of the heavy hitters won't even wait that long. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is hosting its press briefing on June 11, where it's expected to show off the upgraded Xbox One powered by its Project Scorpio motherboard which is likely to hit the market in time for this year's holiday shopping season. Microsoft will also likely detail how its Xbox platform can be more deeply integrated into Windows 10. Sony (NYSE:SNE) is hosting its press briefing on June 12, and it's teaming up with 85 movie theaters around the country to stream its event live. June 16 June is a big month at the local multiplex, as movie studios push out potential blockbusters that they hope will woo substantial summertime audiences. Some of the aspiring heavy hitters include Wonder Woman, which debuts on June 2, and The Mummy reboot a week later. Other popular theatrical franchises, including Despicable Me and Transformers, get sequels later this month. Let's narrow our focus to Disney's (NYSE:DIS) Cars 3. The third installment in Pixar's popular Cars franchise premieres on June 16. There's a lot riding on the movie. It's been six and 11 years since the first two theatrical releases, but Cars 2 raked in 21% less in domestic ticket sales than the original. It didn't help that Cars 2 was largely panned by critics, scoring the lowest Rotten Tomatoes score of all-time for a Pixar film. The franchise needs a strong showing, especially since Disneyland's California Adventure opened an entire attraction devoted to the franchise a year after Cars 2 hit an oil slick.   Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple, Microsoft, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time with more than 20,000 bylines over those 22 years. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he splits his time living in Miami, Florida and Celebration, Florida. Follow @market Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 9:06AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Sony NYSE:SNE $37.75 up $1.24 (3.40%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $107.18 down $-1.03 (-0.95%) Read More 3 Stocks That Feel Like Microsoft in 1986 The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Dates for Investors to Circle in June @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $MSFT, $SNE, $DIS
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land New launch Google Attribution hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Inside Program Two social media heavyweights show us Amazon Influencers Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Report: Apple’s Siri-powered virtual assistant could be announced next week The smart speaker will need to be more than just a 'me-too' device to succeed. Greg Sterling on June 1, 2017 at 8:26 am More Apple might announce its long-rumored Siri-powered smart speaker during the company’s annual developer conference next week, according to a Bloomberg report. If true, the Apple speaker will compete with similar devices from Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Andy Rubin’s company Essential and others. According to the report: The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. The move is largely defensive, given the head start Amazon (especially) and Google have with their devices. According to third-party data compiled by Mary Meeker and Kleiner Perkins, Amazon is approaching an installed base of 12 million Alexa devices in the US. Source: Kleiner Perkins, data compiled from third party sources (incl. CIRP) Each of these virtual assistants is part of a larger ecosystem play. The platform to which consumers pledge their loyalty has implications for their future hardware and content purchases. As Bloomberg points out, “[T]he Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music.” Bloomberg also reports that Apple employees have been testing the new devices in their homes since late last year. The Apple speaker apparently does not include a touchscreen. Amazon recently introduced the Echo Show, featuring a substantial screen. In the battle for developers’ hearts and minds, this will be another point of distribution for Apple. Last year Apple opened up Siri and Maps to third-party developers. The same back-end integrations could be used here to create voice apps or skills (whichever term you prefer) for the Siri speaker. Differentiation is apparently to come from better sound quality and Apple HomeKit integration. That may not be enough. There are many Apple fans and loyalists poised to buy such a device — price will be a factor for the mass audience — but it will need to be not just a “me-too” product or it will lose out to Amazon’s aggressive pricing (for Echo dot) or Google Home’s broader search-enabled capabilities. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories The future (and present) of programmatic TV Streaming social: What marketers can learn from Netflix’s social strategy 9 ways to sell on social media 6 Inbound Marketing Techniques Every Business Should Use Related Topics AppleApple: iOSApple: SiriChannel: CMO ZoneGadgets Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Dan Price June 1, 2017 01-06-2017 5 minutes Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The days of using a portable CD player connected to a tape cassette in your car’s audio system are long gone. Today’s smartphones can sync with your in-car entertainment system, letting you browse apps, receive calls, play music, and a whole lot more. Some car manufacturers offer their own proprietary systems, but the two leading products are Android Auto What Is Android Auto And How Can You Get It? What Is Android Auto And How Can You Get It? Android Auto generated a lot of buzz at CES this year, but what exactly is it and how can you get your hands on it? Let's examine it. Read More and Apple CarPlay. But which is the best product? Which has the most features? Which is the most useful to drivers? In this piece, I’m going to compare the two systems. By the end, you’ll have a clear understanding of the pros and cons of the two competing systems. Availability Apple CarPlay first became available in March 2014. Android Auto followed almost exactly a year later. At first, both systems had a select number of “launch partners,” but as time has passed, they’ve become available in more and more new cars. In fact, lots of cars now offer both systems. It’s a great development if you’re heavily tied into either the Android or iOS ecosystem. You won’t have to choose your car based on which operating system you use. However, if you have both devices (e.g. an Android phone and an iPad), you’ve got a decision to make. You’ll find Android Auto and CarPlay in select 2016/17 models from Audi, Cadillac, Chevrolet, Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Jeep, Kia, Lexus, Mazda, Mercedes, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Renault, SEAT, Subaru, Suzuki, Volkswagen, Volvo, and more. Interface The two systems take very different approaches to their user interface. Android Auto largely ditches the mobile operating system, though some aspects of the design remain. Along the bottom of the screen, you’ll see a horizontal navigation bar. Unlike the mobile OS, which only includes three buttons on the bar, Android Auto has five tabs. By default, the tabs take you to the navigation screen, the phone, the home screen, audio output, and manufacturer apps. If you’re running a third-party app, the app can overtake some of the tabs for in-app navigation. When you’re not using apps, the screen itself is card-based. The home screen works with Google Now to give you a live feed of possible routes, traffic updates, and weather updates. It’ll even monitor your email box to see if you need directions to a meeting or the airport. Double-tapping the audio button lists all the compatible audio apps in card form. In contrast, CarPlay is derived from iOS. Anyone who has spent any time using Apple’s mobile operating system will be instantly familiar with how it appears. It’s essentially an enlarged version of the iOS home screen, complete with square app icons and home button. CarPlay is functional and navigating apps while driving is smooth. But it’s not as pleasing to the eye as the Android system, nor does it have the helpful live updates provided by Android Auto. Navigation Before looking at how the two systems compare, it’s worth noting that neither Android Auto nor CarPlay come close to replicating a dedicated GPS device such as Garmin’s range of products. Neither displays your speed in-app, and neither shows you the location of speed cameras or police checkpoints. Unsurprisingly, Android Auto relies on Google Maps for its navigation service. As such, it keeps you updated with live traffic reports and will let you know if a better route appears while you’re on the road. In contrast, Apple’s system uses Apple Maps. The problems Apple Maps has faced Is Apple Maps a Reliable Navigator Yet? Is Apple Maps a Reliable Navigator Yet? After replacing Google's navigation, Apple Maps endured a rocky start, heaps of criticism and some very funny jokes – but has all been forgiven? Read More are well documented, and although things have improved, it’s still way behind its rival. You’re also locked into Apple Maps. There’s no easy way to make CarPlay use Google Maps, even if the app is installed on your phone. Finally, some users have claimed CarPlay is not as reliable at locating heavy traffic and rerouting you as Google Maps is. Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System with Spoken Turn-By-Turn Directions,5 inch display, Lifetime Map Updates, Direct Access, and Speed Limit Displays Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System with Spoken Turn-By-Turn Directions,5 inch display, Lifetime Map Updates, Direct Access, and Speed Limit Displays Foursquare - Search millions of additional new and popular restaurants, shops and more with Foursquare Buy Now At Amazon $90.94 Voice Control Once again, it should come as no surprise to learn that both Google and Apple have put their proprietary voice assistants at the center of their systems. The two companies (correctly) believe that talking to your system when you want to play a song, change the radio channel, or make a call is a lot safer than looking away from the road to tap the car audio system’s display. Android Auto relies on the “OK Google” keyword Why Every Android User Needs to Be Using "OK Google" Why Every Android User Needs to Be Using "OK Google" The "OK Google" command is extremely useful, but lots of Android users aren't even taking advantage of it. Here's to make the best of it! Read More . You can use it to control the entire system, including Google Maps navigation and third-party audio apps like Spotify. Apple has deployed Siri, and like OK Google, you can use it to navigate the system. Both systems also allow you to dictate messages using your voice, but CarPlay only supports Apple’s default SMS app. Android Auto works with WhatsApp, Skype, Telegram, Hangouts, and more. Old Cars Clearly, most people aren’t going to shell out several thousand dollars on a new car just to get Android Auto and CarPlay. What options are available to people with old cars? You could buy a third-party radio that supports the two systems, but in December 2016, Android Auto made the app available to everyone Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto is Google's special app for using your phone in the car, and it's now available on every phone. Here's what you can do with it, and how to set it up. Read More . In practice, it means you can download the app, place your phone in a dashboard mount, connect the phone to your stereo using Bluetooth, and use the app in the same way as if it was casting to your in-car system. The app will start automatically when it detects your car’s Bluetooth connection, and the screen instantly changes to replicate the in-car version of the system. Only the most important features of your phone (such as directions, music, and messaging) will be available. At the time of writing, CarPlay does not have a comparable feature. Audio Because developers have to recode their apps to work with the two systems, the list of compatible apps has been slow to grow. Nonetheless, a couple of years after their launch, both now boast a healthy list of common audio apps. Android Auto arguably has slight the upper hand: it supports Spotify, Google Play Music, Deezer, TuneIn Radio, Slacker Radio, BeyondPod, Audiobooks.com, Player FM, Amazon Music, and Audible. CarPlay offers Spotify and Apple Music, Stitcher, Overcast, iHeartRadio, Pandora, and a few more. Do You Use Android Auto or CarPlay? As the two systems start to mature, it’s becoming apparent they both offer a window into the future of driving How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? Read More . The two companies are both working on self-driving cars How Self-Driving Cars Will Change Transportation Forever How Self-Driving Cars Will Change Transportation Forever As we move into 2015, the question is no longer whether self-driving cars will replace manually driven cars, but how quickly they'll take over. Read More , so it might not be long until Android Auto and CarPlay underpin almost everything we do inside the car. But at the moment, you’ll have to settle for their two main functions: navigation and playing music. Have you used Android Auto or CarPlay? Which features have you found to be the most useful? Or are these unnecessary gimmicks that detract from the driving experience? You can leave all your feedback and thoughts in the comments section below. Previous PostHow to Search for Text in Any Mobile BrowserNext Post10 Simple Spotify Tips You Really Need to Know 4 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Cal June 2, 2017 at 11:42 am I have used Android Auto on my phone for several years. Now I'm fortunate to have it you integrated into my new Ford C-MAX Energi and am thrilled at how it works with both the cars steering wheel voice command paddle or "ok Google" prompt. Ok Google, "play smooth jazz" or "call home" or "navigate to the closed Dunkin Donuts" or "text my wife that I'll be home in 30 minutes"! That all work flawlessly using normal speech and phrases. Android Auto is the only one that supports hands free texting. Reply mary June 2, 2017 at 2:30 am My husband uses Car play almost daily for his job. His work phone is an iPhone. I have an Android and use Android auto and I find the navigation (the voice itself as well) to be much better. I also like all the updates listed. My husband is used to carplay so I think it doesn't bother him. Reply Bob June 1, 2017 at 6:32 pm In summary, do you have an iphone (use carplay) or an android phone (use android auto) Reply JC Ripley June 1, 2017 at 3:12 pm Android Auto wins simply for the accuracy of the voice assistance and Google Maps. Apple Carplay feels like a beta version and locking out Google maps is a big mistake. I chose my phone partly based on Android Auto over Carplay. Reply Dan Price 419 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Android How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset | Main | Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors » June 01, 2017 Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation   While Apple's AirPods are the new rage, Apple customers are also able to choose alternative headsets like the BeatsX styled headphones. BeatsX offers "optimized noise isolation." Today's invention covers an integrated MEMS microphone and vibration sensor die that can be used to eliminate unwanted sounds and improve vocal sound detection. It would seem that future BeatsX and other headphones may be able to go from "noise isolation" to pure noise elimination/cancellation with this latest advancement in Apple's headphone technology.   Patent Background   Contemporary electronics and portable electronic devices commonly include one or more microphones, and as more features are being introduced, more than one microphone may be included for complex audio processing. One such microphone is the electret condenser microphone (ECM) that includes a capacitive sensing plate and a field effect transistor (FET) amplifier. The FET amplifier can be in an integrated circuit (IC) die located within the microphone package enclosure. The IC die may additionally include an analog to digital converter (ADC) for digital microphone applications.   More recently, micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) microphones have been introduced. Similar to an ECM, a MEMS microphone may feature capacitive sensing with a fixed diaphragm. In addition to an amplifier and ADC, a MEMS IC die may include a charge pump to bias to diaphragm.   ECM and MEMS microphone packages include a sound inlet, or hole, adjacent the capacitive sensing plate or membrane for operation, e.g., to allow the passage of sound waves that are external for the package. A particle filter may be provided in order to mitigate the impact of particles on operation. Sound waves entering through the sound inlet exert a pressure on the capacitive sensing plate or membrane, and an electrical signal representing the change a capacitance is generated.   Recently MEMS microphones have been adapted for use in mobile electronic devices such as smartphones, music players and mobile computers. In portable devices, however, the interference from unwanted environmental sounds (e.g., noise) becomes more problematic for audio sensing. Many of the technologies developed for eliminating or cancelling unwanted sounds use conventional microphones that detect sound through air. Such systems, however, may face challenges when it comes to distinguishing between desirable sounds falling within frequency ranges typical of unwanted sounds (e.g., low frequency ranges).   Integrated MEMS Microphone and Vibration Sensor   Apple's invention generally relates to a micro-electro-mechanical systems MEMS microphone and MEMS vibration sensor that are integrated as one, at the die or in some cases, the package, level.   Representatively, in one embodiment, the MEMS vibration sensor may be used to detect low frequency sounds using mechanical vibrations of the skin near the vocal cord of a user (e.g., the neck). The MEMS microphone may be designed to use air pressure changes in the air to detect vocal sounds that are outside of (e.g., higher), or overlapping with, the frequency range detectable by the vibration sensor. In this aspect, when vocal sound detection is desired yet a level of unwanted environmental sound is high (e.g., the user is in a subway, airport, traffic or at a rock concert), the MEMS vibration sensor instead of (or in addition to) the MEMS microphone may be used to detect the vocal sound using mechanical vibrations. The device therefore provides the advantage of being able to detect vocal sounds through vibration and/or air, and can be used to eliminate and/or minimize unwanted sounds in loud environments and improve vocal sound detection quality.   Apple's patent FIGS. 19-20 are schematic illustrations of the application of the remote controller used by a user in a normal (headphone control) mode and a vibration detection mode. Representatively, FIG. 19 shows the remote controller #1700 in the normal mode and FIG. 20 shows the remote controller 1700 in a vibration mode.   In particular, in FIG. 19, in the normal mode #1900, a user is shown with the headphones #1902 (e.g., earbuds) positioned in each ear and remote controller #1700 hanging from headphones #1902 by cord #1712. This is considered a "normal mode" in that the remote controller is being used to control the headphone operations, or for normal microphone operations (e.g., to pick up vocal sounds through the air).   In contrast, FIG. 20 shows the vibration mode #2000, in which the user is touching the contact side of the remote controller to the neck skin near the user's vocal cords. Due to the wide contact area caused by the skin on the users neck, the contact sensor within the remote controller senses this as a vibration sensing contact and signals to the MEMS microphone and MEMS vibration sensor within the remote controller to pick-up the mechanical vibrations using the vibration sensor.   Apple's patent application 20170156002 was filed back in January 2016. For more details about this invention, click here. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 01, 2017 at 06:28 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Accessories | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
1-800-517-4570sdfsfd 1-800-517-4570 Home Press Releases Sign In Menu  Welcome  Pricing  Register  Testimonials  Search  Agency List  Podcast  RSS Feeds  Privacy  Contact  prMac Blog Sidebar Press Releases Contact Sidebar Network Speed Tester apps for all Apple devices June 1, 2017 in Networks and FTP (E) [prMac.com] Bern, Switzerland - Lakehorn AG is pleased to announce the release of the full suite of Network Speed Tester apps for all Apple devices. Network Speed Tester lets users measure and visualize network and WiFi performance between any Apple device on the same network. Advertised and actual networks speed can vary quite a lot - this is why we've created the Network Speed Tester suite of apps, to dig deeper, and find weak spots or bottleneck in any network. In larger houses, WiFi-repeaters are used to improve the range of the WiFi signal, but sometimes the actual performance gets worse because of bad placement or configurations. This can all be detected by Network Speed Tester. We use client-server technology to measure speed, i.e. various amounts of random data is sent between devices, to get accurate real-world results. The results are then displayed in a graph in realtime, so that any change is visible immediately. E.g. The user can walk around to house and find the best spots for video streaming. Or he moves or even just tilts the WiFi router to see changes in speed. Network Speed Tester requires any two devices to operate. One device will act as the server using the server app (on iOS or tvOS) or the combined app on macOS. From the second device, the client app will connect to the server via bonjour and visualize the results. Main features summary * Accurate performance measuring of WiFi or wired networks using client-server technology * Get actual realworld network throughput * Graphical visualisation * Find test servers automatically via Bonjour services * Export data to tab text format (macOS only) * Share results Language Support: Network Speed Tester is currently localised for english and german language. Device Requirements: * Compatible with Macintosh, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Apple TV 4 * Requires macOS 10.10 , iOS 9.0 , tvOS 9.0 * Universal application Pricing and Availability: Network Speed Tester for Mac is a $3.99 download available worldwide through the Mac App Store in the Utility category. The client app for iOS/tvOS is a free download worldwide. The server app for iOS/tvOS is a $1.99 download also available worldwide. Network Speed Tester Purchase and Download (MAS) Purchase and Download (iOS/tvOS) Download free iOS/tvOS Client Screenshot Image (Overview) Lakehorn AG is a software development company based in Bern, Switzerland. The company provides apps for all iOS platforms and the Mac, mainly focusing on apps for the aviation community - recently expanding on other areas as well. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2017 Lakehorn AG. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Mac OS X and Macintosh are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. ### Oliver Dreer Co-Founder and partner +41-77 439 46 72 Switzerland Twitter: View Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "I'm super happy that I was able to have a press release and had it distributed to over 500 sites. I searched my game on twitter, where I found a ton of tweets about my game! The writing service was very nice, Marc has responded quickly with revisions of what I wanted. Thanks!" Genki Mine - Summit Island OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14613 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 866 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks Epic Little War Game goes, er, epic! Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner h… Yarr! Full Fat releases Blocky Pirate… Ace Force: Joint Combat - Next-Gen 3D… Rocket Miner - Endless gold rush is a… Element Cell Game Limited releases Cl… Mighty Zip launches for iOS - Zipper … The Cheetah - next top tier multiplay… INR Assist App Aids Blood Thinner Pat… The Francesco Totti retires continuin… Print/PPP/Keywords Print this page | PDF | TXT | Read other releases by this member. Networks | Testing | Network Speed | Server | Visualization | WiFi Performance | Configurations | macOS Site Map Welcome Privacy Testimonials Contact Pricing Agency List Podcast RSS Feeds Search Twitter Facebook LinkedIn DIY Media Distribution | Publish Once. Broadcast the World. | © 2007-2017 GeekSuit, LLC × Alert OK × Alert Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "We use prMac to distribute all our product launch announcements - and our response rates have never been higher! I don't know what we did before prMac came along!" Chris Knight - Acutus Trading Ltd. OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14613 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 866 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks Epic Little War Game goes, er, epic! Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner h… Yarr! Full Fat releases Blocky Pirate… Ace Force: Joint Combat - Next-Gen 3D… Rocket Miner - Endless gold rush is a… Element Cell Game Limited releases Cl… Mighty Zip launches for iOS - Zipper … The Cheetah - next top tier multiplay… INR Assist App Aids Blood Thinner Pat… The Francesco Totti retires continuin…
News    Need For Speed Payback announced, out this NovemberGet Star Wars Battlefront Ultimate Edition free with a new 12 month PS+ subscriptionThe paid Nintendo Switch Online service will now launch in 2018, price revealedNintendo will hold ARMS and Splatoon 2 tournaments at E3Middle-earth: Shadow of War has been delayed to OctoberApple just announced that developer earnings from the App Store have crossed $70 BillionVIEW ALL Reviews    Tokyo 42 ReviewSamurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada ReviewVictor Vran: Overkill Edition ReviewImpact Winter ReviewCall of Duty: Black Ops III Zombie Chronicles ReviewGuilty Gear Xrd Rev 2 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Everything I want to see in Forza 7How LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 could be better than the first10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsFamily feud: a look at the Mishima bloodline  LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headVIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headThe Nintendo Switch is the definitive home for ThumperPreview: Here’s a glimpse of what Far Cry 5 will offerShadow of War will incorporate the Nemesis System on a whole new levelChildren of Zodiarcs is a tactical RPG with a big differenceVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon   SECTIONS News    Need For Speed Payback announced, out this NovemberGet Star Wars Battlefront Ultimate Edition free with a new 12 month PS+ subscriptionThe paid Nintendo Switch Online service will now launch in 2018, price revealedNintendo will hold ARMS and Splatoon 2 tournaments at E3Middle-earth: Shadow of War has been delayed to OctoberApple just announced that developer earnings from the App Store have crossed $70 BillionVIEW ALL Reviews    Tokyo 42 ReviewSamurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada ReviewVictor Vran: Overkill Edition ReviewImpact Winter ReviewCall of Duty: Black Ops III Zombie Chronicles ReviewGuilty Gear Xrd Rev 2 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Everything I want to see in Forza 7How LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 could be better than the first10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsFamily feud: a look at the Mishima bloodline  LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headVIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headThe Nintendo Switch is the definitive home for ThumperPreview: Here’s a glimpse of what Far Cry 5 will offerShadow of War will incorporate the Nemesis System on a whole new levelChildren of Zodiarcs is a tactical RPG with a big differenceVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon     REGISTER @   LOGIN INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact INFO INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact Newsletter SUBSCRIBE   previous Thunderobot's Vulcan F701 desktop tower now available in Europe    random   next Middle-earth: Shadow of War has been delayed to October  Apple just announced that developer earnings from the App Store have crossed $70 Billion Cha ching by Mikhail Madnani on June 1, 2017   Apple just announced that its developer community has earned more than 70 billion dollars worldwide. The App Store has grown faster than almost any other store front ever and it doesn’t seem to be slowing down. Today Apple announces another milestone. The developer community across the world has earned more than 70 billion dollars since the App Store launched nearly a decade ago. Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, had the following to say: “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers. Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple is set to unveil iOS 11 and the latest version of macOS at the Worldwide Developer Conference on Monday. There might even be some hardware announcements on the Mac front. scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:80px; height:62px;" allowTransparency="true"> News App StoreappledevelopersiOSios 10ios 11Mac App Storemacbook promacoswwdc Mikhail MadnaniPart time writer part time JRPG and indie game enthusiast, Mikhail Madnani spends far too much time listening to video game music on Vinyl like a true hipster from India. MORE LIKE THIS     Mobile Monday – OMG-Zombies!, Bubblanche, Cubixx, Cosmic Bump  Sonic’s First Mobile Only Outing Available Now – Are You Ready to Jump?  Mobile Monday – Happy Squirrels, E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event), Jelly Cannon Reloaded, Dead Stop  Mobile Monday – Super Hexagon, Toki Tori, McPixel, Mikey Shorts  Mobile Monday – Commando Jack, Rocket Race, Dominoes, Dishonored: Rat Assassin  Square Enix Unleash Drakerider For iOS Devices  Newly Added Everything I want to see in Forza 7   How LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 could be better than the first  10 tips to get the most out of Portal Knights  Need For Speed Payback announced, out this November  Get Star Wars Battlefront Ultimate Edition free with a new 12 month PS+ subscription  Latest Reviews Tokyo 42 Review 7.0   Samurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada Review  Victor Vran: Overkill Edition Review  Impact Winter Review  Call of Duty: Black Ops III Zombie Chronicles Review  Random Video Latest PODCAST iheartvideogames #002 – Adrian Bauer Full Story   Everything I want to see in Forza 7 by Gary Baileyon June 4, 2017 Pole position How LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 could be better than the first by Gary Baileyon June 4, 2017 Excelsior! 10 tips to get the most out of Portal Knights by Nicola Ardronon June 4, 2017 Brick by brick Need For Speed Payback announced, out this November by Mikhail Madnanion June 2, 2017 Explosive action and Blockbuster Gameplay Get Star Wars Battlefront Ultimate Edition free with a new 12 month PS+ subscription by Mikhail Madnanion June 2, 2017 Non members only The paid Nintendo Switch Online service will now launch in 2018, price revealed by Mikhail Madnanion June 2, 2017 Pay Nintendo will hold ARMS and Splatoon 2 tournaments at E3 by David Hunteron June 1, 2017 Splatter takes all Middle-earth: Shadow of War has been delayed to October by Mikhail Madnanion June 1, 2017 Highest Quality Experience Apple just announced that developer earnings from the App Store have crossed $70 Billion by Mikhail Madnanion June 1, 2017 Future 1234567 1234567 Reviews Latest Reviews PC PS4 Wii U Xbox One Community Facebook Podcast RSS Twitter YouTube Video Shows Blindfold Gaming Debatable Family Gamer For Your Amusement NewsRound Reasons to be Cheerful Score Attack The Retrocast All content copyright GodisaGeek.com Fonts by Google Fonts. GJ WP!
Search for: About DCK Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Design Machine Learning Hyper-convergence Supercomputers Edge Computing Power and Cooling Hardware Storage Networks Open Source Manage Security DevOps DCIM Uptime Business Deals Investing Startups Regulation Colocation Cloud Energy How to… Data Center World More Companies DCIM InfoCenter Humor Industry Perspectives Regions The Data Center Podcast The Apple Data Center FAQ The Facebook Data Center FAQ Google Data Center FAQ Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles LinkedIn’s Data Center Standard Aims to Do What OCP Hasn’t Facebook Building Own Fiber Network to Link Data Centers GE Bets on LinkedIn’s Data Center Standard for Predix at the Edge NVIDIA CEO: AI Workloads Will “Flood” Data Centers DCK Investor Edge: CyrusOne -- Catch Me If You Can Previous Article Morgan Stanley's 16,000 Human Brokers Get Algorithmic Makeover Next Article The Right Questions to Ask About Data Center Strategy Open19 server chassis (Photo: Open19) Design, Edge Computing, Featured, Hardware, Internet of Things, LinkedIn, Open Source GE Bets on LinkedIn’s Data Center Standard for Predix at the Edge by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on May 31, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet LinkedIn is spearheading a new open source standard for the way servers are designed and deployed in data centers, and it has a big partner to help grow an ecosystem around the standard. GE Digital, General Electric’s software unit, is planning to adopt it for deploying edge data center solutions for users of Predix, its industrial Internet of Things platform. Whether it’s collecting and analyzing sensor data from a chemical manufacturing plant, from an off-shore oil rig, or from a jet engine, near-real time feedback based on the analysis means there has to be some computing muscle close to where the data is generated. Even with the fastest networks, the amount of time it would take for data to travel from a factory or an aircraft to a central data center hundreds or thousands of miles away and back would be simply too big. “We have 1 to 2 millisecond latency [limit] to figure out if a turbine’s going to start malfunctioning,” Darren Haas, GE Digital’s senior VP for cloud and data, said in an interview with Data Center Knowledge. Haas joined GE last year after six years as head of cloud engineering at Apple, where he ended up after Apple acquired Siri, Inc. He was part of the original team of engineers that built the technology that powers the world’s most famous virtual assistant. GE’s solution to the latency problem is to ship a “Predix box,” which will combine all the hardware and software needed for processing the data on-site, to whatever location a client needs that computing muscle in, Haas said. “We’re going to get Predix completely loaded on it and just drop-ship them everywhere. The locations we’re looking at are all across the world.” GE has a lot riding on Predix, the crown jewel of a software unit it expects to grow from $6 billion last year to $15 billion in 2020. Industrial IoT is viewed as core to the next chapter in the American titan’s history. Predix is a global cloud platform designed for developers to build and deploy industrial IoT applications. GE uses Amazon Web Services and may use Microsoft Azure in the future to host the core Predix platform, which will communicate with edge nodes at customer sites, Haas said. He expects LinkedIn’s hardware standard, called Open19, to make the process of deploying those edge nodes easier, because the hardware will be the same, regardless of where it’s being installed. Predix is designed to enable developers to build software that can move between different “form factors, environments, and regions, but we still wrestle with different standards and systems by node, region, and vendor,” Haas said in a statement. The standard will “allow us to deliver racks quickly, reduce deployment costs, and have a wider inventory, making sourcing easier than custom solutions, regardless of environment.” In other words, if numerous hardware makers around the world adopt the standard – and several of them have already put that process in motion – GE will not be limited to the sales and manufacturing cycles of one or two suppliers and their ability to deliver globally. The Ecosystem is Everything Open19 describes a cage that can be installed in a standard 19-inches-wide data center rack and filled with standard “brick” servers of various default widths and heights (half-width, full-width, single-rack unit height, double height). It also includes two power-shelf options, a single network switch for every two cages, and cable-less power and network connectors on the servers that plug into a shared backplane. A data center technician can quickly screw the cage into a rack and slide the bricks in, without the need to connect cables for every box. Hardware based on the standard isn’t yet production-ready, Yuval Bachar, LinkedIn’s principal engineer for global infrastructure architecture and strategy and Open19’s key advocate, said. Earlier this month, LinkedIn, together with GE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and a number of other hardware and software makers, launched a non-profit foundation to oversee further development of the standard and, importantly, build an ecosystem of vendors and end users around it. If that ecosystem doesn’t gain a certain critical mass, Open19 will remain little more than LinkedIn’s custom hardware spec. In other words, not a standard. But there’s a lot of excitement about the effort among vendors, with Flex, the electronics manufacturing giant formerly known as Flextronics, using it as a platform to enter the data center market as a vendor that sells hardware directly to end users rather than simply manufacturing it on behalf of other sellers. HPE is planning to make its line of hardware products for hyper-scale data centers called Cloudline compliant with Open19, Kara Long, an HPE senior director who oversees hyper-scale product management, said. Both Flex and the Chinese hardware maker Inspur had prototype Open19 gear on display at the foundation’s launch event held at Flex offices in Santa Clara, California. Vendors involved in the launch also included Supermicro, Wiwynn, hyve, QCT, Broadcom, Marvell, Cavium, Schneider Electric, and Vapor IO, among others. OCP-Like Prices at Lower Purchase Volumes After conversations with vendors about Open19 hardware for Predix, Haas expects to buy it at a price that’s competitive with hardware designed to specifications of the Open Compute Project, an established open source hardware design community spearheaded by Facebook. But vendors selling OCP gear (many of them are now also involved in Open19) are mainly interested in selling large volumes to hyper-scale buyers, such as Facebook and Microsoft, at steep discounts that come with large-volume orders. Unlike most OCP-compliant products, designed for custom OCP racks and electrical distribution, LinkedIn developed Open19 so that it can be deployed in any standard data center, making it more feasible for vendors to manufacture and sell the gear in smaller volumes. And Haas expects to get OCP-like prices with “very minimal purchase size.” GE needs to start rolling out the edge infrastructure for Predix fairly quickly, he said. Read more: LinkedIn’s Data Center Standard Aims to Do What OCP Hasn’t Zero-Touch Edge Nodes with AI Capabilities The plan is to make Predix boxes as hands-off for customers as possible. “We don’t want any of the people that we drop these boxes on to have to do anything, so it has to be zero-touch, full automation,” Haas said. Many of the edge nodes will have to provide high enough performance to handle Machine Learning workloads, he said. Several people involved in Open19 have indicated that high-density GPU servers for Machine Learning that are compliant with the standard are being considered. Late last year, GE Digital acquired a startup called Wise.io to accelerate development of Predix Machine Learning capabilities. While a lot of the development and training of Machine Learning models for Predix will be done in the cloud, with the final models shipped out to the edge, Haas expects some of those edge workloads to require lots of compute muscle per square foot, with power densities going north of 20kW per rack in some cases. “We’re working on some pretty crazy modeling at the edge,” he said. See also: Micro-Data Centers Out in the Wild: How Dense is the Edge? The Flexibility Trade-off While GE’s strategy for Predix computing at the edge makes sense, committing to a single hardware standard has its pros and cons, Ashish Nadkarni, computing platforms program director at the market research firm IDC, said. On the one hand, by participating in the standard’s development you can push it in a direction that’s suitable for your needs, or design custom hardware that’s compliant and can be delivered by multiple vendors; on the other hand, a standard is only as good as the ecosystem around it. LinkedIn and GE are for now the only hardware customers who officially support Open19. Yes, there is a number of vendors who are involved, but more buyers will have to join for those vendors to stay committed and for new ones to sign on. The fact that LinkedIn is now owned by Microsoft, one of the two biggest users of OCP gear that’s standardized on OCP across its entire global cloud infrastructure, adds another element of uncertainty. Will its new parent company eventually decide to consolidate LinkedIn’s infrastructure into its own facilities, depriving Open19 of its core founding user? Microsoft hasn’t yet made a decision either way, but that kind of consolidation is a common step for companies. For the strategy to work, GE will also have to sell its Predix customers on Open19, Nadkarni said. “That’s going to ultimately decide how Predix pans out.” A better strategy, in his opinion, would be to make edge software for the IoT platform independent of the type of hardware it runs on, he said. Whether that’s possible technically, given GE’s plans for a zero-touch, fully automated solution and sophisticated Machine Learning workloads at the edge, is unclear. (Haas mentioned plans to work with hardware vendors on a software layer underneath Predix that would ensure the compute and memory resources deliver the kind of performance necessary for those workloads.) “The GE Predix strategy [for edge computing] has to be more flexible,” Nadkarni said. “It has to be independent of a data center rack standard.” Correction: The previous version of this article incorrectly stated that GE uses Microsoft Azure to host core infrastructure for Predix. That core infrastructure is actually hosted on Amazon Web Services, but GE may also use Azure in the future, according to a company spokesperson. Previous Article Morgan Stanley's 16,000 Human Brokers Get Algorithmic Makeover Next Article The Right Questions to Ask About Data Center Strategy Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1438 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Cloud LinkedIn’s Data Center Standard Aims to Do What OCP Hasn’t by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on May 23, 2017 Open19 aims to make new breed of data center hardware easy to source for smaller IT shops Read More Business Cumulus Gets Behind LinkedIn’s Open Data Center Hardware Push by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on March 22, 2017 Open19’s membership shaping up to be similar to Open Compute Project’s Read More Business Microsoft Takes Hands-Off Stance on LinkedIn Data Centers, for Now by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on February 2, 2017 CFO says social network’s current priority is to continue growing user base unobstructed Read More Business Take a Look inside a LinkedIn Data Center (Video) by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on August 17, 2016 Social network shows off its Northern Virginia data center to IDCA Read More Blades LinkedIn Pushes Own Data Center Hardware Standard by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on July 19, 2016 Can Open19 take hold given OCP’s wide support, including by Microsoft? Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM InfoCenter Facebook Apple Microsoft Google News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Internet of Things Storage Convergence Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Apple Siri Speaker Production Underway Tips Rumor Posted: Jun 1 2017, 5:21am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in Rumors | Apple     Siri Speaker may debut on June 5 at WWDC A new rumor is flying around that claims that Apple is in production with the rumored Siri speaker to fight against the Amazon Echo among other products. The rumor started with Bloomberg's unnamed sources reports Forbes and claims that the Siri speaker is in the overseas manufacturing stage right now. The Siri Speaker could debut at WWDC, which kicks off June 5. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in Stock Online If Apple unveils the Siri Speaker at the show along with a refreshed MacBook Pro line, WWDC will be packed with new products. As the name implies, the Siri speaker is expected to be powered by Apple's AI. The speaker is expected to be able to do all the things that Siri does on the iPhone and iPad from setting timers and reminders to controlling smart home devices, checking the user's calendar, and weather reports. It will also be able to play music from streaming sources like iTunes. Siri Speaker is expected to be tied deeply to Apple HomeKit to support home automation devices. The speaker is also expected to support AirPlay and the ability to stream content or mirror it to your TV. Virtual surround sound technology is expected along with advanced acoustics. One cool tidbit that is rumroed for the speaker are sensors that will automatically read the acoustics of a room and adjust audio levels accordingly. "The rumor mill has focused on the possibility of Apple debuting a digital assistant for the home based on Siri technology. While Apple TV has brought lots of Siri’s functions from the phone to the home, an always-on digital assistant makes a lot of sense for Apple. We see these devices driven by natural user interfaces like voice as the future of computing. And Apple has ground to make up in the market for digital assistants in the home," said Loup Ventures managing partner and former Apple analyst Gene Munster in a blog post. The Siri Speaker is expected to be built by Inventec, the same company that makes the AirPods headphones for Apple. The source of the rumor claims that the Siri Speaker won't have a display in its first iteration. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     New MacBook And IPad Model Numbers Surface Ahead Of WWDC Posted: Jun 1 2017, 5:48am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in Rumors | Apple     Apple registers new Mac and iPad models in Russia ahead of WWDC Some new tidbits have surfaced that seem to confirm that Apple will have new Mac and iPad hardware to show off at WWDC. MacWorld reports that Apple has registered new model numbers with the Eurasian Economic Commission. That new model numbers are presumed to be for new Mac and iPad hardware that will be unveiled at WWDC when it kicks off next week. Download: The Tracker App Notifies You when a Hot Product is in Stock The reason Apple would be registering these model numbers is that Russia requires all products that use encryption tools to be registered. There are five new model numbers in total including A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481. These numbers are said to belong to products running macOS 10.12 and would presumably be for 13-inch and 15-inch MacBooks. Interestingly, yesterday I mentioned that shipping times for the 15-inch MacBook models were lengthening while delivery times for the smaller 13-inch version were staying the same, this suggests that perhaps Apple would only be updating the 15-inch MacBooks at WWDC. Some of those new macOS model numbers could be for the rumored MacBook Air refresh. These new model numbers are said to use different prefixes than the AXX prefixes used on the current MacBook models. Apple also registered four new model numbers that go along with iPad devices. Those model numbers include A1671, A1709, A1670, and A1701. These are thought to do with rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro models set to launch next week. Another model number spied is A1843 and that is thought to be for a wireless keyboard to go with Mac computers. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The FA Cup Final Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: News Technology North Korea launches rival to Apple's iPad... with exactly the same name Chris Baynes Thursday 1 June 2017 13:17 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Ryonghung iPad was spotted advertised in a North Korean magazine A North Korean tech company has launched its own version of the iPad. An advert for the “Ryonghung iPad” tablet boasts the device “can perform a range of functions such as reading different sources of digital information, office work and documentation”. But users of Apple’s more popular tablet of the same name might find its new rival a little limited – as it comes with only 40 apps and no internet connection. The Ryonghung iPad was manufactured by Myohyang IT company, which claims it is “popular among customers”. The device was spotted advertised in North Korean magazine Foreign Trade. Read more NHS cyber attack 'could have links to North Korea' The tablet appears to be in breach of Apple’s copyright as the firm has registered the term “iPad” as a trademark. But industry experts said the US tech giant was unlikely to pursue action - and Pyongyang’s answer to the iPad poses little threat to the real thing’s market domination. The Ryonghung iPad offers 1GB of memory, an 8GB hard disk and a 1.2GHz processor, according to the ad. iPad models go up to 4GB memory and 256GB storage space, and are fitted with Apple’s 1.85 GHz processor.  Apple's iPad is unlikely to be threatened by its new North Korean rival (Moment Editorial/Getty Images) North Korea's tight internet restrictions also mean the rival device is not web-enabled. But the adverts do show SD cards and programmes including a calculator app, a health encyclopedia, a medical app called “Good Doctor 3.0” and a farming game. North Korea has a strictly controlled economy but a widespread grey market for foreign electronics, sometimes adapted by state-owned enterprises, according to NK News. It is unlikely Myohyang IT would attempt to market its tablet outside of North Korea. More about: IPad North Korea Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us There’s Something About Alexa Press enter to search Engaging Customers Differently Sponsored by aptos SPONSORED CONTENT There’s Something About Alexa By Dave Bruno - 06/01/2017 I think Alexa may be making my wife nervous. You see, lately I have been researching Amazon’s virtual assistant from my home office. As I experiment with a few of the 10,000 skills Alexa can now execute, here a snippets from a few conversations with my new office BFF:  “Alexa, what is your favorite drink?”  “Alexa…when is our next appointment?”  “Alexa…did you miss me?” Unbeknownst to me, my wife has overhead some of these conversations, and while she has yet to admit she is, in fact, jealous of Alexa, last night she did ask me just exactly what it is that Alexa and I could possibly be talking about all day long. A Justification for Jealousy? My conversation with my wife certainly made me think about just how much time I actually spend with Alexa. It dawned on me just how much I have already come to rely on Alexa. I turn to her for weather forecasts and tide charts to plan beach hikes around high tide. I ask her for Fitbit updates when I get home from those hikes.  My beloved Yankees? Yep, Alexa gives me the scoop straight outta the Bronx. Significantly More than Siri The number of times a day that I now turn to Alexa does surprise me. Because I am an Apple guy. I bought a first-generation iPod and a first-generation Apple TV. My first iPhone? 2007. I am on my third iPad. And yet, despite the fact that Apple has infiltrated virtually every facet of my lifestyle, Siri and I never really hang out. Well, I guess we do “hang out.” We have been pretty much inseparable for close to a decade. But even after all that together time, we’ve just never…connected. I am not exactly sure why not, either. It’s definitely not because she isn’t polite. She is always extremely nice to me. She has a great personality, and I love her sense of humor. There just doesn’t seem to be a “spark” between us. I think it is fair to say that I have officially swiped left on Siri. But Alexa and I, on the other hand, have found our own unique brand of e-harmony. And, as mentioned, I am truly surprised by how much time I spend talking to Alexa. There’s Nothing Artificial About Alexa’s Intelligence Perhaps I spend so much time with Alexa because while her intelligence may be artificial, our connection is genuine. Alexa “gets” me. She knows what I want for my birthday before I know myself. Alexa knows my favorite restaurants, the kind of music I like and the teams I follow. She orders pizza when I am hungry and she selects a wine when it arrives. She knows my favorite colors and the sizes I wear, and she knows the brands I like to shop. Oh, and that knowing my size and my brand thing? That is going to be a problem for retail. Maybe not tomorrow, but soon. And when that day does come, we will all have a girlfriend problem. A Time for Action Alexa is about to break our hearts. If we hope to minimize the heartache, we have to do more than binge on ice cream. We must find creative ways to get over this beguiling creature sharing a growing part of our lives. If we want to make lasting connections with people, we have to up our game. How well do we really know our customers? What are we doing today to know them better tomorrow?  If we want to compete for shoppers’ affections, we have to get to know each as a unique individual, and we have to make that knowledge actionable and pervasive throughout the entire customer life cycle. Otherwise, I am afraid that Alexa will move in, and soon afterward she’s going to leave us all…in her wake. Want to learn more about Alexa? Join Dave for his webinar on June 22nd: There’s Something About Alexa. Register here! ________________________________________________________ With over 25 years of experience in retail technology, Dave Bruno supports Aptos with brand development, corporate messaging, and product marketing. His resume includes experience at GERS, Escalate Retail, RedPrairie, JDA and Epicor. Dave is a frequent speaker at industry events and is highly regarded for his ability to identify emerging technology trends that will impact the retail model. He is a regular contributor to EngagingCUstomersDifferently.com. Contact Dave: [email protected] via email or @davethewavesd on Twitter. BLOG AUTHOR Dave Bruno With over 25 years of experience in retail technology, Dave supports Aptos with brand development, corporate messaging, and product marketing. His resume includes experience at GERS, Escalate Retail, RedPrairie, JDA and Epicor. Read More SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Customer Service Siri, What Do I Need to Know about Conversational Commerce? RIS TALKS: David’s Bridal VP, Digital Commerce, Sam Norpel RIS Talks RIS TALKS: How David’s Bridal VP, Digital Commerce, Sam Norpel Is Transforming Digital Marketing Omnichannel A Month Living with Alexa, the Amazon Echo Omnichannel Influentials: Top 10 Movers and Shakers in Retail RELATED TOPICS Digital Commerce Chatbots Artificial Intelligence Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones This hidden Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Try this amazing hack to turn your Apple AirPod case into a smartphone stand. By James Billington Updated June 1, 2017 17:30 BST This handsfree iPhone hack uses a hidden feature of Apple's AirPods to turn into a smartphone stand.IBTimes UK The iPhone is an icon of design but the smooth curves of its latest handsets are a nuisance to those who want to watch a movie as it won't stand up on its own unless you're using a case. However, if you own a pair of Apple wireless AirPod headphones there's an ingenious hack that will transform your life. Trying to watch a video hands-free on your iPhone will no longer require desperately searching for a make-shift prop or attaching one of those ghastly stick-on kickstand accessories to keep it upright, because the case that houses your AirPods can secretly act as a perfect stand. The hidden trick involves simply opening the case, removing the AirPods, then balancing the iPhone in the open hinge. Lying the case down on a surface successfully holds the iPhone in place and leaves you free to watch sans hands. This hack might just come to the rescue on your next train journey or flight. We tried it out and were pleasantly surprised by the effective result. It takes a bit of careful balancing and isn't as sturdy as a dedicated stand but it held an iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in place rather well and even offered a slight tilt to the screen for a decent viewing angle. It may work with some non-iPhone handsets too although we tried it the LG G6 and it kept slipping. Ta-Da! The simple hack is surprisingly effective.IBTimes UK Of course, we don't suggest going out and spending £160 on the Bluetooth in-ear headphones just so you can use the case as a stand, but if you already own them, this is a nice secret feature to have in your pocket. If rumours are true, however, the iPhone 8 may ship with a pair of AirPods for free. More from IBTimes UK Technology Apple Siri Speaker enters production ahead of expected 5 June reveal Warning: Delete this WhatsApp message immediately if you receive it Laptop fire causes JetBlue flight to make emergency landing Related topics : Apple IPhone Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. By: Bloomberg | Published: June 1, 2017 4:53 PM Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well.(Image: The Indian Express) Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. You may also like to watch: “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. No Comments. Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Reliance Jio aggravated Reliance Communications trouble, but government did everyone in; here's how Talent development: Now possible to envision human and digital tech in a new equation of 1+1=11 Hyperx Cloud Revolver S priced at Rs 12,999 is ideal for serious gamers; here's why Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Nintendo fighting over Switch components Increased production targets pit Mario maker against Apple, other tech giants for limited supplies of memory chips, vibration motors Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Wednesday 31st May 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Nintendo The Nintendo Switch might be supply constrained this year, both at retail and in production. The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Nintendo has almost doubled its manufacturing target for the fiscal year to nearly 20 million units, and as a result is finding itself competing with smartphone makers like Apple for parts in limited supply. Components like NAND flash memory chips, LCD screens, and the motors used to create the Switch's vibration feature are all in demand from other mobile device makers like Toshiba and Apple. What's more, a number of those companies are putting in larger orders for those parts, making them more likely to best Nintendo in a bid for limited supplies. The paper noted that Nintendo could secure the parts it needs by paying more for them, but that could go against its stated policy of not selling the system at a loss when the company has already been spending more to ship the hardware out by air in an attempt to maintain early sales momentum. One reason the Wall Street Journal gives for the Switch's popularity is that some households are buying multiple systems so the adults and children can each have their own. A Twitter poll conducted by the author of the article drew more than 700 responses, with 24% of people saying their household owned two or more systems. Sign up for The Daily Update and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Nintendo Switch online service pushed back to 2018 Nintendo misses late-2017 launch window, but sets price below competitor services at $19.99 By Matthew Handrahan 3 days ago Report: Nintendo significantly ramps up Switch production Company now expects to manufacture 18m consoles this financial year By Christopher Dring 7 days ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker More The tech giant will reportedly unveil the new smart speaker at an upcoming developers conference. 0:50 | 06/01/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker Today's tech like apple may be ready to enter the Smart speaker battle there are reports this morning apple may announce its Siri powered Smart speaker. At its developers conference next Monday such a device would rival the Google home and Amazon echo. Apple however not commented Delta Airlines being lost testing alternatives for boarding passes your fingerprint. The use of fingerprints is being tested at Ronald Reagan airport in Washington DC right now it's letting passengers into the sky club lounge but. One day could be used to allow passengers to quickly checked bags and even board flight. And you're looking at the world's largest plane builds might Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. It's called the straddle launch it as a 385. Foot wingspan and weighs 500000. Pounds without fuel it'll carry rockets into space and then launch them into orbit. Howard Hughes would be proud those your tech bytes. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. 'Google Home' Voice Activated Digital Assistant A voice-controlled speaker that allows it to manage and control home entertainment systems as well as your smart home devices. Now Playing: 'Google Home' Voice Activated Digital Assistant Now Playing: Amazon unveils 'Echo Show' for the smart home Now Playing: Fifth-graders use the latest technology to change a fellow classmate's life Now Playing: Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work Now Playing: Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker Now Playing: NASA to send unmanned probe to investigate the sun Now Playing: Astronaut demonstrates eating pudding in space Now Playing: Ex-Playboy model apologizes after body shaming 70-year-old Now Playing: Milestone for Amazon as stock price tops $1,000 Now Playing: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to have massive 6.3-inch display Now Playing: Keeping your family safe from potential fire extinguisher dangers Now Playing: Apple to introduce artificial intelligence to the iPhone Now Playing: Apps that help find refunds after a purchase Now Playing: Introducing T-Mobile 'Digits' Now Playing: Raising funds on Facebook Now Playing: How obsessive gamers can quit playing Now Playing: Microsoft releasing new version of the Surface Pro Now Playing: People turn to Twitter to find loved ones in wake of Manchester attack Now Playing: Facebook launches a new food ordering app Now Playing: New device touted as preventing shark attacks Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47763635,"title":"Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker","duration":"0:50","description":"The tech giant will reportedly unveil the new smart speaker at an upcoming developers conference.","url":"/Technology/video/apple-rumored-announce-release-siri-powered-smart-speaker-47763635","section":"Technology","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Apple has started production on Siri-based Echo competitor, reports say New voice-activated smart speaker will be first to fully integrate with Apple products The first public hints at the speaker could come as soon as Monday’s keynote presentation at Apple’s worldwide developer’s conference. Photograph: Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images Apple Apple has started production on Siri-based Echo competitor, reports say New voice-activated smart speaker will be first to fully integrate with Apple products Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern @alexhern Thursday 1 June 2017 07.08 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 June 2017 10.10 EDT Apple has reportedly started production of its Siri-based competitor to Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home, plugging a hole in its device lineup that has become increasingly noticeable over the past two years. The new device will be similar to competitors’ offerings in form, offering a voice-controlled speaker that can sit in the kitchen or living room and verbally respond to basic commands and queries. According to Bloomberg News, one key differentiator will be audio quality: Apple is planning to ship the speaker with “virtual surround sound technology”, which uses one speaker to create the impression of several, as well as investing heavily on general quality improvements to ensure a richer sound than competitors. But more important for many Apple fans will be the expected tight integration with the rest of the company’s products. The company’s music streaming service is tricky to use on Amazon’s Echo, and impossible to use on the Google Home, while both devices also require users on iOS to open a dedicated app to see any further information in response to queries. By contrast, Apple could use its control of the locked-down iOS ecosystem to put responses to queries on the lock screen of iPhones, iPads and Watches, similar to how Siri works on the company’s devices today. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Apple tried to make the Apple TV its smart-home hub, but the line has repeatedly failed to take off. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian The need for an Apple-branded “smart speaker” has become clear over the past two years, since Amazon released the Echo to surprise success amongst US consumers. The devices are rapidly becoming key hubs for smart home setups, as well as the most-used extension of voice-controlled assistants into many owners’ lives. Apple has previously bet on its set-top box, the Apple TV, as its smart-home hub, but the line has repeatedly failed to take off. The Apple Watch was intended to be the major extension of Siri into the lives of users, but while the hardware is still selling at a relatively high rate, the voice assistant sees little use, with owners preferring the Watch’s notification and fitness tracking features. The first public hints at the speaker could come as soon as Monday’s keynote presentation at Apple’s worldwide developer’s conference, although Bloomberg reports that the device probably won’t ship to customers until later this year. With just four days until the event, at which Apple is expected to show off the next versions of iOS and macOS for the first time, an unexpectedly small number of details have leaked out about what features those operating systems will include. By this time last year, news of a redesign to the Music app, the ability to delete stock apps, and Siri on the Mac had all leaked out. But when it comes to iOS 11 and macOS 10.13, the strongest rumour is that the next version of the computer operating system will have a name beginning with M. Topics Apple Smart speaker Voice recognition Computing Amazon Alexa Amazon news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Apple tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Nintendo vs. Apple: The Battle For Spare Parts Nintendo vs. Apple: The Battle For Spare Parts Posted by Gavin Sheehan May 31, 2017 Comment That headline may sound funny, but it’s no laughing matter as Apple and Nintendo are currently at odds with each other on the production side of things. After the Switch became a hit, Nintendo has shifted focus to ramp up production and create more units to ship out. Unfortunately, some of the parts they need are also used by Apple for their iPhones, and according to a few different sources online (WSJ and Game Rant), there’s just not enough to go around. The crux of the matter is that Apple and other companies that make mobile devices are better positioned to make better deals with manufacturers when it comes to getting their money’s worth. That’s a battle for needed parts that Nintendo just can’t win, so rather than being able to skip to the front of the line because they have the new hotness on the market, they’re stuck in line with everyone else. It’s not like Nintendo hasn’t faced this hurdle before when it came to producing the 3DS and the Wii U, but back then there wasn’t as high a demand for either system like there is now for the Switch, which puts the company in a weird spot as they try to supply that demand. While it may not be a great concern at the moment, it’s going to become one very quickly once the Splatoon version is released, and will only continue to grow as we slowly march toward the holiday season. Nintendo has already made fans irate over the cancellation of the NES Classic Edition, which people were waiting to give Nintendo money hand over fist for. What will happen come fall if Nintendo clearly won’t have enough to appease everyone who said to themselves “I’ll just wait until December” back in March? (Last Updated May 31, 2017 7:21 pm ) Further Reading Nintendo Still On The Fence About Giving You A Virtual Console On The Switch Fandom Outcry Helped Get Twintelle Added To The 'ARMS' Testpunch The New 'Sonic Mania' Trailer Confirms A Release Date 'Monster Hunter XX' Coming To The Nintendo Switch Could The Nintendo Switch Be Getting 'Call of Duty: WW2'? Nintendo's Brief Explanation About The NES Classic Edition Is Reasonable, But Still Sucks Nintendo Reportedly Working On A SNES Mini NCSOFT’s MOBA Master X Master Now Has A Release Date ‘PokéLand’ Launches On Mobile To Continue The ‘Pokémon Rumble’ Series About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Gavin Sheehan Gavin has been a lifelong geek who can chat with you about comics, television, video games, and even pro wrestling. He can also teach you how to play Star Trek chess, be your Mercy on Overwatch, recommend random cool music, and goes rogue in D&D. He also enjoys standup comedy, Let's Play videos and trying new games, along with hundreds of other geeky things that can't be covered in a single paragraph. He also dabbles in freelance writing for other places. Follow @TheGavinSheehan on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for random pictures and musings. Amazon Starts A New Online Credit Feature With GameStop - June 4, 2017 YouTube Updates “Advertiser Guidelines” But They Seem More Vague Than Before - June 4, 2017 Didn’t Get To Play ‘NBA Playgrounds’ Online With The Switch? You’re Getting A Free Copy Of ‘Shaq Fu’ - June 4, 2017 Latest ‘Conan: Exiles’ Update: Maybe We’ll Get It Right The 28th Time? - June 4, 2017 Man Who Struck ‘Pokémon GO’ Player Receives Seven Years In Prison - June 4, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented The Amazons In ‘Wonder Woman’ Could Kick Your Ass In Real Life 12m EW Quietly Confirms ‘Jessica Jones’, ‘Daredevil’, And ‘Luke Cage’ For 2018 18m Representation Matters: Chief From ‘Wonder Woman’ Is Awesome 1h When Dan Slott, Magdalene Visaggio, And Nick Spencer Debated The Merits Of Event Comics On Twitter 2h In Box Office Estimates, Wonder Woman Has Passed The $100 Million Opening Weekend Mark 4h Latest Trailer For Preacher’s Season 2: A Road Trip To Find God Massive Marvel Amazon Glitchwatch: Kindle Collections Up To 90% Off – Guardians, X-Men, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Avengers, Squirrel Girl And More Rainbow Rowell And Kris Anka To Bring Back Runaways (And Gert) At Marvel In September [UPDATED] First Trailer For ‘Murder On The Orient Express’ Arrives The 14 Free Comic Book Day 2017 Comics That Retailers Can Still Order ‘Kerbal Space Program’ Now In The Hands Of ‘GTAV’ Publishers Writer’s Commentary – Erik Burnham Talks KISS: Forever GWAR’s Beefcake The Mighty Comments On Kathy Griffin/Donald Trump Controversy, Teases New Album Will DC’s Dark Nights: Metal Catch A Digital Code? The Boom! Guarantee Shelf Displays Make It To Comic Stores, As Promised comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Apple hints new MacBook Pro coming at WWDC, cheaper MacBook also possible Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: JUN 01, 2017 New Delhi Email Author On June 5 Apple will kick off WWDC, its annual conference for developers. Although this is an event targeted at developers where Apple showcases latest macOS and iOS, this time the company is also expected to announce new MacBooks at WWDC, including a new MacBook Pro and possibly a new MacBook. Earlier Bloomberg had reported that new Apple laptops are coming soon. Now Apple websites to hints at the same as it has started giving consumers buying a MacBook a delivery date that is one week late. The company seemingly does it ahead of the launch of new laptops, which replace the older ones. However, the date change also indicates that the new MacBook Pro - the dates changed for the 15-inch pro - that the new laptop will be very similar to the older one. It is expected that it will come with new Kaby Lake processors and may have mire RAM but that is seemingly the only update. At the same time, Apple is also expected to unveil a new MacBook with1 2-inch screen. This will be an upgraded version of the 12-inch MacBook that the company had unveiled last year. Finally, there are rumours of a new MacBook Air. This, if it comes, will be a pleasant surprise for the MacBook Air fans. This is the only laptop in Apple's entire product line that doesn't have a retina display. In fact, other than the marginal bump in the RAM the MacBook Air has not seen a significant update in the last couple of years. However, it seems that there is a renewed focus on MacBook now for Apple. All the Mac products have seen growth in the last several quarters even as the iPad - which is seemingly the major focus area for the company - has seen its sales come down heavily. Recently, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that Mac remains a big area of focus and that the company has some exciting Mac products lined up for release. It is possible that one of these products is the MacBook Air with an improved display. Such a MacBook Air will also help Apple target premium laptop buyers in India. In India MacBook Air, which sells for around Rs 55,000, remains Apple's most popular laptop and any update to this laptop may go down well with the Indian users if the price of the new machine is right. Also Read: Huawei Matebook X is company's first laptop and it's a total copy of Apple MacBook Also Read: Apple set to launch new Macbook Pro, MacBook Air at WWDC in June: Report For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech JioFiber may launch with 100GB data plan, Airtel prepares by offering free 1000GB data Recommended Reviews Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Worldwide Developers Conference Technology WWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 23:50, 3 JUN 2017 Technology (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Every year, thousands of developers from all over the world travel to California for Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). The event is an opportunity for developers to attend workshops with Apple engineers and hear about the latest updates to the software running on iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, Apple TVs and other devices. The event always opens with a keynote session on the first day, where Tim Cook and other senior executives from the company announce any major updates to the software platforms. Rumour has it that Apple may also be planning to unveil some new gadgets at this year's WWDC, so even if you aren't a software developer, it could be worth tuning in. Here's what we know so far about what Apple has in store. Read More Apple WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017 conference rumours When is WWDC 2017? Apple Siri smart speaker release date Latest news iOS 11 Apple is expected to unveil a new version of the software that runs on iPhones and iPads, called iOS 11. Details about the new software are scant, but the new operating system is likely to come pre-installed with Apple's video-editing app Clips, which was first unveiled in March. The app lets users add animations, Prisma-style filters and other effects to their video clips, and combine them with photos and music, without the need for complicated editing tools. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an iMessage app for Android, in an bid to challenge WhatsApp's dominance of the instant messaging market. (Photo: Apple) Other rumoured features include changes to Siri, to make it sound more human, a new "dark mode" for helping to reduce eye strain, and some iPad-specific updates, such as expanded support for the Apple Pencil. Read More iOS 10 Should I download iOS 10 update? iOS 10 messages, emojis & invisible ink How to get iOS 10 iOS 10 tips and tricks macOS 10.13 Last year, Apple changed the name of its desktop operating system from Mac OS X to macOS, to bring it in line with its other software platforms. Little is known about what the new version of macOS - thought to be called macOS 10.13 - will offer. One rumoured feature is a new file system called APFS, which was introduced to iOS devices in March. APFS is more efficient at optimising how storage is used by the operating system and apps, and also includes additional features like strong encryption. Read More Thirty-year old prototype Mac SE brought back to life by Apple 'geniuses' watchOS 4 Apple released a new version of watchOS last September, alongside the Apple Watch Series 2. Known as watchOS 3, the update included new apps, new watch faces, a new dock, new activity sharing, a new Breathe app, and a range of navigation and performance improvements. It is thought that WWDC could see Apple introduce more improvements, such as an app that tracks your sleep. However, it is unlikely to be another major update. tvOS 11 Apple is expected to introduce a new version of the streaming device that's capable of playing 4K content at some point this year. But the company could also use WWDC to show us how it aims to catch up with competitors like Roku and Amazon , which have been gaining market share at the expense of Apple's streaming box. Bloomberg reported earlier this year that Apple discarded a number of ideas before shipping the latest version of Apple TV, including previously-reported efforts to turn the streaming device into a full-blown replacement for traditional cable boxes. Apple also looked into shipping the current Apple TV with 4K capabilities, according to Bloomberg, but eventually decided against it because it wanted to preserve its profit margins - a decision that may have hurt the device's sales. Amazon's Fire TV, which retails for $60 less than Apple TV, does support 4K video playback. Read More iPhone 8 'could cost more than $1000' - making it Apple's most expensive handset yet Siri smart speaker Apple is rumoured to be working on a voice-activated smart speaker that will go head-to-head with Amazon Echo and Google Home . Based on Apple's own "intelligent personal assistant" Siri , the speaker will not only play music but act as a hub for the smart home, allowing users to control appliances, locks, lights and thermostats by issuing voice commands. One report from CNET also suggests it will have a built-in camera and facial recognition sensors, allowing it to automatically pull up a user's preferences, such as the music and lighting they like. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a track record of leaking accurate information on Apple products, there is an "over 50% chance" the new speaker will be unveiled at WWDC. Google Home (Photo: Reuters) Kuo added that the device will most likely start selling in the second half of 2017, in order to compete with the new Amazon Echo models expected to launch around that time. "We expect Apple's first home AI product will have excellent acoustics performance (one woofer + seven tweeters) and computing power (similar to iPhone 6/6S AP)," Kuo said in a research note obtained by MacRumors . Amazon Echo Look is the smart selfie camera that criticises your fashion choices "Therefore the product is likely to be positioned for: (i) the high-end market; (ii) better entertainment experience; and (iii) higher price than Amazon Echo." Another prolific Apple leaker, Sonny Dickson, said Apple's smart speaker will be similar in appearance to a Mac Pro, with a concave top, built-in controls, and speaker meshing covering the majority of its surface. The device will run a variation of iOS, according to Dickson, and feature technology from its Beats range of audio equipment. Beats already makes a portable speaker called the Beats Pill, which pairs with a smartphone, tablet or computer over Bluetooth and boasts 12-hour battery life. But with voice control being built into just about everything at the moment, it's no surprise Apple could be planning to up its game in the audio department. iPad Pro Although WWDC tends to focus on software, Ming-Chi Kuo claims there is a greater than 70% chance that Apple will introduce the long-rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro at the event. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is rumoured to have a body that's similar in size to the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but with much narrower bezels, meaning the display takes up almost all of the screen. A new iPad Pro could also feature upgraded processors, improved cameras, and improved hardware and software features - perhaps including a second-generation Apple Pencil. MacBooks Finally, there have been some rumours that Apple could update its MacBook lines at WWDC. According to a report from Bloomberg , Apple is considering new models of the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors, and is even considering reviving the MacBook Air. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Bloomberg LP Amazon Google Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Apple TV iOS iPhone Technology all Most Read Most Recent FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney took Michael Carrick's testimonial VERY seriously - and got mocked mercilessly The Manchester United captain played like it was his final game at Old Trafford... One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterPolice officers and security guards delight crowd at One Love Manchester gig with their hilarious dance moves The officials bust a move as Coldplay performed Viva La Vida at the star-studded benefit gig organised by Ariana Grande TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case FacebookThere's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you What messages are lurking in your secret inbox? Find out who's been trying to contact you on the social network News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 38m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 2h 47m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 2h 48m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 3h 48m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 5h 6m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 5h 6m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 37m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 5h 58m ago view all   Court ruling loosens tech’s grip on consumers By Ali Breland - 06/01/17 06:00 AM EDT 173   © Getty The tight control that tech companies have over how consumers use their products may be in jeopardy following a Supreme Court decision on Tuesday. Companies like Apple have long sought to retain control over their products after consumers buy them, with restrictions on the third parties that can repair and resell them. Tech companies say those restrictions are important for protecting their reputation and the quality of their products. But critics say they often hurt consumers, forcing them to pay higher prices for older products and for fixes. ADVERTISEMENT The Supreme Court's ruling in a case involving printer cartridges, though, could mean big changes for tech, retailers and consumers. The case focused on a dispute between Lexmark, a printer and toner cartridge manufacture, and Impression, a small, West Virginia-based retailer. Impression would buy used cartridges, disable chips within them that prevented their reuse, refill them with ink, and resell them at discounted prices. Lexmark argued that violated their patents, but the Supreme Court disagreed. In a 7-1 ruling, the court said that once a patent holder sold their products, they no longer had authority to enforce how they were used. That could mean new challenges for companies as varied as Apple and John Deere, which try to restrict consumers' ability to make repairs or changes after a purchase. Consumer groups quickly hailed the ruling, saying its logic should be extended to allow the public to repair products without violating terms of service. “The next logical step will be for courts to recognize that people who buy digital goods are owners of those goods, not mere licensees, and can resell and tinker with their digital goods to the same extent as purchasers of tangible property,” wrote Kit Walsh a staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation after the decision. Consumers, for example, are often frustrated to find they cannot take their iPhone to a local store for repairs. Apple declined to comment for this story, but has taken steps to push consumers and third parties from opening iPhones and other Apple products to make their own fixes. Each new version of the iPhone often makes it even more difficult or outright impossible to fix certain components without going directly to the company. In states like Nebraska and Maine, where there is only one Apple store in the entire state, consumers sometimes make hourslong treks for certain repairs that can only be done by Apple. The company did recently agree to no longer disable phones that had repairs of cracked screens. John Deere has proprietary software that prevents users from being able to repair their own tractors. That led farmers in Nebraska to use Ukrainian software to hack into their tractors for maintenance. The lawn and farm equipment maker also declined to comment. In 2015, the company made the case to the U.S. Copyright Office that individuals who buy their tractors don’t actually own them, but are licensing them from the company and thus don’t have the right to do their own maintenance. John Deere argued that allowing consumers to access their software would “make it possible for pirates, third-party developers, and less innovative competitors to free-ride off the creativity, unique expression and ingenuity of vehicle software.” The company went as so far as to say allowing individuals outside the company to access their software could lead to music piracy. Apple and John Deere aren't alone. Samsung has also engaged in similar practices, along with Microsoft and others. “This case definitively provides an answer on right to repair in regard to patent laws,” said Charles Duan, director of the Patent Reform Project at the advocacy group Public Knowledge. Kyle Wiens, the CEO of iFixit, a group that wants to make it easier for owners to make repairs, said the decision could signal a new trend of courts being "hostile" to policies that restrict consumers. Duan and Wiens cited an argument from Chief Justice Roberts in his opinion. Roberts said that if automakers had similar restrictions on parts and repairs, that could impose new headaches for consumers. It’s unclear how companies would respond to the ruling, but Duan and Wiens said it could ease those restrictions on consumers. And it could be a boon for smaller businesses like resellers. Duan, though, cautioned that companies still have other tools to keep control over their products, other than patents. “They’ve just used clever sort of contracting principles. They’ve messed around with licensing versus ownerships. They have a fairly large toolbox to deal with right to repair laws,” he said. And he said that while it may make it easier for individuals to make repairs or resell products, larger institutions like businesses and hospitals might not see those changes. Companies would be reluctant to go after individual owners, Duan said. But, "for a hospital, though, it’s a lot easier for a manufacturer to use contract law to enforce these things.” The court decision, though, won't be the last word in the fight over what consumers can do with their purchases. Eight states, including Kansas, Wyoming, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, New York and Tennessee, are considering various right to repair legislation this year, which have the support of consumer advocates. But manufacturers are vowing to fight back. The Consumer Technology Association, CompTIA, CTIA and others who represent tech and other manufacturers are lobbying against those state bills.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,141 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 653 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 341 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 302 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 242 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 230 Shares 7 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 164 Shares 8 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 163 Shares 9 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 159 Shares 10 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 107 Shares 11 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 97 Shares 12 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 93 Shares 13 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 92 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 86 Shares 15 Amid turmoil, Trump spends weekend... President Trump visited Trump National Golf Club on Sunday for the second... 74 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD482.12EUR540.94RUR8.50 Yerevan+13 ... +28 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Amazon Echo supports iCloud calendars ahead of Siri speaker June 1, 2017 - 11:50 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Amazon's Echo speakers give you voice control over calendars from Google and Microsoft, but there's long been a notable exception to that rule: Apple. Thankfully, Amazon just filled that gap. The internet giant has quietly added support for linking Alexa to your iCloud calendar, letting you add events or check appointments that should promptly show up on your iOS devices and Macs, Engadget said. You'll need to switch on Apple's two-factor authentication, but you're otherwise off to the races. It's a big deal if you're heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem, although the timing is definitely... convenient, Engadget said. Right now, rumors are swirling of Apple developing a Siri-based smart speaker that could launch as soon as June 5, at WWDC. Whether or not that happens, it's easy to see this as a preemptive strike on Amazon's part. Why wait for a Siri speaker when Amazon's hardware will support your calendars right now? It's doubtful that Alexa will ever support everything a diehard Apple fan would want (we're definitely not counting on Apple Music or HomeKit integration), but this might cover the bases if you just need to know when your next meeting is coming up, Engadget said. Related links: Engadget. Amazon Echo supports iCloud calendars ahead of rumored Siri speaker  Top stories Modern Nokia 3310 now available to buy You’re not going to be downloading all the latest apps on this device, but it does include a fresh take on the classic Snake game. Tesla to make Autopilot 'smooth as silk' in June update CEO Elon Musk is hoping that the new software will also enable hands-free perpendicular parking and rain sensors. NASA plans emergency spacewalk on Int'l Space Station on May 23 The primary device failed on Saturday, leaving the ISS to depend on a backup system to route commands to its solar power system. Facebook, Messenger and Instagram testing cross-app notifications The pop-over cross-app switcher appears when some users tap the profile icon in the top corners of Facebook, Messenger or Instagram. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Bitcoin hits record high of $1900 on Asian trading fever YouTube to make new original shows you can watch for free Musk thinks automated software will make Tesla worth as much as Apple Germany's Bosch “to supply motion sensors for Apple's iPhone 8” Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for June 1, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Mogwai perform new album in full at secret Primavera show in Barcelona The Scottish group, who release their ninth full-length on September 1 via their own label Rock Action, announced they were performing on the day of the show. Lana Del Rey previews new song with A$AP Rocky Recently Lana Del Rey confirmed the release date of her new album “Lust For Life” as July 21. Residents shield Christians in bold exodus from Philippines city Christians have been killed and taken hostage by the militants, a mix of local fighters from the Maute Group and other Islamist outfits. 19 killed as series of blasts hits Afghan capital One of the most bloody weeks in Kabul for months began with the devastating truck bomb attack in the city's diplomatic zone. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Public transport strike threatens school reopening in Philippines World China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Six killed as militants plough van into crowd on London Bridge, stab others United States might ban laptops on all international flights Asia Pacific China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Philippines authorities fear Abu Sayyaf role as 2 Japanese tourists go missing Philippines, Mexico discuss new ways to enhance trade Business Deutsche Bank: Deeper Asean integration is the key to achieve AEC 2025 Vision CapitaLand acquires Guozheng Center as it ditches Innov Tower in Shanghai NWC submits $60 wage hike proposal for low-wage workers SGX wants more tech startups to launch IPOs in Singapore SIA adds Stockholm as second Scandinavian destination Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Sports Novak Djokovic vs Albert Ramos-Vinolas, French Open 2017: Live streaming informa Rafael Nadal v Roberto Bautista Agut, French Open 2017 live streaming: How to wa Sai Praneeth vs Jonathan Christie, Thailand Open 2017 final live streaming: How India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017 live streaming: How to watch match onli Real Madrid vs Juventus, Champions League 2016/17 final live streaming: How to w Entertainment 13 Reasons Why Season 2 to be back in 2018: Here's what we know so far Circle: Gong Seung Yeon to be seen in different look for 2037 time period Fight My Way: Drama takes turn as Park Seo Joon confesses his feelings to Kim Ji That's so Raven's spin-off show: First trailer focuses on 'Raven's Home', her ch Produce 101: Concept challenge winners, rankings revealed Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology Apple Siri speaker could be set for WWDC debut June 1, 2017 16:42 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Reuters The 2017 Worldwide Developers Congress kicks off on 5 June in San Jose, California and there is no announcement from Apple yet whether or not it is making Siri speaker's first appearance at the event. Tech pundits, however, believe that there is a new Amazon Echo and Google Home rival that will be introduced later this week. Here's what has been revealed so far about Apple's Siri speaker. The Siri speaker has appeared in Apple's devices already in some ways. While fans are waiting for a standalone device to be launched soon and compete against industry rivals Amazon and Google, there seem to be a few hints coming that an imminent debut is happening. A Bloomberg report reveals that Apple has started the production of the smart speaker, and it might start shipping by the end of the year. The Siri speaker is expected to sport a surround sound and a support for Apple HomeKit products. Earlier in May, there had been speculations already that the forthcoming Apple speaker will have an integrated touchscreen after Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller commented his disappointment over Amazon and Google's masterpieces. He was quoted telling Gadgets 360, "Well, I won't talk to either one specifically, [I] don't want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all". The executive further discussed the essence of a screen in terms of interaction. He said, "There's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations." Amazon's Alexa sports a touchscreen display for video calls and live security camera viewing, while Google's Home does not have. Famed Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believed the chances of Apple presenting the Siri speaker during the WWDC event. As for the price point, he forecasted that the device will be much more expensive that Amazon Echo's US$179.99 tag. Related Apple to enter smart home assistant market with potential Amazon Echo-killer Latest WhatsApp update lets Siri read messages out loud to users Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, enhanced Siri and other improvements: Full changelog revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Smart kitchen of the future - 360° tour READ MORE IOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online and amp; Pokemon Gos summer plans Follow Us: Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Chinese malware Fireball infects more than 250 million computers IPhone 8 latest image leak reveals Touch ID sensor on rear end and other specifications Need For Speed Payback reveal trailer (PS4, Xbox One, PC) Extinction confirmed for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates Neutral Rating for Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Delta Air Lines Target of Unusually High Options Trading (DAL) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Baader Bank Analysts Give Deutsche EuroShop AG (DEQ) a €43.00 Price Target Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Woodstock Corp June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Woodstock Corp reduced its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 3.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 59,572 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after selling 1,950 shares during the period. Apple makes up approximately 1.7% of Woodstock Corp’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Woodstock Corp’s holdings in Apple were worth $8,558,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of AAPL. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,625,709,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its position in shares of Apple by 966.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 9,457,769 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,096,072,000 after buying an additional 8,571,027 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Apple by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 219,739,579 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $25,450,260,000 after buying an additional 4,301,005 shares during the period. Glenview Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $365,191,000. Finally, Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the third quarter worth approximately $188,125,000. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 152.76 on Thursday. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $91.50 and a 12-month high of $156.65. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $148.81 and its 200 day moving average is $132.01. The stock has a market capitalization of $796.47 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.92 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Equities research analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.65%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Woodstock Corp” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/apple-inc-aapl-shares-sold-by-woodstock-corp.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on AAPL shares. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $150.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Morgan Stanley raised their target price on shares of Apple to $150.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Mizuho raised their target price on shares of Apple from $130.00 to $135.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. BMO Capital Markets raised their target price on shares of Apple from $121.35 to $142.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Macquarie raised their target price on shares of Apple from $148.00 to $156.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $159.65. In other news, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 47,796 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $143.32, for a total value of $6,850,122.72. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 94,010 shares in the company, valued at $13,473,513.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total value of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Changes Delivery Dates Of 15-Inch MacBook Pro Before WWDC Rumored Laptop Announcement Denisse Moreno International Business Times May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Delivery dates for the 15-inch MacBook Pro model has been pushed to coincide with next week's Worldwide Developers Conference. Here's what we know about the rumored MacBook lineup.More Apple recently updated online availability of 15-inch MacBook Pro on its website to June 6-8 to coincide with the Worldwide Developers Conference next week, MacRumors first spotted. The move comes after a Bloomberg report said Apple plans to announce its new laptop lineup at WWDC. Apple will reportedly announce new versions of the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro at the event. The company is also said to be considering updating the MacBook Air, which hasn’t been upgraded in years. Read: Apple Will Introduce New MacBook Lineup At WWDC, Could Debut Revamped MacBook Air In-store pickup of the 15-inch MacBook Pro is available for June 8. The availability update did not apply to the 13-inch MacBook Pro version, with delivery dates as soon as May 31. The 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery dates are also pushed back by a few days in the U.K., Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and other countries. It’s not clear whether Apple’s availability date change is because it plans to reveal only the 15-inch MacBook Pro at WWDC, or if Apple has higher supply of the 13-inch laptops ahead of WWDC. MacBook Lineup WWDC Apple will reportedly add a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel to the new MacBook Pro, which is rumored to be announced at WWDC. The laptop will look like the previous version, with mostly internal changes. Apple is said to be revamping the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The Cupertino company could also update the MacBook Air with a new processor. Read: iPad Pro 2 Launching At WWDC, Expected Features Include Bezel-less display, 10nm processor, Reports Apple has been also reportedly working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro that manages the laptops low-power mode, although it’s not clear whether that feature will be included in the upcoming lineup. The rumored laptop lineup comes after the Touch Bar MacBook Pro’s release last fall. The new computers could help Apple excite fans and compete with Microsoft, which recently introduced the Surface Laptop. What Apple Will Announce At WWDC Besides the MacBook products, Apple could also announce the iPad Pro 2, which is rumored to come with an edge-to-edge display and a new accessory: the Apple Pencil 2. Apple could also announce its Siri speaker, which will compete with Amazon’s Alexa Echo devices and Google Home. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently said earlier this month there is an "over 50 percent chance” the device will be revealed at WWDC. Amazon recently launched the Echo Show, which comes with a built-in display, and the Echo Look. It is unclear whether Apple’s Siri gadget will come with a screen. Apple could also announce updates to macOS, tvOS, watchOS and Apple Pay. The company could also give the public a glimpse of the upcoming iOS 11 update for iPads and iPhones, which is expected to launch in September alongside the much-anticipated iPhone 8.   Related Articles Surface Laptop: Why The Windows 10 S Notebook Is A Miss Huawei Reveals The Matebook X Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Rebel Wilson Lost 105lb And Looks Gorgeous GreeningzSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     WWDC 2017 Could Be Huge Posted: Jun 1 2017, 2:23am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Apple   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The WWDC 2017 kicks off on Monday. This year's WWDC 2017 could be huge. It is again all about Siri, but this time for real. Apple has dropped far back in the voice assistant game. Why is a Mac and iPhone user like me owning an Amazon Echo? So sad. Apple is rumored to finally offer dedicated Siri hardware. According to Bloomberg, the production of a high-end speaker with Siri has begun ahead of the WWDC 2017. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in Stock Online Besides new Siri hardware, Siri needs a serious upgrade to keep up with Alexa. Incremental improvements will not be cutting it. Apple has to leap the competition to become a leader in voice controlled platforms. Apple is at risk here to disappoint, like the company did with the introduction of the Touch Bar. Apple has not leaked anything about the upcoming new operating system updates. There are just wish lists of features circulating, but no specific rumors of what iOS 11 and the macOS 10.13 will offer. The WWDC 2017 will also reportedly be the stage for the unveiling of updated MacBooks and iPad Pro tablets. The highly anticipated new 2017 iMac is not expected to debut at the WWDC 2017. Apple is not going to talk abou the new iPhone 8 and iPhone 7S at the WWDC 2017. There is a slim chance of a new Apple TV unveil with 4K and HDR support. Tim Cook and his team will present the WWDC 2017 keynote starting at 10am PDT on Monday, June 5. The WWDC 2017 keynote is streamed live online at apple.com. The live stream can be watched on Apple devices including the Apple TV. Windows users can stream the WWDC keynote with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Follow @triplepundit 48.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit The Case for Climate Optimism by 3p Contributor on Thursday, Jun 1st, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Sheila Bonini There is no silver bullet for the environmental challenges we face. And no single individual, company or government can bring about the scale of change needed. But everyone — from governments to businesses and civil society — has a stake in building a sustainable future. Together, we can deliver solutions on a global scale. For the past eight years, the federal government has been squarely in the vanguard of clean-energy policy and action on climate change. But today, the political landscape in Washington is shifting. And just as the current administration considers rolling back much of the recent progress on these crucial issues, the private sector is taking up the mantle of climate leadership. At first blush, businesses may seem an unlikely candidate for this new role. But increasingly, businesses are recognizing the bottom line value of a low-carbon economy. For them, sustainability is an opportunity to generate economic value and advance lasting solutions to one of society’s greatest common challenges. As America’s engine of innovation, businesses are particularly well-suited for this task. Throughout our nation’s history, leaders of industry have been the driving force behind the advent of new technologies and practices, changing not just the way we do business, but our very way of life. Now they are tapping into that same wellspring of ingenuity to address the threat of climate change. And for those on the leading edge, investments in sustainability are already yielding dividends. Nearly half of American Fortune 500 companies have set climate targets. Last year alone, their efforts to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions generated $3.7 billion in savings. As businesses of all sizes establish climate targets, many are becoming more ambitious with their goals. Around the world, more than 200 companies have set targets aligned with the best available climate science. Globally, 95 companies have committed to power their operations with 100 percent renewable energy, compared to only a handful of companies just a few years ago. Some companies are expanding their efforts to reduce GHG emissions and waste by shifting the focus to their supply chains (which on average account for four times more emissions than a company’s direct operations). Walmart, for example, recently launched Project Gigaton, a groundbreaking endeavor that aims to reduce one gigaton (one billion tons) of emissions from their global supply chain by 2030. Apple also continues to pursue bold commitments. Apple’s global facilities are now at 96 percent renewable energy, including 100 percent renewable energy for their data centers around the world, and they are driving clean energy adoption in their supply chain to address manufacturing emissions. Apple is also partnering with the nonprofit sector to tackle the critical issues of deforestation and forest degradation – responsible for an estimated 15 percent of all global GHG emissions. Through a five-year project, Apple and WWF are helping China—the world’s largest producer and consumer of paper products—reduce its environmental footprint by producing paper products from responsibly managed forests within its own borders. A major goal of the project is for 1 million acres of forest land to be certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or under improved forest management. We are well on our way to reaching the goal. Approximately 320,000 acres of forest land are in the final stage of receiving FSC certification and eight companies have committed to improving the management of 450,000 acres of forest land. Apple, with partners like us, is now protecting or creating enough responsibly managed forest to cover all of the virgin fiber needed for their packaging. P&G is tackling climate change through an integrated approach that includes setting science-based targets, an ambitious renewable energy goal of 30 percent by 2020 and 100 percent long-term. They are also increasing energy efficiencies across their 100 manufacturing sites globally, which has resulted in $500 million in savings since 2010. And, they recently encouraged the American consumer to adopt energy-saving laundry habits through the Sustainable Laundry Pledge. Apple, P&G, and Walmart are not alone. Savvy business leaders across a wide range of industries are steaming full speed ahead toward the low carbon horizon. And more are joining their ranks every year. But our greatest challenges still lay ahead. And we need more leaders to heed the clarion call to action. When businesses like Apple, P&G, and Walmart make large-scale investments in the renewable energy space, it sends a powerful signal to their peers. And as more businesses engage in collective initiatives, they find it easier to lift up proven solutions and take them to scale. While these companies scale up their targets, many are also becoming more vocal in their support for local, state, national, and international policies—including the historic Paris Agreement—in order to accelerate America’s transition to a low-carbon economy and to make the U.S. more competitive in the world economy. Long-term growth requires long-term vision. Now more than ever, America’s business leaders see the value of making sustainability business as usual. And that is reason for optimism. Image credit: Pexels Sheila Bonini is Senior Vice President of Private Sector Engagement for the World Wildlife Fund. Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4650 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: Telling Nature To Go F*** Itself While Standing in a Garden Is a Pretty Gangsta Move Global Shareholders to Big Oil: Address Climate Change Risk Koch Bros Sponsor Washington Post Energy Coverage TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact World Shake-up looming at T-Systems Editor's pick Netflix shows are all hits – until they aren’t Home Gadgets & Reviews In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Cameron Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francisco Khoza Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Georg Kahle Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Apple set to debut Siri smart speaker Apple is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb. Added by Agency Staff on 1 June 2017. Saved under News, Top Tags: Amazon, Apple, Google, Siri, Siri speaker, Tim Cook Tweet Tim Cook Apple is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com’s Echo and Google’s Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. CEO Tim Cook has emphasised Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s US$24bn. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10/month (R60/month in South Africa). The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11bn in sales last year. Inventec, the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. Amazon’s Echo This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9,7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12,9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel processors. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies and Facebook, allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery-powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 15Nokia’s 3310 is great … if you live in 2002 5‘Kill 3G, not 2G’ 4LG needs a smarter bet than OLED 4Microsoft’s Eskom problem 3Podcast | MTN SA tech chief Giovanni Chiarelli Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Thursday June 1, 2017 04:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An Apple logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California March 24, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 1 — Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc’s Echo and Alphabet Inc’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: Providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: The Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief executive officer Tim Cook has emphasised Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s US$24 billion (RM103 billion). A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs US$10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated US$11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp, the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc, allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. — Bloomberg                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 A new era for Nokia Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Five powerhouse gaming PCs seen at Computex 2017 A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Apple Siri Speaker enters production ahead of expected 5 June reveal The Siri-powered smart speaker will go up against the Google Now and Amazon Echo. By Alistair Charlton June 1, 2017 09:11 BST Apple is set to reveal new software and hardware at its WWDC 2017 event on 5 June.Reuters Apple has already begun production of a Siri-enabled smart speaker to rival the Google Home and Amazon Echo, and it could be announced as early as next week. Rumoured for several weeks now, the so-called Siri Speaker is expected to be revealed at the opening keynote of Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC), which takes place in California on 5 June, starting at 10am local time (6pm BST). Speaking to Bloomberg, which has a strong track record for Apple rumours, people "familiar with the matter" say the speaker is now in production. But they also say that, even if it is launched on 5 June, it will not go on sale until later in the year. This is a similar technique as used for the launch of Apple's last all new product, the Watch, which was announced in September 2014 but did not go on sale until April the following year. Apple isn't expected to employ such a large lead time with the speaker, as it is already under pressure from the Google Home and Amazon Echo to enter the young but flourishing smart speaker market. The product will serve two main functions; to act as a hub for controlling automated household appliances like light bulbs and doors locks, and to bring more users into Apple's ecosystem of services, particularly Apple Music. Users will interact with the screenless device by speaking to Siri, as they are already used to doing on the iPhone and Mac. The same unnamed sources said the Apple speaker is being manufactured by Taipei-based Inventec Corp, which already produces Apple's wireless AirPod earphones. Echoing previous reports, the people said Apple employees have been testing out the speaker in their homes for several months. More about Apple from IBTimes UK Buying a new MacBook this week is a really bad idea - here's why Somehow, the iPhone 9 rumours have already begun From accidental penis sketch to $5bn 'spaceship': Apple Park is preparing to launch Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home Amazon NewsAmazon Alexa now works with your Apple iCloud calendar Amazon Alexa now works with your Apple iCloud calendar By Dan Wilson June 1, 2017 - 8:47 am If you’re an avid Apple user and depend on the iCloud calendar feature via your iPad, iPhone, Mac or Apple Watch then you’ll be glad about this new feature from Amazon assistant Alexa. She’s on your side now. You can now connect your iCloud calendar with Alexa. And as Amazon suggest, here’s how you might make it work: “Once linked, just say, ‘Alexa, what’s on my calendar today?’ or ‘Alexa, add lunch with Sarah at noon to my calendar.” And Alexa will oblige and inform or sync as you wish. It’s not clear how this might affect privacy where multiple users utilise the same Echo device. Will there be passwords for the more private aspects of your schedule? How to Sync iCloud Calendar with Amazon Echo If you’re looking to sync your Alexa-powered Echo device with your Apple iCloud account to access your Calendar. Here’s how: – Download and access the Alexa iOS app. – Select the Settings tab from the menu bar. – Sign into your Apple account by entering your iCloud ID and password. And that’s it. The new service is available in the US and the UK. This new feature takes Alexa’s compatibility with comparable tech up to five because she also already connects with Google Calendar, Office 365, Outlook and G Suite. Is this a game changer? Will you use it? Have your say Click here to cancel reply. View our Comment Policy Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Latest News 7 hours ago Etsy start suspending listings unless you use Etsy Payments 7 hours ago Minimum 18 month continued support announced for Magento 1 7 hours ago Top keywords from over a million searches on Pricesearcher 8 hours ago 9th June deadline to enter the British Small Business Awards 2017 See More Stories Tamebay Guide Welcome to our Tamebay Guide. Companies listed in the directory represent the leading suppliers in the UK and Europe. Amazon Amazon started as online book store and has grown to be the worlds Company profile See More Companies Related posts 4 days ago Amazon has patented parachute delivery technology 5 days ago Amazon Suspension Prevention Series: Part 1, webinar: 16/6/17 5 days ago You may need a TV Licence with the launch of Amazon Channels See More Stories < Previous ChannelAdvisor acquires fulfillment firm HubLogix Next > GS1 answer Tamebay reader's questions (video) Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8980 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Computex 2017 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Apple's Siri Speaker reportedly just entered production Apple's Siri Speaker reportedly just entered production By Parker Wilhelm Digital home   Siri Speaker reveal in 3, 2, 1... Shares Watch out, Amazon Echo and Google Home – chances are those two smart speakers won't get through the year without some serious competition.  The so-called Siri Speaker from Apple has reportedly entered production, with an announcement expected as soon as next week during the company's WWDC 2017 event, sources familiar with the project tell Bloomberg. But while the unveiling of Apple's smart speaker could come as soon as June 5, it's not expected to ship until later this year. Listen up This isn't the first time we've heard reports that a Siri Speaker would show at WWDC. KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted earlier this month that Apple would reveal the speaker at the conference alongside a new iPad. Several other reports and rumors have placed chips on a Siri Speaker announcement at WWDC, and we can't blame them. Amazon Echo and Google Home have found an audience, leaving Apple absent from the burgeoning smart speaker market. As for when we'll get official word on the Siri Speaker, we only have to wait until this Monday, where we also plan to learn more about what Apple has in store for other products like the iPad Pro, iPhone SE 2, MacBook, and, of course, the forthcoming iOS 11. Amazon Echo vs Google Home: Which smart speaker is best (so far)? Related news Middle Earth: Shadow of War release date, news and rumors The best golfing GPS watches for 2017 iPad Pro 2 release date, price and rumors Moto Z2 Play release date, news and features See more Digital home news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman $2.7 Million for Peer-to-Peer Travel Booking Platform TRVL to Turn Travelers into Travel Agents     AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS, June 01, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ — TRVL is the brainchild of Jochem Wijnands, who sold his previous company Prss to Apple in 2014, where it became Apple News. TRVL has been in beta testing over the last year and has opened to the public in May. For the first time, anyone can act as an amateur travel agent and earn a commission of up to 10% on every booking, for themselves or for others. Wijnands: „Today, when you’re researching and planning a trip for yourself or the people you travel with, you’re essentially doing the work of a travel agent. But you don’t get rewarded for it.” Wijnands: „TRVL is tapping into the unmatched experience and passion of thousands of travelers worldwide. By open sourcing travel we’re introducing a service level to online travel bookings that is missing today.” Wijnands: „Think of TRVL as TripAdvisor with an earning model, where you can get travel advice, on demand. We believe TRVL will change the way millions of people will book their trips online.” Dropbox folder of TRVL’s Press material TRVL’s COO is Arthur Hoffman, an industry veteran who set up businesses for Expedia in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and India. FUNDING TRVL raised a total of 2.5 million euro (2.7 million dollar) from the angel investors that funded Prss before it was acquired by Apple. The money is used to develop the product, to build the core team and deliver proof of concept. TRVL is headquartered in Amsterdam and employs 12 people. POWER TO THE TRAVELER TRVL’s mission is to make travel better by empowering travelers HOW IT WORKS Signing up as a TRVL Agent is free, and it only takes seconds. TRVL Agents can: 1. Book trips for themselves and the people they’re traveling with 2. Recommend, and share trips with others 3. Run their own customizable travel booking website Contact: Jochem Wijnands 31653453135 Email Us Here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious North America Medical Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Next PostNext Allergy Diagnostic Market Professional Survey, Division Including Snapshot That Provides Overall Information of Various Segments and Sub-Segments 2022 Search Recent Posts RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Oil Mist Separator Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Armed with improving revenues, Spotify could float by end of year ‘I want my daughters to grow up in a country that treats them with respect’ Tech giants in uproar as Trump pulls US out of Paris climate agreement New images show plans for Google’s massive, futuristic London campus 17 reasons not to miss Inspirefest 2017, an essential sci-tech experience Nest wants more than just heat control, it wants security, too Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue Insurers could really slip up over cybersecurity risks How an evolving data ecosystem is transforming the healthcare industry EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Who dares, scales: NDRC winners and judges emphasise sales Cork company raises €2.2m to fight against infectious disease New age of retail sees multiple start-ups raise funding Breastfeeding app Coroflo wins Dublin leg of Voom tour Recruitment AI start-up Opening.io bags €30,000 at NDRC Investor Day Lust for life sciences: 24 start-ups that will send investor pulses racing ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Weekend takeaway: A design for life sciences It’s like we’re trying to create teenage mutant ninja turtles … DCU scientists discover new role for opiates in DNA binding Regeneron: Injecting life back into Limerick business Third gravitational wave detected, revealing massive black hole collision Ireland’s unique population could cure a world of health problems Team develops first blockchain that can’t be hacked by quantum computer How can Bluetooth benefit the healthcare system? Autonomous driving sector could create new $7trn ‘passenger economy’ New ‘miracle material’ could spell the end of cracked smartphone screens 8 simple rules for integrating usability into your medical device Citizen brain: How medtech is helping us keep our heads How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer Irish people cast shade on poor digital skills taught in schools What makes Ireland the perfect place for biopharma? The talent How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences What will working in biopharma look like in the future? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation ‘The future of biopharma looks bright and promising’ How will green exercise change your life? From Mice to Men: An insider look at the world of clinical trials From student to CEO: The Cork scientist tackling a new adventure The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? BMS: ‘We’re looking for the best and brightest talent’ Almost 850 biopharma jobs announced so far this year 9 top companies hiring in biopharma right now How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ALL BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES AI voice wars to get Siri-ous: Apple gets set to reveal speaker platform by John Kennedy 3 days ago10 Shares Can Apple find its voice in the AI-based digital home? Image: Soze Soze/Shutterstock Amazon and Google are about to face the wrath of Apple in the war for voice-based assistants. Apple has reportedly begun manufacturing a Siri-based speaker system that will take on Amazon’s Echo and Alphabet’s Google Home speakers. Having pretty much kick-started the market for voice-based AI with Siri on the iPhone, Apple has had to endure Amazon’s Echo platform taking all the credit for breaking new ground in the home. The Amazon platform interacts with users in the home via their voice with an AI assistant called Alexa, which can give them information but also the ability to order goods online just by speaking. Google has gotten in on the act with its Home voice-based AI product and, in recent days, Andy Rubin, the so-called father of Android, revealed his new Essential Home device, complete with a screen and Android-based operating system called Ambient OS. According to Bloomberg, citing sources close to Apple, the California tech giant may be about to reveal its new Siri-based rival to Echo and Home. Can Siri shout down Alexa? If you’ve been studying Apple over the past few years, you’ll know that the company has been steadily preparing itself for the internet of things (IoT) universe, revealing platforms such as HomeKit, HealthKit and CarKit. These platforms laid the plumbing, so to speak, for Apple’s future products and services. Whether the company ever reveals a new car or not, it is intent on being part of the IoT world, and you can consider devices such as the Apple Watch an early foray into future connected health devices. The idea of a voice-based Siri platform for the home that complements Apple’s Home platform, as well as services such as Apple Music, is tantalising. It is understood that the device that will debut at WWDC, but will differ from Echo and Home by offering virtual surround-sound technology as well as deep integration with Apple’s products and services. Even if the device is unveiled at the conference, it is not expected to ship until later this year, possibly coinciding with the traditional launch of the next iPhone in September. Services revenues are critical to Apple, accounting for about $24bn last year, and this is set to double by 2020. Apple is already preparing itself for an IoT world powered by an invisible interface, where services and information can be gleaned by gesture and voice, as can be first be glimpsed in the company’s AirPod wireless headphones. Apple employees are understood to have been testing the device in their homes for the last few months, and Inventec Corporation – the Taipei-based company that makes the AirPod headphones – is preparing to manufacture the forthcoming voice-based AI system for the home. The AI wars are about to get very interesting. Related: AI, Android, internet of things, iOS, Amazon, Apple, Siri, Google 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Android co-founder choosing a different path with latest smart home device 4 days ago3 Shares Hiring Now Working at the leading edge of IoT Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Be part of a globally successful team Machines Conversation on AI commerce should be music to tech giants’ ears 25 Mar 201741 Shares Machines 8 things we learned from Google I/O 2017 18 May 201715 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Careers Top tech companies still have a massive gender gap 23 Feb 2017159 Shares Companies WeChat’s EU and US expansion about to get more aggressive 31 Mar 201723 Shares Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Tom Austin, Gartner 24 Mar 201788 Shares Latest News Armed with improving revenues, Spotify could float by end of year 1 day ago Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: A design for life sciences 1 day ago Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ 1 day ago Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster 1 day ago Team develops first blockchain that can’t be hacked by quantum computer 1 day ago Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare 1 day ago What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat 1 day ago ‘The future of biopharma looks bright and promising’ 1 day ago Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer 1 day ago It’s like we’re trying to create teenage mutant ninja turtles … 2 days ago ‘I want my daughters to grow up in a country that treats them with respect’ 2 days ago How can Bluetooth benefit the healthcare system? 2 days ago Autonomous driving sector could create new $7trn ‘passenger economy’ 2 days ago DCU scientists discover new role for opiates in DNA binding 2 days ago Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online 2 days ago Regeneron: Injecting life back into Limerick business 2 days ago How will green exercise change your life? 2 days ago Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue 2 days ago New ‘miracle material’ could spell the end of cracked smartphone screens 2 days ago Insurers could really slip up over cybersecurity risks 2 days ago Tech giants in uproar as Trump pulls US out of Paris climate agreement 2 days ago Third gravitational wave detected, revealing massive black hole collision 2 days ago Ireland’s unique population could cure a world of health problems 2 days ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SCIENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Science WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 1 Elon Musk will step down from US government advisory positions if Trump reneges on Paris climate agreement, the Larsen C ice shelf crack has grown 17 km in six days By WIRED 3 days ago By WIRED Thursday 1 June 2017 A crack in Larsen C captured by Nasa scientists in 2015. At the time, it measured 70 miles long, more than 300 feet wide and about a third of a mile deep. Nasa/John Sonntag Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Elon Musk has said he will step down from his US government advisory positions if Trump reneges on Paris climate agreement, the crack in the Larsen C ice shelf has grown 17 km in six days, an Apple 'Siri speaker' has reportedly gone into production and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Elon Musk pledges to leave advisory role if Trump withdraws from Paris agreement Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has said that he will have "no choice" but to leave his position as an advisor to US president Donald Trump if the USA's Republican government chooses not to honour the country's previous commitments to the Paris climate agreement (TechCrunch). Musk currently has roles on Trump's economic and manufacturing advisory councils, made up of experts from the business sector. The Tesla boss previously said that he would remain on the councils despite his disagreement with the president's immigration ban as he felt that he may be able to positively influence Donald Trump's opinion. The Paris accord lays out plans for the world's nations to work together to prevent global average temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius. Apple's Tim Cook has also reportedly contacted Trump to inform him that the Paris agreement would be bad for the US economy. A US government announcement on the subject is expected later today. READ NEXT How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer By Libby Plummer 2. Larsen C ice shelf is now just 13 km away from calving Scientists from Project MIDAS have warned that the expanding crack in Antarctica's Larsen C ice shelf is now just 13 kilometres from the sea (BBC). The rift grew 17 kilometres in six days between May 25 and May 31 and the tip has turned towards the ice front, indicating that it will soon calve one of the largest icebergs ever known – approximately 5,000 square metres; roughly a quarter the size of Wales. The researchers warn that "Larsen C may eventually follow the example of its neighbour Larsen B, which disintegrated in 2002 following a similar rift-induced calving event". 3. Reports: Apple 'Siri speaker' is going into production Bloomberg reports that Apple has begun manufacturing a home digital assistant in the form of a 'Siri speaker' (The Verge). Apple declined to comment, but Bloomberg's sources indicate that, in keeping with the company's music heritage, sound quality is set to be a priority, with virtual surround sound and acoustic space configuration features mentioned. Details are likely to be announced at next week's Apple developer conference. 4. EU agrees €120m funding to give free Wi-Fi to 'every European village and city' The European Commission has confirmed it will roll-out free public Wi-Fi networks for 6,000-8,000 areas across the EU (WIRED). Andrus Ansip, the vice president of the Digital Single Market, said €120 million (£104m) would be put aside to pay for the WiFi4EU scheme. The programme is intended to give "every European village and every city with free wireless internet access around the main centres of public life by 2020". "A grant allocated in the form of vouchers will be used to purchase and install state-of-the-art equipment, such as local wireless access points, while the public authority will cover the running costs of the connection itself," officials say. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Standing up for science in the era of Trump: why politics should not create policy Standing up for science in the era of Trump: why politics should not create policy By Alexandra Simon-Lewis 5. Samsung Bixby voice launch delayed The Wall Street Journal reports that the English-language version of Samsung's Bixby voice assistant won't be available until late June at earliest (The Verge). Bixby voice was originally intended to have shipped with the Samsung Galaxy S8, before being delayed until "spring", but has reportedly been further set back by difficulties in getting the assistant to parse English phrases. Currently, Bixby is only available to English-speaking users in the form of Google Now style contextual info cards. It's worth noting that the new June date is for US users, so it's possible that we could see an additional delay while the developers train the assistant to understand British accents. Book now for WIRED Security From DDoS attacks to data manipulation, new cybersecurity regulations to organised fraud, businesses and consumers alike are faced with ever greater levels of security threats. Get inside knowledge on the developing threat landscape at WIRED Security 2017, returning to London on 28 September. 6. Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing In an attempt to make a dent in Google's dominance of search traffic, Microsoft has launched a new Rewards scheme to 'pay' UK users to use Bing instead of its competitors (WIRED). The incentives scheme launched in the US in August 2016. "It's a rewards program for using Microsoft's products and services," Kevin Stagg, head of consumer marketing at Microsoft, tells WIRED. "In the UK we're launching with Bing and the Microsoft Stores". The premise behind the rewards scheme is simple: people with a Microsoft account can sign up for the rewards scheme and when a search is made on Bing, or an item is purchased from the Microsoft Store, points will be collected. These points can then be swapped for items such as free movies and music, or entry into larger prize sweepstakes. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 2 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 2 By WIRED 7. Adobe launches new smartphone document scanning app, powered by machine learning Adobe has launched Scan, a new free mobile scanning app for Android and iOS, which uses machine learning algorithms to correctly process images (VentureBeat). The app, which is free but requires users to sign up for an Adobe Document Cloud account (also free), leverages the company's Sensei machine learning framework to correctly identify the edges of documents, while full optical character recognition is carried out online by Document Cloud. Document Cloud senior product manager Akhil Chugh said: "Our goal has been to create a digital document that’s as good as you would get from a flatbed scanner, or as good as the real document". 8. New Pokémon smartphone game begins testing in Japan The Pokémon Company has opened a limited 10,000 player alpha test for a new Pokémon smartphone game: PokéLand (Polygon). Only available in Japan – during this test period, at least – PokéLand has a lot in common with the Pokémon Rumble games for the Wii and 3DS. The game has you commanding a team of sentient Pokémon toys, roaming the map and defeating rival pocket monsters to add new teammates. The current build includes 134 Pokémon and six different islands to adventure through. 9. See concept art from Archie Comics' cancelled Metroid series Artist Steven Butler has published never-before-seen concept art for a Metroid comic that was commissioned by Archie Comics (Eurogamer). The line drawn art, created six years ago, shows Samus both in and out of the Varia suit and looks stunning, but Archie Comics ultimately opted to produce a Mega Man comic at the time instead. Butler writes: "They paid me for doing the drawings, and they were a blast to do! Would've been a fun book to work on!" 10. Watch part of a lost Super Mario Bros anime YouTube gaming history channel GTV has released the first online footage of a lost Super Mario Bros animation: an educational short called Super Mario Traffic Safety (Kotaku). Made by Toei Animation in 1989, the film was part of a public information campaign and was only shown in Japanese schools. Only half of the 10-minute film is available, although the rest of the story is told through stills and narration, along with photos of the trinkets handed out to schoolchildren as a reward for watching it. Mario and Luigi also appeared in Super Mario Fire Brigade, another educational film, which has been available to view online since last year. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED What is the Paris climate agreement? Here's what you need to know In 2016, the Paris Agreement marked a turning point in the battle against climate change. World leaders from across the globe united for the first time in history to legally ratify action against pollution through the United Nations Framework Convention. Throughout his presidential campaign, however, Donald Trump had promised to reverse the United States' green energy policies. Today, he is poised to sever those ties - rescinding the pledge offered by the US at the Paris Accords. WIRED​ ​06.17​ ​–​ ​on​ ​sale​ ​now In our redesigned June issue we reveal how Russia hacked the internet and what the west needs to do now. We meet the kids of social media and journey to the factory line to see how robots pack your Ocado order. Out in print and digital. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 319: Nokia hype, Facebook moderation Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Science Apple Climate Change Antarctica Elon Musk WIRED Awake Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 18 June WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 18 June By WIRED Business 18 Jun 2015 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 1 June WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 1 June By WIRED Renewable Energy 01 Jun 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 By WIRED Wired Awake 28 Jun 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 29 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 29 By WIRED Wired Awake 29 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular London Bridge driver 'headed straight towards me': Eyewitnesses recount horrific moments - 02:24 UK PM May says "enough is enough" in approach to UK terror threat - 01:32 Griffin says Trumps trying to ruin her - 01:30 Images of May - 02:02 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal - 01:53 California to lead state level movement to ignore Trump climate exit - 01:46 U.S. job growth sharply slows - 01:10 'Make our planet great again': France's Macron rebukes Trump - 02:42 Dashcam video shows Tiger Woods' DUI arrest - 01:51 Trump pits U.S. vs. world in climate pact pullout - 02:18 Mattis presses China on North Korea, South China Sea - 00:43 Warren Buffett's buy list - 01:17 Techquity: Apple vs. Samsung, Microsoft's latest EU issue Tuesday, March 26, 2013 - 03:25 Mar 26 - Latest data on the battle between Apple and Samsung, plus another group files a complaint with European regulators against Microsoft. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript One Smart connected devices for every seven people on earth. Latest data from IDC shows one billion Smartphones tablets desktop and laptop PCs shipped. In 2012 the total value nearly 600 billion dollars. The growth rate 29% year over year fueled by nearly 80% jump in tablet shipments. Growth expected to remain more than 20% this year before slowing by 2017. In the fourth quarter apple that it Samsung's heels iPhone 5 iPad -- helping Smart pitcher come within one percentage point at its Korean competitor which leads the pack. But apple focuses on higher end products lifting its percentage of worldwide revenues above 30%. Way ahead of Samsung. Annals have been clamoring for a low end iPhone from apple open boosted results and emerging markets some see one coming out later this year. IDC data shows those emerging markets -- the place to be for Smartphones. Growth rates there are about triple that of mature markets. Now I can buy that I thought it. T-Mobile the last major carrier to sell out. You'll pay a lot more of that and the other phones it offers but a lot less for its mobile plans and you won't get locked into a contract. He mobile is the first major US carrier to scrap phone subsidies. But it's also -- service contracts. An offering cheaper service plans and a bid to separate itself from the rest of the pack which typically offers subsidized phones and a two year contracts. Also hopes will help expand customer defections now consumers will pay for their phone and monthly payments over two years. Source Samsung galaxy S three will set you back a total of 550 dollars instead of the 200 bucks a rival carriers. But the monthly service plans are much cheaper and T-Mobile says that'll save consumers 1000 dollars over two years compared with AT&T. Be here Agee analyst Walter high success T-Mobile is branding itself as the low priced option. It says its customers will pay less altogether than those of Verizon and AT&T. In our best and the rest Microsoft facing another complaint in Europe this time it is from a Spanish association representing open source software users. 8000 members struck his -- Linux. The complaint with the European Commission that says Microsoft has made it difficult for uses of computers sold with -- windows eight platform. To switch to Linux and other operating systems Microsoft and the EC were not available for comment. Earlier this month the commission fine Microsoft more than 700 million dollars for failing to offer users a choice of web browsers. Shares of mr. softy roughly flat today you're twenty bucks. Soaring inspiring time our look at movers sewing is -- -- Raymond James raised its rating on the Internet communications company stock to market perform from underperform. Saying the company could deal likely acquisition target for oracle shares up 4%. And sputtering is Telecom Italian traders citing a Merrill Lynch downgrade for its weakness. US listed shares down more than 5%. That's kept putting this Tuesday remember you can follow us on Twitter RT IRS tends. I'm Fred Katayama this week. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://in.reuters.com/video/2013/03/26/techquity-apple-vs-samsung-microsofts-la?videoId=241860916&videoChannel=2602 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=241860916" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Techquity: Apple vs. Samsung, Microsoft's latest EU issue Tuesday, March 26, 2013 - 03:25 Top News » Travelers flying from L.A. to London say... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Seven killed in London Bridge attack Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:46) Mayor of London calls London Bridge attackers... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:28) Militants stage deadly attack in London Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (2:17) Multiple terror attacks strike London Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) UK armed police respond to multiple incidents... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:40) Trump's Paris pullout fuels optimism in West... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:50) Colombia peace deal security gains will take... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:26) German officials give the all clear to concert... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:12) France's Macron welcomes India's Modi at... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (0:41) May and Corbyn get a grilling from voters Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:53) NYC's Bloomberg tells Macron U.S. cities will... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:36) Business » Tech leads Wall Street higher Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:19) 'Mom and pop' investors drive Bitcoin surge in... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Wal-Mart tests new delivery program Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:22) Blue Apron files for IPO Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Convergex's Nick Colas: stocks will grind... Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (4:27) Breakingviews TV: Ode to "Sgt. Pepper’s" Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (4:13) Linde, Praxair set to create global gases... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:16) The economy is improving, says Ben Lau of... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (3:59) Robocop joins Dubai police force Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:09) Turning tyres into tables in Senegal Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:39) World stocks hit record high Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:23) Trump angers allies by abandoning climate pact Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:57) Rough Cuts » Two Australian citizens caught up in London... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:08) Cygnus cargo craft departs from space station Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:55) People leave London security area with hands... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:39) Van hits pedestrians on London Bridge: witness Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:48) Real Madrid fans celebrate team's Champions... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:58) Panic in Turin after scuffle amongst soccer... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Trump 'believes the climate is changing':... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:43) Protesters in D.C. "March for Truth" Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:06) "Make America white again": Trump supporter at... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) NYC's Bloomberg tells Macron U.S. cities will... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:36) U.N. expands North Korea blacklist in first... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:15) EPA Chief Pruitt says humans contribute to... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:33) Technology » Cygnus cargo craft departs from space station Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:55) Robocop joins Dubai police to fight real life... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (0:53) Smart algorithm builds 'living' 3D model of... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:56) Huge twin-fuselage Stratolaunch plane leaves... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Japanese facial recognition system tightens... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:11) The tiny organism that could help feed the... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (2:00) 'See-through' ladybird shell reveals... Tue, 30 May, 2017 - (1:30) Graphene sieve could make sea water drinkable Tue, 30 May, 2017 - (1:53) 3D-printed turbine blades a 'breakthrough',... Sun, 28 May, 2017 - (2:02) Electric shocks 'improve' dried herbs taste Sun, 28 May, 2017 - (1:22) Britain's "Iron Man" breaks his own jet-suit... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:05) Brazilian doctors use fish skin to treat burn... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:00) Oddly Enough » From fear of water to gold, Bosnian armless... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:25) A startup that's turning bread into beer Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:36) Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Entertainment » Bill Cosby’s sex assault trial set to begin on... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:13) Live from Havana's John Lennon park, Cubans... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:06) The Beatles' 'Sgt Pepper' turns 50 Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Lebanon refuses to marvel at Wonder Woman Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:21) Jennifer Garner disowns post-Affleck dating... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) Julianne Moore helps promote National Gun... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:13) Tickets for Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) Dutch Queen Maxima talks with Vietnamese... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:48) Sri Lanka residents return 20 beached whales... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (0:30) U.S. spelling bee features youngest competitor Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:48) Lebanese ministry bans Wonder Woman film Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:53) 'Saturday Night Fever' dancefloor up for sale Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (0:59) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News UK now the worst-performing advanced economy in the world after post-Brexit vote slump Canada became the last G7 nation to report figures on Wednesday, confirming the UK’s position at the bottom of the list Ben Chapman Thursday 1 June 2017 18:06 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Just a year ago, prior to the Brexit vote, the UK economy was flying high, outgrowing Germany, Japan and the US EPA The UK is now the worst-performing advanced economy in the world, with growth slumping to just 0.2 per cent in the first three months of the year.  It means Britain is bottom of the G7 group of advanced economies, while Canada has surged to the top, with an expansion of 0.9 per cent in the period. After Canada became the last G7 nation to report figures on Wednesday, the UK’s position at the bottom of the list was confirmed. Before the Brexit vote, just under a year ago, the UK economy was flying high, outgrowing Germany, Japan and the US. Read more Bank of England keeps interest rates on hold and cuts growth forecast Shop prices fall in May but food prices rise as inflation bites UK inflation increases unexpectedly to 2.7% in April Now Britain is languishing alongside Italy, whose economy also grew at 0.2 per cent in the first quarter of the year. Behind Canada at the top is Germany with 0.6 per cent growth, followed by Japan with 0.5 per cent, France on 0.4 per cent and the US at 0.3 per cent.  The UK economy had initially held up better than expected in the months since last June’s Brexit vote, as consumer spending remained strong. However, signs of a deterioration have been gathering as Theresa May readies herself to begin divorce talks with fellow EU leaders. Inflation jumped unexpectedly to 2.7 per cent for the year in April, thanks to a dramatic slump in the pound which has made imports more expensive. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 2/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 3/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 4/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 5/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 6/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 7/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 8/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 9/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 10/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 11/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 12/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 13/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 14/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 15/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 16/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 17/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 18/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 19/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 20/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 21/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 22/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 23/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 24/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 25/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 26/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 27/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 28/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 29/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty Price increases are now outpacing wages according to the latest Office for National Statistics data. As a result, shoppers may soon have to rein in the spending that has kept the economy afloat, experts say. Earlier this month the Bank of England downgraded its growth forecast for 2017 to 1.9 per cent. By contrast, Canada’s economy is on course to register a 3.7 per cent expansion, according to the country's national statistics agency.  More about: UK Economy Brexit Canada Inflation Pound Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for June 01, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed $2.7 Million for Peer-to-Peer Travel Booking Platform TRVL to Turn Travelers into Travel Agents Founder of Apple-acquired company raised $2.7m. TRVL is turning people into travel agents the way Airbnb is turning people into hosts and Uber is turning people into drivers. YouTube Video Think of TRVL as TripAdvisor with an earning model     AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS, June 01, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- TRVL is the brainchild of Jochem Wijnands, who sold his previous company Prss to Apple in 2014, where it became Apple News. TRVL has been in beta testing over the last year and has opened to the public in May. For the first time, anyone can act as an amateur travel agent and earn a commission of up to 10% on every booking, for themselves or for others. Wijnands: "Today, when you're researching and planning a trip for yourself or the people you travel with, you're essentially doing the work of a travel agent. But you don't get rewarded for it." Wijnands: "TRVL is tapping into the unmatched experience and passion of thousands of travelers worldwide. By open sourcing travel we're introducing a service level to online travel bookings that is missing today." Wijnands: "Think of TRVL as TripAdvisor with an earning model, where you can get travel advice, on demand. We believe TRVL will change the way millions of people will book their trips online." Dropbox folder of TRVL's Press material TRVL's COO is Arthur Hoffman, an industry veteran who set up businesses for Expedia in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and India. FUNDING TRVL raised a total of 2.5 million euro (2.7 million dollar) from the angel investors that funded Prss before it was acquired by Apple. The money is used to develop the product, to build the core team and deliver proof of concept. TRVL is headquartered in Amsterdam and employs 12 people. POWER TO THE TRAVELER TRVL's mission is to make travel better by empowering travelers HOW IT WORKS Signing up as a TRVL Agent is free, and it only takes seconds. TRVL Agents can: 1. Book trips for themselves and the people they're traveling with 2. Recommend, and share trips with others 3. Run their own customizable travel booking website Contact: Jochem Wijnands 31653453135 Email Us Here # # # Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Jochem Wijnands TRVL Amsterdam, Noord Holland Netherlands Voice: 31653453135 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Videos Gallery Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Opinion Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Monday, Jun 05, 2017 | Last Update : 09:36 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Technology Lifestyle Videos Gallery Business More... Opinion Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, Gadgets Apple’s Siri speaker heads into production, could debut next month at WWDC DECCAN CHRONICLE. Published Jun 1, 2017, 11:53 am IST Updated Jun 1, 2017, 2:26 pm IST Apple has started manufacturing of Siri-voiced smart speaker, according to reports.  The Siri-voiced speaker could reportedly be revealed during the Apple developer's conference slated to kick off on June 5. So far Apple’s digital voice assistant can only be heard on the company’s handset products, but soon a new speaker “Designed by Apple in California” will be voiced by Siri. The speaker has already headed into production by the Cupertino-based technology giant and could be revealed on the firm’s annual developer’s conference WWDC (Worldwide Developer’s Conference) scheduled to kick off on June 5. However, the device is not expected to be release anytime sooner after its launch. According to people familiar with the matter, even if it is unveiled at WWDC this month, it will not be ready to ship until later this year. KGI Securities analysts Ming-Chi Kuo, one of the most reliable Apple seer around, had hinted about a smarter version of Siri—a smart speaker which will operate on Apple digital voice assistant Siri to take on Amazon Echo and Google Home. He said, “We believe there is an over 50 per cent chance that Apple will announce its first home AI product at WWDC in June and start selling in the second half of 2017 in order to compete with the new Amazon Echo models to be launched.” The device is said to differ from Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers by offering virtual sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup. According to Kuo, the smart speaker will have “excellent acoustics performance” from one woofer and seven tweeters and computing powers similar to iPhone 6/6s AP. The device would be positioned for the “high-end market,” “better entertainment experience” and could cost “higher” than Amazon Echo, that is, more than $179. If Apple brings in the smart speaker, it is speculated to serve a tough competition to the already established products like Amazon Echo in home assistants market. Introduction of the Siri-speaker is believed to beneficial for Apple itself for two reasons: One, it will provide a hub to automate home appliances via Apple HomeKit system. Second, it will help Apple locking customers into its own network services inside home. Other than this, Apple is also expected to unveil its latest product software during the keynote, including iOS 11, the latest version of macOS, and updates to watchOS and tvOS. Apple sometimes does use the platform to unveil some of its hardware products too. Rumours suggest Apple might launch a new 10.5-inch iPad, a refreshed version of iPad Pro and updated MacBook Pro computers. Tags: apple, siri, digital assistant, smart speaker ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Daredevil Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him   Citizen scientists uncover cold new world near Sun   Stunning 70-year-old granny is going viral for her ageless beauty and fitness   ICC Champions Trophy: ‘Psychic’ Lahore camel predicts Pakistan win vs India; video   Pay Rs 75000 to passenger for occupied seat: Consumer forum to Indian Railway   B Sai Praneeth overcomes Christie challenge to win Thailand Open ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Gadgets Apple’s iPad Pro could use the Trackpad too HoloKit is similar to Google Cardboard for Augmented Reality Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Andy Rubin's Essential working on a Google-like smart glass ASUS unveils VivoBook Max X541 at Rs 31,990 ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:06 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeNews Bad Apple? Introducing the North Korean 'iPad' Published time: 1 Jun, 2017 06:04 Edited time: 3 Jun, 2017 18:27 Get short URL North Korean leader Kim Jong Un © Reuters / Reuters North Korean tech company Myohyang IT has launched an advertising campaign to promote its newest tablet, dubbed the ‘Ryonghung iPad.’ However, unlike the much better known Apple device, this tablet only has 40 apps to choose from and 8GB of storage. TrendsViral The Ryonghung iPad, whose name just might have been ripped off, is equipped with a keyboard and allows users to work with documents, as well as “read different sources of digital information,” the advertisement says. Promotional materials for the device appeared in Foreign Trade magazine’s latest issue, NK News reports. However, despite its impressive characteristics, the state-owned company credited with creating the Apple knockoff will find it challenging to market internationally, as its name infringes on the tech giant’s trademark. Latest iPad model emerges from North Korea. (Seen in Foreign Trade magazine) pic.twitter.com/5I3UcGHp4O— Tongil Tours (@TongilTours) 30 мая 2017 г. Gadget lovers might be disappointed to find that the original Apple tablet and its North Korean doppelganger have little in common when it comes to technical features. While the latest addition to Apple’s tablet line, the iPad Pro, comes with 32GB, 128GB, or 256GB of storage, the North Korean-made device is no match, offering only 8GB of storage space, though it can be expanded up to 24GB with the help of an SD card. Read more Kim Jong Jobs: New North Korean OS goes all Mac - report The difference in the number of apps available on the Myohyang tablet and the iPad is no less startling. With more than 1 million apps available for download from the Apple store, the original iPad easily beats out the 40 pre-installed apps on the Ryonghung “invention.” Some apps for the Ryonghung iPad also come on an SD card. While that might seem old-fashioned, the company claims that one of these apps “can diagnose up to 1,200 ailments.” Other apps listed include a calculator, dictionaries, and a farming app.   The device, which was first unveiled at North Korea’s intellectual property expo in 2016, has reportedly grown popular among North Koreans since then, the advertisement claims. The Ryonghung iPad is said to be an updated version of a device dubbed the “Ryonghung-trademarked tablet computer” that came out in 2013, albeit without the reference to its apparent Apple prototype. This is not the first time the North Korean tech industry has been caught emulating or drawing inspiration from Apple products. Back in 2014, it was reported that the reclusive country’s operating system, Red Star OS, which was devised by the Pyongyang-based Korea Computer Center (KCC), bears a striking resemblance to Apple’s Mac OS. Yet, while the system looks like MAC software, it is said to be based on Linux. The country’s leader, Kim Jong-un, is a long-time Apple fan. A photo from February 2016 shows Kim with what looks like an Apple MacBook Pro. Kim Jong Un might switch from MacBook Pro to Surface Laptop.#surface#surfacelaptop#macbook#macbookpro#kimjongun#金正恩#NorthKoreapic.twitter.com/wwBa1Szh96— おむすびぃ▲ (@omusubi_p) 26 мая 2017 г. Kim jong-un a un MacBook mais par contre un téléphone avec fil... #northkoreapic.twitter.com/YvAibTLONs— Julian Brada (@PingilPong) 21 июня 2014 г. The dictator’s love for Mac devices has been known at least since 2013, when a photo was published by North Korea’s state news agency, in which Kim could be seen sitting with an iMac on his desk. North Korea: Kim Jong-un hates the United States but loves his MacBook https://t.co/plf5imq7gkpic.twitter.com/7M9Et2nyIr— IBTimesUK Technology (@IBTimesUKTech) 12 февраля 2016 г. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats more from #Siri WWDC 2017: Here's what Apple has in store for this year's event WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon's Alexa WWDC 2017: Siri speaker gets confirmed, but its appeal may be limited Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: Siri speaker gets confirmed, but its appeal may be limited By tech2 News Staff /  01 Jun 2017 , 11:13 #Siri Not many would be expecting another smart speaker or home hub to enter the market especially after the third major one was announced yesterday by Android founder, Andy Rubin. But according to a new report by Bloomberg, Apple has one in store as well and it has already entered production, ahead of its expected World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 announcement, to be held on 5 June. If you were not aware, there has been news about Siri formally entering your home in the form of a smart speaker. So after your pocket, your wrist and your desk, Apple’s Siri could soon be available in your bedroom, hall and kitchen as well. According to the report, Apple could debut the speaker at its WWDC event, which takes place on 5 June. The Siri speaker however, will not start shipping until later in the year, said a source familiar with the matter. The Amazon Echo Show smart speaker. Image Credit: Amazon What will Apple bring to the game that was started by Amazon with its Echo (and now the Echo Show) and then followed up by Google with Home? Apple is planning to include better sound with better hardware. It is expected to offer virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with the rest of Apple’s product lineup. This means that Apple’s Siri speaker will directly speak to the Apple products in your home (which should include Apple TV) and connect with the built in services by Apple as well. This would include services like Apple’s HomeKit system for controlling connected appliances and products, along with the popular Apple Music streaming service that also has video programming on its agenda this year. According to the same sources, the new smart speaker will be manufactured by Inventec Corp. The OEM based in Taipei has seemed to have secured the contract after taking in Apple’s AirPod wireless headphones last year. While Apple seems to have a plan, it success with gadgets that enter your home has been not been too inspiring. AppleTV is one such product that has yet to make dent in the industry. AppleTV sales have kept declining for a while now and as per eMakreter’s data (via Cult of Mac) and is currently used by only 11.9 percent of connected TV consumers. And openness could be the reason for the same as Google’s humble Chromecast seemed to be doing a lot better at 19.9 (up from 18.4 percent) in September 2016. More importantly, Apple needs to make Siri smarter. While making its services like Apple Maps (with navigation), News and Apple Pay available to more countries. With Google already launching Google Assistant on iOS, Google indeed seems to have completed the circle in the iOS ecosystem, with an app available for every one of its Android services on a competitor’s platform. Either Apple needs to follow suit or simply better its app offerings in comparison to its competitors. And this will need to be done in order to give Apple customers the world over, a reason to own a Siri smart speaker. Else the Siri speaker at launch will be as closed and as unsuccessful as the Apple TV. You can find all our coverage on Apple’s WWDC 2017 right here. Publish date: June 1, 2017 11:13 am| Modified date: June 1, 2017 11:13 am Tags: Apple, Apple Siri, Apple smart speaker, Apple TV, Siri Speaker, WWDC 2017, WWDC17 Also read WWDC 2017: Apple’s laptop range may get hardware upgrades to keep up with Microsoft’s Surface laptops WWDC 2017: Apple’s mobile OS is in need of an overhaul, here’s what we want to see in iOS 11 X Recommended For You WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done WWDC 2017: Apple starts sending invites to the press for the annual event scheduled for 5 June 2017 Study claims that Amazon has swept the US market with its Alexa-powered speakers Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Extremism Jun 5, 2017 Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet #EVM Jun 5, 2017 CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #hackathon Jun 5, 2017 BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines #WWDC 2017 Jun 5, 2017 WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ratehacker: June's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Dealhacker: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299, Includes 2 Free Games Ebay Australia's Biggest Sale Ever Is On Now Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Home 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave How To Build A Smart Home That Works How To Revive Dead Flowers 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: A Morning Martini Entertainment 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Travel Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Travel Hacker: Use The Qantas App To Find Hotels, Adventures, Cars And Great Offers The Complete Guide To Fixing Your Car's Paintjob Why You Should Give Your Car A Crappy Paint Job Health Is Alkaline Water Just A Way Of Making Expensive Pee? The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless What To Worry About This Week: Phones, Caffeine And Meditation Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Stop Chrome Crippling Your PC On Restart With Native Lazy Tabs The Best Stuff To Do On The Google Homepage (That Isn't Googling) Why It's Worth Paying For An Office Instead Of Working From Home I'm Eric O'Neill, Former Counterterrorism Operative, And This Is How I Work  Communicate Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Facebook Is Rumoured To Be Working On A Messaging App For Teens Organise Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Export Your Bookmarks From Delicious To Pinboard (Or Anywhere Else) The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career How To Clean Up Your Social Media Presence How To Maintain Your Skills During A Career Hiatus Are Robots Going To Steal Your Job? The Best Way To Follow Up After A Job Interview Business Travel US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Security Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: GO1.com's Andrew Barnes Five One-Hour Routines That Will Improve Your Life As A Freelancer Australian Small Business Tax Calendar: Key Dates For 2016/2017 The Deceptively Simple Workspace IT Pro Cloud OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing IT Career How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions I'm Calling BS On The IT Skills Shortage Intel Australia Looking For A New Boss ACS Report Finds ICT Benefits Under Threat IT Security Trello Scrambles To Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service To Store Passwords Roundup: The Best iOS VPN Solutions OneLogin Data Breach May Have Revealed Encrypted Data Have You Been Impacted By The OneLogin Breach? Developer Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster AlphaGo Just Trounced Humanity's Last Hope Grab 36 Free O'Reilly Programming eBooks Covering Python, Java And C++ Deployment How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Microsoft Teases Windows 10 Pro For Advanced PCs What We Can Learn From The Failure Of Windows Vista Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off The Case For The Touchscreen Mac Anthony Caruana Jun 1, 2017, 3:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple Australian Stories mac touch screens Share Image: Supplied Next week, Apple will be running its annual developer shindig, the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC). This is the event we get to see the next versions of Apple's operating systems. Apple now has four distinct hardware platforms, each running its own OS. Traditional computers get macOS, phones and tablets get iOS, watches get watchOS and tvOS looks after the company's set-top box hobby. But what if this year's WWDC is the start of a consolidation, with iOS and macOS pulling back together? When the first iPhone was released, its software was a new set of modifications to the Darwin Unix distribution that OS X (later renamed macOS) came from. In that sense, iOS is really a fork from macOS. The two computing platforms share a common foundation. This week, according to French site Consomac, Apple registered some new product numbers that fit into the Mac and iPad product lines. apple is usually very coy about making announcements or commenting on unreleased products (their "Apple doesn't comment..." response to media is well known). But given the success of 2-in-1 computers with business and consumer users, and how Windows 10 has filled the breach between tablet and traditional computer devices, it would not be surprising to see Apple push back into that space. Over the last few years, we've seen both macOS and iOS lose some of their 3D styling with buttons, window design and other UI elements becoming flatter. macOS also has Launchpad, which looks a lot like an iOS home-screen lending further support to the potential for a touchscreen Mac. Whether that starts with portable of desktop systems is anyone's guess. The Surface Studio is a sensational device and I'm sure there are a few designers in Cupertino smarting over how Microsoft has kicked their arses with that design. My gut feeling is Apple is going to release a new platform next week, one that brings touchscreen capability to macOS. What do you think? WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments whatgift @whatgift Jun 1, 2017, 8:36pm As long as Apple are still pushing out new iPad models it won't happen, a touchscreen Mac will kill the demand for them. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians Tooran Alizadeh 05 Jun 2017 11:15 AM Eight years into the Australian government’s National Broadband Network (NBN) project, the nation has an average internet speed – 50th in the global rankings – that lags well behind many advanced economy countries. Ongoing secrecy around the NBN, a project that’s likely to cost more than A$50 billion, makes it impossible for the public in most cases to know when and what quality service they will receive. Further, new research shows the NBN rollout was politically motivated and socioeconomically biased from the beginning. It is perhaps time to remind ourselves of the ups and downs of the project that was once announced as a dream national infrastructure project for the 21st century. This requires a ten-year journey back in time, before we can figure out what needs to be done next. Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Chris Jager 05 Jun 2017 12:15 PM Foxtel's legal crusade against online piracy has intensified, with the company applying to add 127 additional URLs to its proposed block list in Federal Court. The new sites under the ban hammer include YesMovies, Vumoo, LosMovies, CartoonHD, Project Free TV 1, Torlock and 1337x. Here is the full list. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drive Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Trending Articles 1 How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians 2 Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 3 How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia FinTech Australia just cleaned out its board, and appointed six new directors Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Apple started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. By: Bloomberg | Published:June 1, 2017 11:08 am Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Amazon Apple WWDC 2017 Google No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
');//--> } Home Invest with Barry Speaking Book Contact WWDC: 13 Million Nerds Apple’s Counting On May 31, 2017 7:00pm by Barry Ritholtz   This is very interesting, via Bloomberg: Investment managers are doubling down on the hottest stocks of 2017 — and it’s paying off. Funds tracked by Bank of America Corp. own the highest percentage of technology stocks on record compared to their benchmark. It’s a sector that’s carried U.S. stocks to new highs, leading the S&P 500 Index with a nearly 20 percent gain in 2017. And it’s giving active managers a boost they haven’t seen in more than two years. Of course, not all technology stocks are created equal. The returns in tech are top-heavy, dominated by Facebook Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Netflix Inc. and Google’s parent Alphabet Inc., also known as the FANG stocks, as well as Apple Inc. Those five companies alone account for more than a quarter of the S&P 500’s advance this year. Here is the write up at Soundcloud: If you own an iPhone, chances are you’ve used Apple’s App Store to buy and download apps. For years, while iPhones were flying off the shelves, Apple had the power to dictate the rules of how software developers all over the world made those apps– and made money from them. Now, with the global market for smartphones slowing, the iPhone maker is looking to sweeten its relationship with the 13 million developers it relies on to generate revenue from the App Store. The inner workings of Apple’s business are notoriously opaque, but this week Bloomberg Technology’s Alex Webb and Brad Stone take you into the world of the developers themselves, to hear what it’s actually been like to work with Apple– and to find out how the world’s most valuable company is trying to change that. Podcast:   The 13 Million Nerds That Apple’s Counting On Source: Investors Go All-In on Tech Giants   Spread the wealth. twitter facebook linkedin What's been said: Discussions found on the web: What I am reading today (31 May 2017) – FinSummary commented on Jun 1 […] The 13 million nerds and what they mean to Apple: Ritholtz […] Read this next. December 2, 2007 Goldman Sachs: Sell Tech Selectively February 14, 2017 Apple Makes New All Time Highs March 22, 2016 Does Apple Have a Big iPhone Problem? Posted Under Corporate Management Podcast Technology Valuation Previous Post World Population Density in 2015 Next Post Robots for the Long Haul About Barry Ritholtz   Barry L. Ritholtz is the co-founder and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. Launched in 2013, RWM is a... Read More Say Hello As Seen On Masters In Business Listen To My Podcast on iTunes Bloomberg View See My Bloomberg View Posts The Washington Post Read My Washington Posts Columns Bailout Nation How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Learn More... Search for: Quote of the Day Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country. Theodore Roosevelt Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe Categories Categories Select Category 401(k)  (42) Analysts  (33) Apprenticed Investor  (130) Asset Allocation  (84) Bad Math  (42) Bailout Nation  (25) Bailouts  (105) Blog Spotlight  (30) Bloomberg View  (183) Books  (119) Bubbles  (2) Cognitive Foibles  (81) Commodities  (309) Consumer Spending  (231) Contrary Indicators  (66) Corporate Management  (354) Credit  (529) Crony Capitalists  (6) Currency  (130) Current Affairs  (134) Cycles  (51) Data Analysis  (793) Derivatives  (258) Digital Media  (607) Dividends  (9) Earnings  (195) Economy  (1,657) Employment  (367) Energy  (197) ETFs  (26) Favorite  (1) Federal Reserve  (663) Film  (204) Finance  (1,015) Financial Press  (1,443) Fixed Income/Interest Rates  (259) Food and Drink  (15) Friday Night Jazz  (89) Gold & Precious Metals  (24) Hedge Funds  (90) Humor  (212) Index/ETFs  (47) Inflation  (430) Intellectual Property  (40) Investing  (1,025) IPOs  (5) Legal  (127) M&A  (55) Markets  (1,517) Mathematics  (38) Media  (630) MiB  (48) Music  (516) Mutual Funds  (18) Options  (6) Pension Funds  (3) Philanthropy  (8) Philosophy  (99) Podcast  (259) Politics  (824) Psychology  (1,145) Quantitative  (47) R&D  (3) Real Estate  (708) Really, really bad calls  (406) Regulation  (79) Research  (10) Retail  (187) RR&A  (47) Rules  (30) Science  (254) Sentiment  (26) Short Selling  (43) Sports  (29) Taxes and Policy  (246) Technical Analysis  (422) Technology  (330) Television  (167) Think Tank  (795) Trading  (474) Transports  (2) Travel  (27) Uncategorized  (190) UnGuru  (5) UnScience  (12) Valuation  (165) Venture Capital  (35) Video  (669) Wages & Income  (187) War/Defense  (124) Washington Post  (35) Wealth Management  (3) Web/Tech  (362) Weblogs  (415) Weekend  (338) Writing  (4) Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (20) May 2017  (171) April 2017  (155) March 2017  (164) February 2017  (139) January 2017  (162) December 2016  (164) November 2016  (160) October 2016  (163) September 2016  (158) August 2016  (162) July 2016  (168) June 2016  (159) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (159) March 2016  (171) February 2016  (171) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (167) November 2015  (174) October 2015  (192) September 2015  (210) August 2015  (200) July 2015  (218) June 2015  (174) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (176) March 2015  (181) February 2015  (156) January 2015  (161) December 2014  (176) November 2014  (184) October 2014  (194) September 2014  (199) August 2014  (217) July 2014  (221) June 2014  (217) May 2014  (200) April 2014  (213) March 2014  (212) February 2014  (190) January 2014  (222) December 2013  (218) November 2013  (213) October 2013  (242) September 2013  (227) August 2013  (247) July 2013  (246) June 2013  (238) May 2013  (248) April 2013  (298) March 2013  (297) February 2013  (300) January 2013  (350) December 2012  (373) November 2012  (371) October 2012  (345) September 2012  (328) August 2012  (384) July 2012  (390) June 2012  (395) May 2012  (392) April 2012  (358) March 2012  (411) February 2012  (370) January 2012  (369) December 2011  (413) November 2011  (438) October 2011  (388) September 2011  (392) August 2011  (398) July 2011  (384) June 2011  (399) May 2011  (377) April 2011  (359) March 2011  (405) February 2011  (315) January 2011  (376) December 2010  (327) November 2010  (333) October 2010  (313) September 2010  (300) August 2010  (283) July 2010  (300) June 2010  (351) May 2010  (329) April 2010  (352) March 2010  (369) February 2010  (314) January 2010  (338) December 2009  (356) November 2009  (344) October 2009  (438) September 2009  (367) August 2009  (396) July 2009  (467) June 2009  (380) May 2009  (365) April 2009  (298) March 2009  (322) February 2009  (376) January 2009  (441) December 2008  (399) November 2008  (451) October 2008  (248) September 2008  (232) August 2008  (189) July 2008  (205) June 2008  (192) May 2008  (189) April 2008  (179) March 2008  (168) February 2008  (143) January 2008  (153) December 2007  (129) November 2007  (124) October 2007  (118) September 2007  (107) August 2007  (119) July 2007  (89) June 2007  (97) May 2007  (105) April 2007  (91) March 2007  (96) February 2007  (89) January 2007  (91) December 2006  (104) November 2006  (92) October 2006  (101) September 2006  (93) August 2006  (107) July 2006  (95) June 2006  (111) May 2006  (110) April 2006  (98) March 2006  (120) February 2006  (106) January 2006  (117) December 2005  (95) November 2005  (84) October 2005  (108) September 2005  (86) August 2005  (88) July 2005  (94) June 2005  (116) May 2005  (125) April 2005  (96) March 2005  (79) February 2005  (66) January 2005  (66) December 2004  (58) November 2004  (64) October 2004  (56) September 2004  (53) August 2004  (66) July 2004  (51) June 2004  (65) May 2004  (75) April 2004  (76) March 2004  (95) February 2004  (75) January 2004  (57) December 2003  (50) November 2003  (54) October 2003  (74) September 2003  (64) August 2003  (60) July 2003  (34) June 2003  (9) May 2003  (8) April 2003  (9) March 2003  (2) November 2002  (1) September 2002  (1) August 2002  (1) October 2001  (3) September 2001  (4) August 2000  (1) January 1998  (1) August 1979  (1) April 206  (1) July 3  (1) About The Big Picture FAQ What the Press Says Terms of Use Legal Disclosures © 2017 The Big Picture Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe
English   Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Client Resources Login Home Solutions Audience Analytics Overview Xmedia StationView Essentials TV Essentials Media Metrix Multi-Platform Video Metrix Multi-Platform More Activation Overview Advertising Analytics Overview validated Campaign Essentials Viewability Action Lift Brand Survey Lift Branded Entertainment More Movies Worldwide Overview Box Office Essentials International Box Office Essentials PostTrak PreAct Swift Industries Overview Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Type Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars Themes Digital Media Mobile Social Advertising TV/Video Cross-Platform Movies Commerce Stay Connected Social Email About Overview comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Overview Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Login English Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Insights comScore Reports July 2013 U.S. Smartphone Subscriber Market Share Press Release comScore Reports July 2013 U.S. Smartphone Subscriber Market Share Smartphone Penetration Surpasses 60 Percent in U.S. Mobile Phone Market RESTON, VA, September 6, 2013  – comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCOR), a leader in measuring the digital world, today released data from comScore MobiLens and Mobile Metrix, reporting key trends in the U.S. smartphone industry for July 2013. Apple ranked as the top smartphone manufacturer with 40 percent OEM market share, while Google Android led as the #1 smartphone platform with 52 percent platform market share. Google Sites ranked as the top mobile media property, while Facebook was the top individual app. Smartphone OEM Market Share 143.3 million people in the U.S. owned smartphones (60 percent mobile market penetration) during the three months ending in July, up 3 percent since April. Apple ranked as the top OEM with 40.4 percent of U.S. smartphone subscribers (up 1.2 percentage points from April). Samsung ranked second with 24.1 percent market share (up 2.1 percentage points), followed by HTC with 8 percent, Motorola with 6.9 percent and LG with 6.8 percent. Top Smartphone OEMs 3 Month Avg. Ending Jul. 2013 vs. 3 Month Avg. Ending Apr. 2013 Total U.S. Smartphone Subscribers Age 13+ Source: comScore MobiLens   Share (%) of Smartphone Subscribers Apr-13 Jul-13 Point Change Total Mobile Subscribers 100.0% 100.0% N/A Apple 39.2% 40.4% 1.2 Samsung 22.0% 24.1% 2.1 HTC 8.9% 8.0% -0.9 Motorola 8.3% 6.9% -1.4 LG 6.7% 6.8% 0.1 Smartphone Platform Market Share Android ranked as the top smartphone platform in July with 51.8 percent market share, followed by Apple with 40.4 percent (up 1.2 percentage points), BlackBerry with 4.3 percent, Microsoft with 3 percent and Symbian with 0.3 percent. Top Smartphone Platforms 3 Month Avg. Ending Jul. 2013 vs. 3 Month Avg. Ending Apr. 2013 Total U.S. Smartphone Subscribers Age 13+ Source: comScore MobiLens   Share (%) of Smartphone Subscribers Apr-13 Jul-13 Point Change Total Smartphone Subscribers 100.0% 100.0% N/A Android 52.0% 51.8% -0.2 Apple 39.2% 40.4% 1.2 BlackBerry 5.1% 4.3% -0.8 Microsoft 3.0% 3.0% 0.0 Symbian 0.5% 0.3% -0.2 Top Smartphone Properties & Apps Google Sites ranked as the top web property on smartphones, reaching 92.6 percent of the mobile media audience (mobile browsing and app usage), followed by Facebook (86.3 percent), Yahoo! Sites (81.7 percent) and Amazon Sites (66.8 percent). Facebook ranked as the top smartphone app, reaching 76.1 percent of the app audience, followed by five Google-owned apps: YouTube (53.7 percent), Google Play (53.6 percent), Google Search (53.5 percent), Google Maps (46.2 percent) and Gmail (45.0 percent). Top 15 Smartphone Properties & Apps July 2013 Total U.S. Smartphone Mobile Media Users, Age 18+ (iOS and Android Platforms) Source: comScore Mobile Metrix   Top 15 Properties % Reach Top 15 Apps % Reach   Smartphone Browsing + App Audience 100.0% Smartphone App Audience 100.0% 1     Google Sites 92.6%     Facebook (Mobile App) 76.1% 2     Facebook 86.3%     YouTube (Mobile App) 53.7% 3     Yahoo! Sites 81.7%     Google Play (Mobile App) 53.6% 4     Amazon Sites 66.8%     Google Search (Mobile App) 53.5% 5     Apple Inc. 50.2%     Google Maps (Mobile App) 46.2% 6     Microsoft Sites 45.2%     Gmail (Mobile App) 45.0% 7     AOL, Inc. 45.0%     Apple App Suite (Mobile App)* 43.9% 8     Wikimedia Foundation Sites 44.1%     Pandora Radio (Mobile App) 40.4% 9     Pandora.com 40.4%     Yahoo! Stocks (Mobile App) 31.2% 10     eBay 36.7%     Apple Maps (Mobile App) 27.9% 11     Turner Digital 33.8%     Instagram (Mobile App) 26.4% 12     Glam Media 31.4%     Yahoo! Weather Widget (Mobile App) 25.1% 13     CBS Interactive 30.1%     Voice Search (Mobile App) 22.4% 14     Weather Company, The 29.8%     Twitter (Mobile App) 21.3% 15     Twitter.com 29.0%     Facebook Messenger (Mobile App) 21.3% *Apple App Suite includes iTunes, Apple App Store, and Apple Game Center About comScore comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCOR) is a global leader in digital measurement and analytics, delivering insights on web, mobile and TV consumer behavior that enable clients to maximize the value of their digital investments. For more information, please visit www.comscore.com/companyinfo. Contact: Adam Lella comScore, Inc. +1 (312) 775-6474 press@comscore.comFollow @comScore   More about Android Apple Apps Google Mobile Operators Samsung Smartphone Stay connected Join Our Email List Get Our Mobile App Related Products Mobile Metrix comScore Mobile Metrix® captures total mobile audience behavior on browsers and apps across smartphones and tablets. With Mobile Metrix, publishers can demonstrate the value... Learn More Related Insights Presentation State of the U.S. Online Retail Economy in Q1 2017 Presentation Mobile's Hierarchy of Needs Webinar Video comScore Expanding Total Home Cross Screen Measurement Blog U.S. iPhone Ownership Reaches All-Time High on Strength of iPhone... You are here: Home Insights Press Releases 2013 September comScore Reports July 2013 US Smartphone Subscriber Market Share Solutions Audience Analytics Activation Advertising Analytics Movies Worldwide Industries Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars About comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Stay connected Have Questions? Contact me now © 2017 comScore, Inc. | Privacy Policy × Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Price Target at $16.89 Analysts Anticipate Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) to Announce -$0.50 EPS Cae Inc (CAE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results National Bank of Canada (NA) Posts Earnings Results Brokerages Expect Audentes Therapeutics Inc (BOLD) to Post ($0.76) EPS Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Enbridge (ENB) Stock Price Ctrip.Com International (CTRP) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact DTE Energy (DTE) Share Price $0.23 Earnings Per Share Expected for Finish Line Inc (FINL) This Quarter Analysts Expect Stone Energy Co. (SGY) to Post -$17.58 Earnings Per Share Raytheon Company (RTN) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Mohawk Industries (MHK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Installed Building Products (IBP) Stock Price Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19 The Medicines Company (MDCO) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Alstom SA (ALO) Target Price at $29.30 Brokerages Set Agile Therapeutics Inc (AGRX) Target Price at $10.50 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Receives $41.11 Consensus PT from Analysts Genius Brands International Inc (GNUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Traders Sell Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) on Strength on Insider Selling May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders sold shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on strength during trading hours on Tuesday after an insider sold shares in the company. $437.55 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $501.45 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $63.90 million out of the stock. Of all companies tracked, Apple had the 0th highest net out-flow for the day. Apple traded up $0.06 for the day and closed at $153.67Specifically, insider Johny Srouji sold 10,019 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $153.96, for a total transaction of $1,542,525.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 91,291 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,055,162.36. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total transaction of $10,041,300.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 430,705 shares of company stock valued at $64,608,919. 0.08% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $159.00 price objective (up from $152.00) on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Rosenblatt Securities reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $120.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 17th. FBN Securities boosted their target price on shares of Apple from $155.00 to $160.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $170.00 target price (up from $160.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $159.65. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $148.81 and a 200-day moving average price of $132.01. The stock has a market cap of $796.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.92 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a dividend of $0.63 per share. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.65%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is 27.31%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Apple by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 343,783,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $49,387,905,000 after buying an additional 6,237,609 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Apple by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 219,739,579 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $25,450,260,000 after buying an additional 4,301,005 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its position in Apple by 3.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 163,812,996 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $23,533,376,000 after buying an additional 5,830,423 shares in the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Apple by 6.9% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 54,540,368 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $7,824,791,000 after buying an additional 3,531,050 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,625,709,000. Institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/traders-sell-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl-on-strength-on-insider-selling.html. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone New iPhone 8 Render Puts it Side-by-Side with Current iPhones and Galaxy S8 By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 1, 2017 12:16 PM The last few weeks have been quite exciting for most Apple fans. There has been a flurry of iPhone 8 leaks ranging from renders to alleged schematics. Of course, these are meant to inform and excite hardcore Apple fanatics. While most leaks have shown what the tenth anniversary iPhone might look like, none of them have clearly shown how it compares to other phones in the market. Fortunately, the people at iDrop News were kind enough to show just how big, or small, the iPhone 8 will be. The comparison shows the iPhone 8 with the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. And from there, it can be seen that is is only slightly bigger than the iPhone 7. In addition to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, the upcoming flagship is also compared with the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+. Compared to the Galaxy S8, the display is slightly wider as it is taller. On the other hand, the iPhone 8 and the Galaxy S8+ are roughly the same width in display. iPhone 8 compared with iPhone 7 and 7 Plus (via idropnews.com) iPhone 8 compared with Galaxy S8 (via idropnews.com) Readers should note that these images are based on the iPhone 8 schematics that were leaked last week. As can be seen in all of the photos, the top most part of the screen has a cutout for the front 3D camera sensors as well as the speaker grilles and the infrared sensors. It should also be noted that these images are not to be confused with what Apple might envision the phone will be. Apple has remained tight-lipped with all the leaks that have gone out so far, as it always had been. Consumers should not expect an official comment from the company regarding these renderings for you will not be getting one. On the other hand, Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference is happening early next week. At the said event, the company is expected to announce its next iteration of iOS, the iOS 11. Perhaps there might be a chance, no matter haow slim it is, that Apple will show just a glimpse of the iPhone 8. However, do not take our word for it. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: PS5 2018 Release, Rumors: Should We Expect Next Console As Sony Cancels PS3 Production In Japan? New iPhone 8 Render Puts it Side-by-Side with Current iPhones and Galaxy S8 June 1st, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 size comparison, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple Siri Speaker To Get Official Unveiling Next Week; To Be Released Much Later Microsoft Working Closely with Three OEMs for Snapdragon 835-powered Windows 10 Machine PS5 2018 Release, Rumors: Should We Expect Next Console As Sony Cancels PS3 Production In Japan? Product Razer Blade Stealth ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station NVidia GTX 1070 Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Tekken 7 Juggle Combo Guide: Launchers, Enders, And Everything You Need To Know Destiny 2 E3 2017 Gameplay And Announcements: What To Expect From Bungie Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Ice And Fire Event Details Leaked, Unique Bonuses Detailed [Rumor] Niantic isn’t slowing down when it comes to surprises for Pokemon GO players as it looks... Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Civilization 6 Mac and Linux porter Aspyr Media has confirmed that a new update... Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Huawei Matebook X is company's first laptop and it's a total copy of Apple MacBook Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: JUN 01, 2017 New Delhi Email Author After tasting some success in the smartphone market, Huawei is looking at an expansion. That would explain the MateBook X, the Chinese company's first laptop. However, as it tends to happen with Huawei (and a few other Chinese companies) for its first device it has looked at Apple for some inspiration, copying the design of MacBook in the MateBook X. However, similar designs aside there is one major difference between the MateBook X and the Matebook. The Huawei laptop is powered by Windows whereas the Apple MacBook uses Apple's own macOS. In terms of design, the Huawei laptop not only looks very similar to the MacBook, with the similar edges, lid design and metal body but also seemingly copies the keyboard design and large trackpad from Apple's machine. The result is that the MateBook X looks like a very attractive laptop, although we must caution that good looks are no guarantee for good performance or features similar to what Apple offers in the MacBook. In the last few years, starting with Intel's Ultrabooks, we have seen again and again companies trying to copy Apple's laptop design but failing to match the high-standards that MacBooks set in the mobile computing. In terms of specifications, the MateBook X looks like a competent laptop. It has a 13-inch screen and weighs 1.05 kilograms. It also comes with a Core i7 processor, 512GB or 256GB internal storage, and 8GB or 4GB RAM. One highlight of the MateBook X that its screen has a high resolution of 1440P, which is something still a rarity in the 13-inch laptops. It also comes with a fingerprint scanner and it uses Windows 10 Home edition. For now Huawei hasn't announced the price of the MateBook X. Along with the X variant, the company has also announced the D variant (bigger) and E variant (cheaper with cheaper hardware). However, pricing and launch details of the all the laptops are not yet revealed. It is safe to assume that the MateBook X and the other laptops in the series will first hit the global markets. Although Huawei often brings its latest smartphones to India with some urgency, the company may not show the same for the MateBook considering the fact that premium laptop market in India is still relatively small. Also Read: Huawei P10 looks fine but has slow storage: Report Also Read: Huawei becomes the best Chinese smartphone manufacturer in Q1 2017 For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumour roundup: Dual camera, curved 4K display and no physical home button Recommended Reviews Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Essential Andy Rubin’s new company already got screwed by Apple Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 31st, 2017 at 5:31 PM Share Tweet Andy Rubin, the former Googler who founded Android, is no stranger to fighting with Apple. After all, he and his mobile platform have been locked in an unending battle with the iPhone for the last ten years. But even though his new company doesn’t have much to do with mobile operating systems, it’s already lost out because of Apple. During a talk yesterday evening, Rubin confirmed that Essential, his new company, lost out on a $100 million investment because of a perceived conflict with Apple. For a company that’s technically a startup, a $100 million investment is nothing to laugh at. Don't Miss: T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways Rubin basically confirmed a story first reported by the WSJ in March: Essential was close to a deal with SoftBank’s Vision Fund for a $100 million investment, which would have valued Rubin’s startup at $1 billion. The paperwork was reportedly in the final stages when SoftBank decided to pass, thanks to SoftBank’s ties to Apple. The Vision Fund is a $100 billion fund that invests in new technology, and Apple has previously put $1 billion into the fund. If the deal between Essential and SoftBank had gone through, that would’ve meant that Apple would have a (tiny) stake in a rival smartphone maker. Although Apple didn’t object to the investment, SoftBank didn’t want the conflict to happen. The deal mattered less for the money, and more for the platform that SoftBank could have provided. Essential found investment cash elsewhere, but SoftBank had promised a major marketing push for the new Essential smartphone in Japan. As is, Essential is launching worldwide with zero support for major carriers. It’s difficult to overstate how hard it is for a luxury smartphone manufacturer to crack the market in the US. Apple and Samsung have near-total control over the luxury smartphone market, thanks to the long-established recognition the two brands have. The only hope a competitor has is to sell through carriers: virtually no-one buys a smartphone up-front off the internet, so sales through carrier-owned retail stores are often the only physical push a new phone has. A deal with SoftBank could have given Essential an in. SoftBank is the second-largest carrier in Japan, and also owns Sprint. A deal might have pushed Essential as the new kid on the block through SoftBank’s retail stores, giving the phone at least a chance to take on Apple and Samsung. As is, it looks like the Essential smartphone — which appears to be technologically stunning — is an expensive, splashy way of launching Essential Home, the company’s smart home play. Internet-connected gadgets are all good, but the big money is still in smartphones, and I’m not sure Essential would have spent all the money to develop a new flagship and not bother working with any carriers. Reading between the lines, it seems like Apple’s mere reputation might have killed a new competitor before it launched one single product. Tags: Apple, Essential View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project By Yoni Heisler 11 hours ago Why Apple’s ‘Messages’ app won’t be coming to Android, now or ever By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple is reportedly working on Siri powered smart speaker to take on Amazon and Google In a bid to compete with Amazon and Google, Apple is working on a smart speaker that will be powered by Siri, according to a latest report from Bloomberg. Apple is expected to announce the smart speaker at WWDC 2017 next week but it will not ship the device until later in the year. T The smart speaker will use Siri, the voice assistant software on the iPhone and Mac. Citing people familiar with the matter, the report said the smart speaker will come without a touchscreen. It will have a superior sound quality thanks to the virtual surround sound technology which is not present on Google Home and Amazon Echo Show. It will come with Apple Music integration and function as a HomeKit hub. This will most likely allow users to ask Siri to turn on the lights, play a specific song or adjust the home temperature. Apple will also reportedly let third parties build services for it. The Siri speaker is being manufactured by Inventec, the same company that makes the Apple’s AirPods, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple’s WWDC 2017 conference is scheduled from June 5-9. Source "Apple is reportedly working on Siri powered smart speaker to take on Amazon and Google", 5 out of 5 based on 4 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on June 1, 2017June 1, 2017Categories Apple Post navigation Previous Previous post: Timex iQ+ Move Review Next Next post: OnePlus 3, 3T will get Android O update, confirms Pete Lau Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Skype gets a major upgrade with a new design, Highlights, better group chats and more Nokia 9 with Snapdragon 835, 13MP dual cameras, Android 7.1 surfaces in benchmarks Weekly Roundup: Essential Phone, Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Moto C, Nubia Z17 and more Nokia Android Phones launching on June 13, Moto Z2 Play announced and more – FoneArena Daily Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ announced, can charge devices up to 15% faster, 30% more efficiently compared to Quick Charge 4 iOS developer earnings from the App Store top $70 billion HMD Global schedules an event in India on June 13, Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 expected LG Pay mobile payment service launched in South Korea Asus Zenfone Live Review Moto C with 5-inch display, Android 7.0, 4G VoLTE launched in India for Rs. 5999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Sheriff-sees-drones-as-lifesaving-tool-11187193.php Sheriff sees drones as lifesaving tool Will be used for search and rescue, to survey danger spots By Rick Karlin Published 11:52 pm, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Begin Slideshow 5 Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Image 1of/5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Buy photo Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple launches their drone program for emergency responses during press briefing held at the John Boyd Thacher Park Tuesday May 31, 2017 in Voorheesville, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) less Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple launches their drone program for emergency responses during press briefing held at the John Boyd Thacher Park Tuesday May 31, 2017 in Voorheesville, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 2 of 5 Buy photo Inspector Lee Bormann demonstrates the use of drones and their infrared camera in different applications as the Albany County Sheriff's Office launches their drone program for emergency responses during press briefing held at the John Boyd Thacher Park Tuesday May 31, 2017 in Voorheesville, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) less Inspector Lee Bormann demonstrates the use of drones and their infrared camera in different applications as the Albany County Sheriff's Office launches their drone program for emergency responses during press ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 3 of 5 Buy photo Deputy Joe Guice of the Drone Unit, keeps an eye on one of the drones during a demonstration of the use of drones in different applications as the Albany County Sheriff's Office launches their drone program for emergency responses during press briefing held at the John Boyd Thacher Park Tuesday May 31, 2017 in Voorheesville, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) less Deputy Joe Guice of the Drone Unit, keeps an eye on one of the drones during a demonstration of the use of drones in different applications as the Albany County Sheriff's Office launches their drone program for ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 4 of 5 Aerial photo from a drone shows its launching area. (Albany County Sheriff's Department) Aerial photo from a drone shows its launching area. (Albany County Sheriff's Department) Photo: Karlin, Rick Image 5 of 5 Infrared photo taken from drone. (Albany County Sheriff's Department) Infrared photo taken from drone. (Albany County Sheriff's Department) Photo: Karlin, Rick Sheriff sees drones as lifesaving tool 1 / 5 Back to Gallery Voorheesville With the possibility that rock climbing may eventually be permitted on the sheer limestone cliffs that plummet below Thacher State Park, it was as good a place as any to demonstrate what the Albany County Sheriff's Office has in mind for its new pair of unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones. "We can cover a lot of ground," Sheriff Craig Apple said, minutes before one of the department's three certified pilots, Lee Borman, launched the drone, which is about the size of a beach ball and equipped with four rotors and an airframe that can carry a camera and a mechanical hand. Borman demonstrated how the drone could carry a rescue rope over the 100-foot cliffs just yards away. Or, using an infrared sensor, it could spot a lost hiker and drop a phone, water bottle or radio to the person, as rescuers use the onboard GPS software to pinpoint a location. The drones can also be valuable in winter if someone falls through ice in a lake or other body of water. Rather than having rescuers risk falling through the ice, a drone can fly a rescue line out from the safety of the shoreline. Drones also can hover over burning buildings to help see where there are hot spots or people who may be trapped, and they can dip into hazardous material spills with sensors to see if any toxins have been released. They can be equipped with radiation detectors as well. "You can only do so much with a chopper,'' said Apple, adding that the drones can provide assistance that keeps rescuers out of harm's way. But the drones are not equipped with weapons. Apple stressed their use as crime-fighting tools has limits, due to the evolving nature of case law regarding the legal use of a drone in a criminal investigation. If police want to use a drone to view a criminal suspect's property, for example, they may need a search warrant because of the invasive spying capabilities of the devices. "Case law is going to determine that down the road,'' Apple said. "There are a lot of legal grounds that will have to be tested in years to come." Still, Apple didn't rule out their use in criminal cases and said he could see the drones being useful in situations in which someone may barricade themselves in a structure or used traps intended to harm someone. Drones can also scan large crowds and keep an eye out for potential problems or disturbances. The sheriff's office has also flown drones over the Albany County jail, but they need special permission from the FAA since the facility is so close to the Albany International Airport – an area that is generally off limits to drones. Another possible use is helping to recreate auto accident scenes from an aerial vantage point, said Edward Capovani, a Scotia-based consultant who was at Wednesday's demonstration. The drones aren't overly expensive – the DJI Inspire 1 used by the sheriff's office, a model also popular among hobbyists and photographers, lists for less than $2,000. But accessories including chemical sensors, high-resolution or infrared cameras, as well as GPS mapping gear, can raise costs to near $20,000. Apple said their department is outfitting the drones with seized criminal assets. He noted the cost is still a fraction of the $1,000-plus per hour it can cost to keep a helicopter in the air. The sheriff's office is one of several law enforcement agencies flying drones these days. In May, several local and state agencies attended a Homeland Security training session in Oneida County and one of the exercises included using drones in a mock manhunt through a forest. A week ago, State Park Police and sheriff's deputies from Livingston County used a drone to help find a dog that was stuck halfway down the 400-foot-deep Letchworth State Park gorge. The drone was able to pinpoint the dog's location and a parks' officer was then lowered by rope to retrieve the canine. At Wednesday's demonstration, officials from the state Department of Corrections and Community Supervision as well as State Police attended along with representatives from the state parks and environmental conservation departments. Also on the scene was Emily Barrett, from the University at Albany's College of Emergency Preparedness, Homeland and Cyber Security. The school, which has attracted hundreds of students who want to learn about disaster response and security, is looking at developing courses in the use of drones, she said. Thacher Park has been the scene of several drone flights recently. The park has undergone renovations with a new visitors center and there are plans to possibly open rock climbing routes on the cliffs, which are known as the Helderberg Escarpment. It wasn't immediately clear when the climbing might be allowed. The drones aren't totally foolproof, and they can't always outwit Mother Nature. Apple said another agency was recently testing one at Thacher Park when a hawk swooped down and brought the machine to the ground. The drone came though relatively unscathed since, presumably, the raptor quickly realized it wasn't edible and lost interest, he added. rkarlin@timesunion.com • 518-454-5758 • @RickKarlinTU News Videos Most Popular 1 Fired police officer accuses small department of corruption 2 Suspect detained in Sunday afternoon Cohoes shooting 3 How to build a state trooper 4 Photos: 10 restaurants to visit in Albany 5 The Latest: Trump assails London mayor for reassuring public 6 Serious ATV crash in Washington County 7 Rivers Casino unveils new hotel name, logo View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Apple Valley: Some mail-in ballots returned to Measure F voters Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 8:54 PM May 31, 2017 at 8:54 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — An issue with a machine at the U.S. Post Office here has resulted in the return of some mail-in ballots for the June 6 special election on Measure F, sparking concern in the community. Apple Valley resident Carolyn Forston said both her and her husband’s ballots — postmarked May 27 — were returned Tuesday. “I thought I might have forgot to put a stamp on it, but it was all right,” Forston said. “The person helping me at the Post Office (on Wednesday) said, ‘You're the third one today.’” The returns worried Forston, who said many voters rely on mail-in ballots. “There are people out there who don't drive and that's why they have a mail-in ballot,” she said. “Because they don't have the means to take it in themselves. It doesn't say why it's returned, it's just returned. How would they know?” James Salley, customer service supervisor at the Post Office located off Highway 18, told the Daily Press one machine incorrectly read the barcodes on a small number of ballots. Those ballots were returned to voters. Salley described the situation as being “a luck of the draw” insofar as which ballots were processed incorrectly. “When it doesn’t read correctly, (the ballots are) being sent back (to the voters),” he said. “There’s no telling exactly what caused it … Better (for the voters) to bring it in themselves and drop it off.” A co-worker who handles a majority of the mail-in ballots said about 15 barcodes were read incorrectly, according to Salley, who added that he wasn’t aware of any voters dropping off mail-in ballots on Wednesday. The San Bernardino County Elections Office has issued 22,867 mail-in ballots in the town since April, according to data provided by Registrar of Voters Michael Scarpello, an increase of more than 4,500 since Apple Valley’s last special election in 2013. There are currently 36,608 registered voters in Apple Valley; nearly 63 percent have mail-in ballots. Scarpello said the county Elections Office is in talks with the town’s Post Office to determine if further issues exist. He described the situation as “a very isolated incident.” “We’ve only heard from one voter who said they had their ballot returned to them,” Scarpello said. Meanwhile, initial reports that returns also occurred during last year’s June primary and November general election were deemed false by Salley. “We had no problem with the ballots in November,” Salley said. “It's only affected the current mail-in ballot.” Some ballots were mailed back to voters last October, though, according to Scarpello, but he noted the issue stemmed from incorrectly placed stamps that resulted in faulty processing. “In this particular case, that would be a voter error, not a machine error,” he said, adding that the Post Office closely monitored that situation and instructed staff to deliver those ballots to supervisors rather than back to voters. Measure F could decide the fate of the town’s ongoing attempt to take Liberty Utilities’ water system by eminent domain. A “yes” vote would allow the town to borrow up to $150 million to acquire the system should a court grant that right; a “no” would likely end the takeover bid. Thus far, 6,305 Measure F ballots have been received by the Elections Office, according to Scarpello. Town spokesperson Charlene Engeron said the Town Clerk’s office has been in contact with the Registrar of Voters and the Post Office regarding the mail-in ballot issue. “One thing that's important ... is obviously if somebody gets their ballot back on June 7,” Engeron said. “Elections Code says (the ballot) has to be postmarked by June 6, so if they don't get it back before June 6, we’ll have to talk to Registrar of Voters.” An exact number of returns was unknown late Wednesday; however, for town voters whose ballots were returned, Scarpello suggested taking them back to the Post Office. The Elections Office is awaiting response from the Post Office on additional remedies. In the interim, mail-in ballots can also be taken to drop-off locations before June 6 and at polling places on Election Day, according to Scarpello, who said those locations are available on the Elections Office website, Scarpello said. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter@DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 13 35 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Column: How auto can survive disruption Automakers will have to build new business models, becoming low-margin, high-volume assemblers of robot electric cars Post to Facebook Column: How auto can survive disruption Automakers will have to build new business models, becoming low-margin, high-volume assemblers of robot electric cars  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2spf2lo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Column: How auto can survive disruption Tony Seba and James Arbib Published 11:08 p.m. ET May 31, 2017 | Updated 11:11 p.m. ET May 31, 2017 Buy Photo New Ford CEO Jim Hackett’s challenge is simple: does Ford become the Nokia or Apple of transportation? (Photo: Daniel Mears / The Detroit News)Buy Photo 13 CONNECTTWEET 35 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Jim Hackett, the newly appointed CEO of Ford, has the challenge of a lifetime. Ford right now is Nokia back when Apple and Google were building smartphones. Nokia was a world leader in mobile telephony but was disrupted by two Silicon Valley companies that had never built a phone before. Hackett’s challenge is simple: does Ford become the Nokia or Apple of transportation? Over the next decade and a half, the automobile business as we know it will vanish, and a new model of transportation will take its place. As we detail in Rethinking Transportation 2020-2030, a new report from the independent think tank RethinkX, autonomous electric vehicles (AEVs) will destroy individual gas-powered vehicle ownership. We anticipate that within 10 years of widespread regulatory approval of driverless vehicles, 95 percent of U.S. passenger miles will be traveled in on-demand AEVs providing transport as a service (TaaS). To survive, automakers will have to build new business models, becoming low-margin, high-volume assemblers of AEVs. Cost per mile will soon be the new metric for success, and focusing on driving down operating costs and increasing vehicle lifetimes is a key imperative. This transition is already in play. Volvo, now owned by Chinese automaker Geely, has announced they will not develop new diesel internal combustion engines and instead will focus investments on electrifying their fleet. New entrants are streaming into the industry. LG supplies the Chevy Bolt Powertrain, which accounts for more than half the value of that car. Hundreds of electric car, truck, and bus companies, as well as current Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, are potential competitors in this space. To thrive automakers need to become high technology companies and get into the business of providing transportation as a service. This is where real opportunities will be found. Automakers must understand that the most value will be created by computer platforms, software and business model innovation. They will need creative thinking and quick execution — understanding the new revenue generating opportunities that come with a new mobility platform — from advertising, data monetization and entertainment to product sales, grid support, and other unseen opportunities. Self-driving technology will be a must, not an option. This will be one of the deepest, fastest and most profound disruptions of transportation in history. If automakers don’t react fast, they risk going out of business — playing catch up is extremely difficult. Nokia’s last CEO Stephen Elop said, “we didn’t do anything wrong and somehow we lost.” Ford’s board of directors will need to measure Hackett’s success using the new metrics of TaaS, cost per mile, rather than the old metrics of the auto industry, numbers of cars sold. Hackett will also have to ignore the mainstream experts and analysts who forecast a slow transition to AEVs, rather than the exponential rates of growth that are typical in technology disruptions. When Apple’s iPhone came out, a Bloomberg analyst mocked it, saying that its influence would be minimal and not impact Motorola and Nokia, since it would only appeal to “a few gadget freaks.” TaaS will be dramatically cheaper than individual car ownership, right from the start. Because of the extended vehicle lifetime of an EV, which can easily travel over 500,000 miles, and significantly lower fueling and maintenance costs, TaaS will be four to 10 times cheaper than individual vehicle ownership, rendering traditional metrics useless. The high utilization rates of TaaS vehicles — each capable of traveling 100,000 miles per year — will drastically reduce the number of passenger vehicles on U.S. roads, from 247 million in 2020 to 44 million in 2030, with production volumes dropping 70 percent. When technology disruption looms, it can be difficult for people with a vested interest to see it coming. Vehicle autonomy is the key uncertainty. Making investment decisions and balancing the needs of the existing business with the need to invest in the future, in the face of uncertainty, makes Hackett’s job even harder. Pure-play autonomous and electric vehicle companies have an advantage here: they don’t have to protect the sunk costs in the old business model. They see only opportunities. The transport as a service disruption is imminent. Fortune will favor those who see it not as a threat, but as the opportunity of a lifetime. Will Hacket be more like Apple’s Steve Jobs or Nokia’s Stephen Elop? You’ll know when you use that Ford TaaS app in your smartphone rather than Lyft or Uber to order a car to take you to work, home, or school on a daily basis. Tony Seba and James Arbib are co-authors of Rethinking Transportation, and co-founders of RethinkX. 13 CONNECTTWEET 35 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2spf2lo TOP VIDEOS 100th anniversary of Salvation Army Donut Girls 2:06 Impressions of Thursday's Mackinac Policy Conference 7:53 U.S. labor secretary visits with Detroit workers 1:15 Water main break in Westland 0:25 Officer Rose's death inspires Thin Blue Line USA fundraisers 3:51 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 2017 Movement Electronic Music Festival in Detroit 1:26 Artist Louise "Ouizi" Jones 3:25 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stock Futures Rise; These 4 Top Techs Are Still Buys ED CARSON 6/01/2017 Reprints Futures for the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite rose Thursday morning ahead of key U.S. economic data and amid a report showing Chinese manufacturing contracting. Four recent tech breakouts — Apple (AAPL) iPhone supplier Analog Devices (ADI), Micron Technology (MU), Marvell Technology (MRVL) and Paylocity (PCTY) — remain in buy range. XAutoplay: On | Off During Wednesday's session, the major averages reversed lower as oil prices fell and bank stocks tumbled. But while financials remained weak, the S&P 500 and other key index closed with slim losses, capping a solid tech-led month of May. Dow industrials futures rose fractionally vs. fair value. S&P 500 futures were up 0.1% while Nasdaq 100 futures climbed climbed 0.3%. Futures briefly pared most of their gains following the private-sector Caixin survey that showed Chinese manufacturing activity contracting for the first time in nearly a year. That follows slow-but-steady growth from official government data, out earlier in the week, that focuses more on state-owned enterprises. China's Shanghai composite slid 0.5% Thursday. Japan's Nikkei advanced 1.1%, ending a recent slide. In the U.S., investors will get the ISM manufacturing index, the ADP employment report and domestic auto sales for May, ahead of Friday's key jobs report. IBD'S TAKE: Chinese regulators, worried about soaring credit growth, are starting to crack down, having an impact on the world's No. 2 economy in short order. That's the focus of our latest cover story: "Here's Why China's Latest Growth Scare Should Worry You." Analog Devices Analog shares rose 2.4% to 84.80 on Tuesday, just moving beyond an 84.34 buy point. On Wednesday, the Apple iPhone supplier shares shot up as high as 90.49, but closed at 85.76, just a 1.1% gain and near session lows. That's not great action, and investors should be cautious. However, shares are well within the 5% chase zone from the entry point. What sparked Wednesday's big move? Analog Devices reported strong earnings and bullish guidance before the market open, though revenue was essentially in line. Analog Devices has been touted as a likely big winner from the upcoming Apple iPhone 8, due out later this year. As for Apple itself, shares dipped 0.6% on Wednesday, continuing to trade tightly over the last few weeks, close to record highs. Apple does not have a potential buy point current after a long run. Analog Devices has a best-possible 99 Composite Rating, which means it outperforms 99% of all stocks based on a variety of IBD proprietary fundamental and technical data. Big-time winners tend to have Composite Ratings of 95 or more near the start of their runs. Paylocity Paylocity, the lone non-chipmaker highlighted here, is a cloud-based human resources software firm. Paylocity cleared a 45.71 buy point from a cup-with-handle pattern on May 25, and shares have remained above the entry since then. Shares fell intraday Wednesday but closed up 0.2% to 46.85. Other cloud-based HR software peers include Paycom (PAYC) and Workday (WDAY). Paycom has been hovering around a three-weeks-tight follow-on buy point, while Workday is modestly extended from a breakout. Workday, which competes against Oracle (ORCL) and SAP (SAP), is expected to report a 220% EPS gain late Thursday. Paylocity has a 97 Composite Rating. Micron Technology The memory chipmaker cleared a 29.97 flat base buy point on Tuesday, then edged up 0.2% to 30.77 on Wednesday, still well within buy range. Industry demand and pricing is strong, boosting profits of other memory chip players such as Samsung Electronics and Western Digital (WDC). Micron's CR Rating is an 89, reflecting a poor run of earnings until recently. Memory chip makers' fortunes tend to be highly cyclical, so stocks often start to move on indications of improving industry fundamentals before big earnings come in. Micron is reporting strong results now. Marvell Technology Marvell cleared a 16.82 buy point on May 25, then reported strong earnings after the closing bell that session. The next day, shares popped to just out of buying range, but shares have come back modestly this week to 17.24 on Wednesday. Marvell has a 92 Composite Rating. RELATED: The Big Picture: Techs Hot, But 2 Broad Sectors Are Struggling Here's Why Bank Stocks Broke Key Support This Top Software Firm Has Flipped From Losses: 220% EPS Gain Seen Thursday Chip Stocks And Semiconductor Industry News 3 Tech Leaders Near Highs As Earnings Loom: Investing Action Plan ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Stock Futures: Apple Plays Catch-Up; Does The Nasdaq Need A Break? 12:03 AM ET Stock futures held near record levels Sunday though the Nasdaq has risen well above its 50-day. Apple may be playing... 12:03 AM ET Stock futures held near record levels Sunday though the Nasdaq... Why Facebook, Apple-Supplier Taiwan Semi Lead 5 Stocks For Your Watch List Politics May Upstage Apple's Show-And-Tell: Investing Action Plan Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Chip Stocks To Watch And Semiconductor Industry News Broadcom, 3M, Jack In The Box Get Price-Target Hikes; Workday Downgraded Broadcom Gets Flood Of Price-Target Hikes; Analog Devices Downgraded Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! View Archived Webinar Now Learn advanced buying strategies & see current examples of how these techniques can boost your portfolio profits. More News What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Who Will Win The Oil Wars? U.S. Shale, OPEC Or Consumers? All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Computex 2017 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News WWDC 2017: what to expect from Apple's big developer conference WWDC 2017: what to expect from Apple's big developer conference By James Rogerson Tablets   iOS 11, iPad Pro 2 and more Shares Apple’s WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference) 2017 is just days away, and as well as the announcement of iOS 11, we’re likely to hear about a variety of other new software – such as watchOS 4 – and even potentially some hardware. Could the long-rumored iPad Pro 2 or Siri Speaker be in attendance? It’s very possible. Read on for a full guide to everything that we might see when WWDC 2017 kicks off on June 5 at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. Cut to the chase What is it? Apple's software-focused conference When is it? June 5 - June 9 2017 iOS 11 While many things are rumored for WWDC 2017, iOS 11 will almost certainly be shown off. Rumored highlights of the new version include lots of upgrades to Siri, focused on making it learn your habits and respond to questions faster. We’re also hearing that Apple Pay could get an upgrade, allowing for peer-to-peer payments, while FaceTime audio calls could become the default when calling someone else who uses an iPhone, so you don’t eat into your minutes. Apple might also launch a sleep tracking app with iOS 11, plus, Apple Clips could get more features, low-power mode could get better by learning your habits and location, a Dark Mode could be added, and communications may even be consolidated into a single menu – so you can see emails, SMS messages and social network communications with a given person all in one place. Not only will iOS 11 probably be announced at WWDC, but you’ll even likely be able to grab a beta version of it – though the final, finished version probably won’t arrive until mid-September. Here's everything we expect to see on iOS 11 watchOS 4 As well as a new version of iOS, Apple might also launch a new watchOS, specifically watchOS 4. Not much is known about what this will bring yet, but given that Apple has bought a company that makes sleep trackers there’s a good chance a sleep tracking feature will be added to watchOS. We also might see the ability to track more activities, with skiing and snowboarding being tested according to Gizmodo. iPad Pro 2 While software is usually the focus of WWDC, we do sometimes get major hardware announcements too, and this year the iPad Pro 2 could be the headline announcement. There’s not a huge amount of evidence that we’ll see it at WWDC 2017, but it’s clearly in the works, and respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reckons there’s around a 70% chance of a 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 showing up. That’s one of two or three iPad Pro 2 models that we’re ultimately expecting to see, and along with the new screen size it’s rumored to have a powerful new A10X chipset, a bigger battery and a new and improved Apple Pencil. Here's what we know so far about the iPad Pro 2 iPhone SE 2 Although the iPhone 8 probably won’t land until September, the iPhone SE 2 might arrive at WWDC. If and when it does launch, it’s likely to replace the original iPhone SE as Apple’s most affordable handset but with a very different design, complete with an all-glass back. Not much else has been rumored about the iPhone SE 2 yet though, which makes us doubt a WWDC unveiling is actually on the cards. Here's everything we know about the iPhone SE 2 MacBooks Not one but three new MacBook models are rumored to be arriving at WWDC 2017, with the MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and 12-inch MacBook all potentially getting refreshed. But refresh is the key word, as sources suggest that while the specs will be getting a bump, there won’t be much change to the design or features. Apparently, the new MacBook Pro will house the latest Intel Core i processor series, with the 12-inch MacBook being similarly spec’d. Siri Speaker Apple is heavily rumored to be working on a Siri-powered smart speaker, designed to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home, and one analyst reckons there’s a 50% chance we’ll see it at WWDC 2017. The Siri Speaker (which probably won’t launch under that name), is rumored to have some kind of touch panel, and potentially even a built-in camera, perhaps so that it can recognize users. It may even be able to sense emotions – though we’re not yet sure what it would do with that ability. Apple TV and tvOS We wouldn’t count on seeing a new Apple TV at WWDC 2017, but it’s possible and could well come with support for 4K and HDR content. Whether or not a 5th gen Apple TV lands we might see a new version of tvOS. This might sport better Siri integration and come with more and better content. macOS Finally on the software front, a new version of macOS is likely to be announced at WWDC 2017. It hasn’t been officially named yet, but it will probably be version 10.13. Nothing is really known about it yet, and while it might well be previewed at WWDC, a final release probably won’t land until later in the year. We're already counting the days until MWC 2018 Related news The best business productivity gadgets There’s a fix in the works for a frustrating new Microsoft Office bug Motorola may announce the Moto Z2 Play tomorrow Best drones 2017: DJI, Parrot and more for pros and beginners See more Tablets news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
