Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors ChameleonJohn - Online Coupons, Promo Codes, Discounts & Deals -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Samsung Gear Fit 2 MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu Android Auto 2016 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition Apple watchOS 2 Sennheiser RS 175  BlackBerry PRIV Google Nexus 5X iPhone 6S Plus 2015 Ford F-150 2016 Chevrolet Volt EV Microsoft Office 2016 « Cathay Pacific and ZIP SIM offer free SIMs to Canadian travelers heading to the U.S. | Main | BlackBerry to end smartphone production, will move to services-only model » Wednesday Sep282016 Apple and Deloitte partner to help companies transform the way they work on iOS devices Wednesday, September 28, 2016 at 2:30PM Apple CEO Tim Cook and Deloitte Global CEO Punit Renjen meet at Apple's campus to announce a joint effort to accelerate business transformation using iOS, iPhone & iPad. (Courtesy of Apple/Roy Zipstein) Following Apple's partnerships with IBM and SAP, the company just announced another joint effort with Deloitte, one of the largest professional services firms in the world and the leader in digital transformation strategy. Apple and Deloitte today announced a partnership to help companies quickly and easily transform the way they work by maximizing the power, ease-of-use and security the iOS platform brings to the workplace through iPhone and iPad. As part of the joint effort, Deloitte is creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors who are solely focused on helping businesses change the way they work across their entire enterprise, from customer-facing functions such as retail, field services and recruiting, to R&D, inventory management and back-office systems.  Apple and Deloitte will also collaborate on the development of a new service offering from Deloitte Consulting called EnterpriseNext, designed to help clients fully take advantage of the iOS ecosystem of hardware, software and services in the workplace. The new offering will help customers discover the highest impact possibilities within their industries and quickly develop custom solutions through rapid prototyping. “We know that iOS is the best mobile platform for business because we’ve experienced the benefit ourselves with over 100,000 iOS devices in use by Deloitte’s workforce, running 75 custom apps,” said Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global. “Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer, and help them achieve their ambitions, while driving efficiency and productivity.” “As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we’re able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver.” Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Apple and Deloitte, Parnership Email Article in Apple Beat, Apps & Launches, Enterprise, Events and Launches, Press release Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2016 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
M Friday, Nov 18 2016 | Updated at 05:22 AM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Sep 28, 2016 11:08 AM EDT By Anita Valencia, UniversityHerald Reporter Apple Rumor: iPad Pro 2 in Two Variants as iPad Mini Resized in 2017 - Expect OLED Tablet and A10X Chip Apple might unveil the iPad Pro 2 in two variants (Photo : Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple is expected to unveil the iPad Pro 2 after Macbook Pro 2016 launch. What to expect in the two tablets?  Apple rumor: iPad Pro 2 to arrive in two models? Hi-tech crowd is going to be amazed by the new iPad Pro if rumors are to be true. The great analyst Ming Chi-Kuo has stated in his report, "We expect three new iPads (12.9" iPad Pro 2, new size 10.5" iPad Pro & low-cost 9.7" iPad) to be launched in 2017", as reported by MacRumors. Analyzing his comment, Kuo makes no mention about iPad Mini 5 but classifying all of the three variants as the new iPads. This could mean that the low-cost iteration that comes in 9.7 inch size could have another name or could it be the iPad Mini new size? And that leaves us two iPad Pros which he clearly mentions: 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch tablets - built with the same chip. Apple rumor: iPad Pro 2 possible specifications Kuo goes on to say that the new iPad lineup will get A10X chip but the 9.7-inch iPad will get A9X instead. Thus, it is unlikely that iPad Pro 2 will come in three variants but one model gets a different processor. Apple rumor: iPad Pro radical overhaul - not until 2018 that we see an AMOLED display on the tablet The Apple Pencil is said to be more advanced as Apple integrates the feature in many applications across the OS instead of in limited developed apps like the current model has to offer, Bloomberg reported. This would make it similar to the stylus in Samsung Galaxy Note series. Kuo's analysis that states about the A10X chip could be true as internal sources who spoke to Bloomberg has also mentioned about smoother navigation to scroll, pan and zoom. This means a new and faster technology is used and it could be coupled with bigger storage base as well. Apple rumor: iPad Pro 2 to get 2017 release date? In July, University Herald reported about the A10X chipset that will go under the hood of the new iPad Pro. It is based on a report of interview with Taiwan's semiconductor who hints at the tablet release in 2017. Furthermore, Motley Fool has also mentioned about iPad Pro 2 specs and claimed that 10 nanometer chip production stage will begin at the end of 2016. The rumors corroborate what recent reports have to say about iPad Pro 2 released in 2017.     Tags iPad Pro 2, macbook pro 2016, ipad pro 2 release date, a10x chip in ipad, ming chi kuo analyst © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Macbook Pro 2016, iPad Mini 5, iPad Pro 2 - Specs, Rumors Roundup: Which One Get ... iOS 10 Jailbreak: Pangu Jailbreaking Tool Coming Soon; doesn't bother to Crack i ... Apple to Replace 9.7-Inch iPad Pro with 10.5-Inch Model; iPad Gets Radical Overh ... Apple to Equip Rumored iPad Pro 2 with A10X Chip; Release Date Pushed to 2017? Less Scripted ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Games Will Be Ubisoft’s New Focus [VIDE ... Must Read Intern At SpaceX? Here Are Interview Questions Asked From Applicants Nov 17, 2016 AM ESTTrying to get an internship gig at SpaceX? Find out the questions some college students were asked. ... College Degrees Pay Off in the Long Run for Arizona Workers, Study finds Nov 16, 2016 PM ESTA study of pay records belonging to more than 270,000 Arizonans showed that the higher the degree of education a person has, the higher the salary ... Students in Princeton University Hackathon Develop Algorithm That Identifies Fake News on Facebook Nov 16, 2016 AM ESTA group of four students developed an algorithm, in the form of a Chrome extension, that identifies if a Facebook post is authentic or fake. ... Educators Cope With Students' Extreme Stress Over Donald Trump's Victory By Turning Campuses Into Kindergarten Nov 16, 2016 AM ESTEducators are tolerant to students' stress over Donald Trump's win by coming up with helpful therapies in the classroom that includes playing with ... Most Popular ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... CONFIRMED: Samsung Will Release Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 with EDGE Variants in 2017; Galaxy S8 Plus is Unexpected! [VIDEO] Nov 12, 2016 AM ESTIt seems like Samsung would like to prove something in 2017 with the three new flagships where model numbers recently leaked. Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 ... 'Pokemon Go' News & Update: Big Event Before Thanksgiving! Gen-2 Pokemons Coming This December! [VIDEO] Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTFans of the highl-acclaimed "Pokemon Go" can expect a lot of things this coming holidays! ... Redmi 4a Hands-On: A Look Under The Hood of Xiaomi's Best-Selling Smartphone [VIDEO] Nov 16, 2016 AM ESTA million units of Xiaomi Redmi 4a were sold within 24 hours. Check out what's great about the best-selling device. ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Updates: Second Generation Pokemon Released Before U.S. Thanksgiving Celebration? [RUMORS] Nov 15, 2016 AM ESTThe huge success gathered by the commenced “Pokemon GO” Halloween Event signifies that the augmented reality game is still a hit among netizens. ... Elon Musk, Donald Trump Partnership Will Speed Up SpaceX Mars Human Colonization? [RUMORS] Nov 17, 2016 AM ESTThe business-minded Elon Musk and newly elect US President Donald Trump have the high possibility of forging a partnership to speed up human ... Pangu Releasing The iOS 10 Jailbreak This Holiday? Sneak Peek Of Apple's iOS 10.2 Detailed! [VIDEO] Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTIt seems that a lot of things will be added once the iOS 10.2 gets released in the near future. As such, fans are awating for Pangu to release their ... Microsoft Surface 'Phone': Is It Actually A Phone? Rumors On Specs, Release Date & Updates Detailed! Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTAs rumors about the Microsoft Surface Pro circulate around the web, sources took note of a few things consumers can expect from the company. ... 'Naruto Shippuden' Episode 484, 854 Spoilers, Release Date, Update: Sasuke's Secrets of His Past Revealed Nov 14, 2016 PM ESTHere's what to expect on the upcoming two episodes of "Naruto Shippuden". ... Microsoft Surface Pro 5: 2017 Flagship is Expected to Come in Two Variants – Windows 10 and Android? [VIDEO] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTThere is a new speculation rounding up the most anticipated Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and it has something to do with the device’s operating system. ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
LIVE CHAT We're here to help. Would you like to chat now? Chat now X Not now
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Security Apple Apple keeps a log of everyone you may try to contact in Messages app By Shawn Knight on Sep 28, 2016, 3:15 PM TechSpot Apple says on its website that communications via iMessage are protected by end-to-end encryption in such a way that they can’t be accessed on your device without your passcode. What’s more, the company says there is no way it can decrypt iMessage data in transit between devices. What this means, Apple notes, is that it doesn’t scan your communications and wouldn’t be able to comply with a wiretap order even if they wanted to. While that may be true, a leaked document recently obtained by The Intercept reveals that Apple does keep some data related to your iMessage excursions. A document titled iMessage FAQ for Law Enforcement originating from a larger cache of data within the Florida Department of Law Enforcement’s Electronic Surveillance Support Team indicates that Apple does keep a log of phone numbers you may attempt to communicate with via iMessage. Each time you enter a number into your iOS device for a text conversation in Messages, the app reaches out to Apple servers to determine if the number you are trying to reach belongs to a fellow Apple user. If so, it’ll route the conversation through Apple’s proprietary iMessage platform and if not, it'll take place via traditional SMS. According to the leaked documents, Apple keeps a log of data each time your phone pings Apple’s servers to check for iMessage compatibility. The log is said to include the user’s phone number, their IP address, the number they are reaching out to and the date and time of the query. All of this data could be turned over to law enforcement, the publication says, if forced to via court order. Apple told The Intercept that it only keeps the logs for 30 days although court orders can typically be extended in additional 30-day increments. It’s worth noting that a query to Apple servers doesn’t mean communication with another number actually took place. What’s more, the leaked document’s author indicates they don’t believe a query takes place every time a user sends an iMessage. While the data doesn’t explicitly signify that a conversation took place, it can be quite incriminating. In a criminal case, for example, you’d need to explain why you swapped numbers with a particular suspect. Second image via Kritchanut, Shutterstock Related Reads Twitter sued over claims it eavesdrops on direct messages Some iPhone users can use their Pebble smartwatch to reply to text messages Blackphone vulnerability would have let attacker read messages, steal contacts and more 3 comments 71 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Hacker that allegedly stole millions in FIFA coins from EA goes on trial New MacBook Pro reviews are in: how about that Touch Bar? China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump starts trade war Product Finder scores 87 Apple iPhone 7 88 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 86 Apple iPhone 6s Plus Popular 29 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill 24 comments Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues The Game Awards 2016: Nominations and the No Man's Sky effect are revealed Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 214 The seductive nature of the Internet [comic] 113 Silicon Valley reacts to Donald Trump's victory 11 Pop under ads vs. Banners 53 More lonely men are turning to virtual assistants for love and dirty talk 19 Amazon bans incentivized reviews to stop biased opinions of products Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Irony of Apple Rallying on iPhone 7 Optimism Shares of the tech titan are enjoying a nice run on reports that iPhone 7 demand is robust. Two Fools discuss why those gains are ironic in the context of Apple’s efforts to shift focus away from iPhone sales. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Sep 28, 2016 at 7:16PM Despite considerable disdain from the media about the removal of the headphone jack in the iPhone 7, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has seen a significant increase in investor interest since its unveiling event earlier this month. In this segment from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and Fool contributor Evan Niu talk about what has investors so excited about Apple, and why their interest is a bit ironic in the context of the company's recently stated goals. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Sept. 16, 2016. Dylan Lewis: The company predictably took some flak for its decision to ditch the headphone jack, like we talked about, and questionable use of the word "courage" throughout the presentation. But, the stock is up 10% in the last five days. For a company Apple's size, that's pretty noteworthy. Any time you see something like that, I think it's less to do with the product specs and more to do with what's going on with pre-order information that we've seen from a couple different outlets. Some of the different wireless carriers announced what they were seeing in terms of pre-order activity. T-Mobile said the two new iPhones have shattered previous sales records. I believe orders are coming in at something like four times what the iPhone 6 did. Sprint also saw very high pre-order numbers. They said orders were up 375% over the first three days of pre-order availability compared to last year. AT&T and Verizon were a bit more muted in what they were talking about related to the iPhone line, and said that pre-orders were pretty much business as usual, business as expected. Evan Niu: I think AT&T said at a conference the other day that they were just above expectations. Still pretty vague. Lewis: Yeah. Some really nice color from T-Mobile and Sprint, not so much AT&T and Verizon. But, I can't say that I'm surprised we're seeing some really good pre-orders. No. 1, it's an iPhone, and No. 2 the wireless carriers, most of them, I think all four of them, have gone with the free iPhone 7 promotion. So, it's tough to parse out how much of that is what would be a full-price purchase iPhone versus a free iPhone that's coming with an upgrade and a two-year commitment to that wireless provider. So, that's the grain of salt that you need to take with any of those pre-order numbers. Niu: Like you said, the stock has been up 10% or so over the past few days. And I think that's interesting, because it's on heavy volume. If you look at the volume activity, the gain is on in the back, there's a lot of volume. There's a lot of people coming in, it's not a light-volume move. There's a lot of people that are coming into the stock on all this iPhone 7 optimism, which is kind of ironic, because there's basically this idea, there's a sentiment that iPhone 7 is going to be strong, the carrier stuff you mentioned. But the irony is, Apple has been trying really hard to shift away from focusing so much on unit sales numbers, which is also partly why I think they're not going to release their launch weekend sales for the first time in five-plus years. They've always announced launch figures every year, but this year, they said they're not going to. Lewis: Yeah, I believe a company spokesperson said, and I'm actually taking this from an article you wrote, "These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand, and we have decided that it is no longer a representative metric for our investors and customers." Niu: The silly part about that is that that's been true every year. Lewis: Yeah, that's always the case. Niu: I don't really believe their reasoning for why they're saying it, because there has always been supply constraints. Every year it's supply constraint. That's not a new thing. So, them saying they're not going to give this number because of that, I think that's kind of a cop-out. I think it's part of the broader strategy to get people to stop focusing on unit sales, because what they want people to focus on, particularly investors, is to look at these recurring revenue sources. They've been touting all this installed base purchases and services revenue and all these things that are not tied to unit sales. They're trying to get investors to focus on those numbers instead of unit sales. But, obviously, investors are still focused on unit sales, because when you hear all these positive storylines about the iPhone 7, they go out and buy the stock. Also, combine this with the fact that the Samsung Note 7s are exploding, that also helps. So I think there's a lot of positivity around the iPhone 7, despite the fact that Apple is trying to shift the focus away from how many units they sell. Lewis: Yeah. I think you're absolutely right. You look at the way their revenue mix is going, it's going to play out that way. Like I said earlier, the iPhone contribution to revenue was, in the past, about two-thirds. I believe it was down to about 56% as of their most recent quarter, and that's because of that rising service revenue. You also have the introduction of the Watch line, and things like that, which they updated in this most recent press event. But, yeah, the iPhone, while it's going to be the cash cow for them, I think they're making efforts to highlight other parts of the business. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple and Verizon Communications. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US and Verizon Communications. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Sep 28, 2016 at 7:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Reliable Analyst Leaks Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Details Best Low-P/E Tech Stocks to Buy in November Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Technology Apple to take up residence in London's iconic Battersea Power Station in 2021 The industrial landmark will become the London headquarters of the world's most profitable company  Share  Comments ByJack Hardy 16:45, 28 SEP 2016 Updated12:17, 29 SEP 2016 Technology Battersea Power Station (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Technology giant Apple is to create a London headquarters in one of the city's most recognisable landmarks - Battersea Power Station. The Grade II listed building, the four towering chimneys of which have long been a key feature of south London's skyline, will become home to some 1,400 staff, the company announced. It follows a multibillion-pound restoration of the former electricity generator, which has stood unoccupied for decades on the banks of the River Thames. Apple will become the largest office tenant in the new-look development, taking up around 40% of the space and spreading staff across six floors. Artist impression of how Battersea Power Station will look like after its proposed redevelopment (Photo: PA) Employees will be relocated from various London offices in 2021, Apple said. It added that it was a "great opportunity to have its entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history". Read More Apple hit with £11billion tax bill in landmark ruling by EU competition watchdog Rob Tincknell, chief executive of Battersea Power Station Development Company, said: "We are delighted that Apple has chosen to make Battersea Power Station its home in 2021. "It is testament to our fantastic building and the wider regeneration of the 42-acre site which offers a carefully curated mix of homes, businesses and leisure amidst extraordinary open spaces and new transport links. Apple store (Photo: Getty) "It has always been our clear objective to create one of London's most thriving new communities and this commitment from Apple will undoubtedly help us achieve our goal." Approximately 500,000 sq ft will be used by Apple in the central boiler house of the former coal-fired power station. Read More Apple boss Tim Cook brands EU's Irish £11BILLION tax ruling 'total political crap' London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "I am delighted that Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station, helping to generate new jobs and economic prosperity for Londoners. "It is a further sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Sadiq Khan tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyCharge your phone in FIVE MINUTES - new battery tech is 'fastest ever' when it comes to powering up Tech company Qualcomm has unveiled its Quick Charge 4.0 technology that will give you hours of power in just five minutes NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it TechnologyCoke reveals 'world's first selfie bottle' that'll snap while you swig Now you can quench your thirst and take a selfie at the same time GoogleHow do I UNSEND a message on Gmail? Tips and tricks to stop a potential embarrassing mistake The latest version of the iOS Gmail app has a VERY useful feature that will allow you to 'unsend' an email TechnologySenior 'alt-right' Twitter trolls promise to flood the social network with 'fake black person' accounts After Twitter suspended the accounts of several prominent American alt-right members, the outspoken movement has threatened to hit back TechnologyHow to stop seeing your ex on Facebook because of the On This Day feature Don't want to be reminded of that past relationship? There's a very easy way to make sure it doesn't crop up in  your news feed TechnologyCharge your phone in FIVE MINUTES - new battery tech is 'fastest ever' when it comes to powering up Tech company Qualcomm has unveiled its Quick Charge 4.0 technology that will give you hours of power in just five minutes World newsIntelligent humanoid robot 'Sanbot' fights crime at airports with facial recognition software The machines can also provide customer service and help airport passengers with their queries TechnologyCoke reveals 'world's first selfie bottle' that'll snap while you swig Now you can quench your thirst and take a selfie at the same time TechnologySenior 'alt-right' Twitter trolls promise to flood the social network with 'fake black person' accounts After Twitter suspended the accounts of several prominent American alt-right members, the outspoken movement has threatened to hit back Most Read Most Recent Real Life StoriesTragic British girl, 14, to be cryogenically frozen so she might live again after historic court victory The youngster knew she only had weeks to live when she wrote a heartbreaking letter to a judge asking to be frozen until a cure could be found Celebrity NewsGossip Girl actress hangs herself in hotel room during modelling trip to Peru Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Ugly Betty star Lisa Lynn Masters, who was battling depression, was found dead inside her hotel room closet World newsBritish woman 'gang raped' in Dubai says "I'm petrified out here alone" after she's arrested for extra-marital sex Zara-Jayne Moisey, 25, from Widnes, has spoken about her "nightmare" is facing jail in the Middle East after reporting that two men allegedly attacked her in a hotel World newsWoman who had sex with pit bull filmed sickening acts to 'arouse her boyfriend' Jenna Driscoll, 27, burst into her tears after pleading guilty today to a raft of charges including bestiality and drug trafficking SnowUK weather: 'Thundersnow' sparks travel chaos as Britain wakes up to winter showers and icy roads The dangerous conditions have wreaked havoc in north-west and south-west England, western Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, prompting weather warnings Jack WilshereJack Wilshere prepares for Bournemouth's trip to Stoke by relaxing with his fiancée and children Wilshere was recalled to the England fold during the international break and is now gearing up for the return of the Premier League and a trip to the Potteries Racism in footballBlacks versus whites and the controversial top flight football match that history forgot In 1979 when racism was rife and black people were far from welcome on the pitch, in the stands or in the boardroom, a team of all white players played a team of black players. Adrian Chiles, a fan of West Bromwich Albion where it happened, investigated Manchester United FCJose Mourinho delivers Manchester United mission statement ahead of crunch clash against Arsenal The Red Devils chief is determined to be a success at Old Trafford despite falling off the pace already and envisages a long-term future with United TechnologyHow to stop seeing your ex on Facebook because of the On This Day feature Don't want to be reminded of that past relationship? There's a very easy way to make sure it doesn't crop up in  your news feed Arsenal FC"We had very, very heated moments but we're friends now": Arsene Wenger on his rivalry with Sir Alex Ferguson The pair famously clashed on a number of occasions and shared one of the Premier League's great rivalries, until the United boss retired in 2013 Top Stories World newsBritish woman 'gang raped' in Dubai says "I'm petrified out here alone" after she's arrested for extra-marital sex Zara-Jayne Moisey, 25, from Widnes, has spoken about her "nightmare" is facing jail in the Middle East after reporting that two men allegedly attacked her in a hotel AccidentsLittle girl crushed by tractor tyre wakes from coma and stuns mum with her vivid description of 'Heaven' Amber Rose's face was sliced open by the tyre as doctors were stunned that she survived the ordeal TV NewsI'm a Celeb's Scarlett Moffatt battles facial paralysis as she's ruled out of Bushtucker Trial The Gogglebox favourite, 25, was diagnosed with Bell’s palsy after being knocked over by a car when she was 11 UK NewsNew dad, 17, 'took his own life' just 12 days after his baby son passed away His 18-year-old partner is said to be "devastated" after he was found dead at his home on Tuesday BrexitTheresa May has awkward embrace with Angela Merkel as she insists Brexit work is 'on track' amid chaos The Prime Minister defiantly said Article 50 WILL be invoked before April 2017 in a joint statement with German Chancellor Angela Merkel RacismScreaming white teacher calls black pupils 'n*****s' in 'appalling' racist classroom rant caught on camera The teacher screams at shocked pupils she describes them "idiots" who are going to get shot SelfiesMum takes picture of daughter's 'GUARDIAN ANGEL' in final selfie with teen dying of cancer Sarah Danbury believes she photographed a heavenly apparition as she snapped a poignant final picture with 19-year-old Amy Beckingham, who was battling ultra-rare liver cancer Plastic surgeryGlamorous dentist dies after 'bungled' plastic surgery to enlarge her lips and chin The woman suffered convulsions during the procedure and her death is now being investigated by police World newsChilling ISIS video 'threatens Melbourne' with footage of skyline and Qantas plane Footage of the city's skyline and international airport are interspersed with brutal images of beheadings and bombings TGI Fridays Inc.Would you eat a Christmas dinner sundae? TGI Fridays launches festive menu with an odd twist And you can wash it all down with a chocolate orange brownie Celebrity NewsGossip Girl actress hangs herself in hotel room during modelling trip to Peru Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Ugly Betty star Lisa Lynn Masters, who was battling depression, was found dead inside her hotel room closet LamborghiniLamborghini worth £200,000 is seized by police after driver is caught using mobile phone at the wheel The driver was unable to produce any proof of holding a full driving licence or any documentation in relation to the supercar or its insurance News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 Twitter adds Snapchat-like QR codes for following users November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 iPhone call history is stored in iCloud, says security firm report November 17, 2016 OnePlus 3 and 3T to get software updates at the same time, says OnePlus November 16, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 software update encourages Canadians to return device for refund November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Facebook acquires FacioMetrics to potentially improve Snapchat-like filters November 17, 2016 Firefox Focus is Mozilla’s new privacy-focused iOS browser November 17, 2016 Apple could lower its cut of subscription fees for video apps November 17, 2016 Twitter adds Snapchat-like QR codes for following users November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains discusses digital economy, 5G, wireless competition and pricing at IIC November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 The best quotes from CRTC’s Jean-Pierre Blais at IIC (including Shomi, Guy Laurence and net neutrality) November 16, 2016 Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close LG G5 update brings WiFi calling to Rogers customers, improves usability and performance Forthcoming Alphabet X health watch may have a low-power E Ink display Deloitte creates 5,000-person Apple practice along with iOS exclusive EnterpriseNext tools Rose Behar September 28, 2016 7:00pm Deloitte has announced a partnership with Apple that may help the smartphone manufacturer nab a bit more of the enterprise market. The multinational professional services firm stated that it’s opening a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 of dedicated iOS specialists that will “help customers unlock productivity and better connect employees, inventory, supply chains, and back-office systems creating custom iOS solutions.” These dedicated iOS practitioners, said Deloitte, will be working in Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Americas. Additionally, the two brands are collaborating on a new iOS exclusive offering called EnterpriseNext which consists of tools and workshops dedicated to the process of prototyping mobile projects for the iPhone and iPad. So far the offerings include a two-week iOS-oriented workshop that is integrated with Deloitte Digital studios and Deloitte’s greenhouse accelerator locations, as well as an industry-specific Value Maps tool. “As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad,” said Apple CEO Tim Cook. “iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we’re able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver.” Image credit: Deloitte Toronto2 via Flickr Related: Vancouver-based Vandrico Solutions and Deloitte partner to create Wearable Technology Database SourceDeloitte, Apple Pingback: デロイト作成 iOS と一緒に 5000 人アップルの練習専用の EnterpriseNext ツール | スマホHack！() Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple tax: IDA chief unravels vexed issue of avoidance and low rate Martin Shanahan pleads case on corporate ruling before Bar of global foreign investors Wed, Sep 28, 2016, 18:00 Updated: Wed, Sep 28, 2016, 18:01 Lara Marlowe Paris Correspondent Images Video European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker speaks during a news conference on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit in Hangzhou, China, on Sunday. IDA chief Martin Shanahan said “Ireland does not do tax deals. We have never done tax deals.” Photographs: The Irish Times/Getty Images         Chief executive of the Investment and Development Agency (IDA) Martin Shanahan spends much of his time abroad, persuading foreigners to invest in Ireland. After discussing the EU Commission’s €13 billion fine against Apple, as well as Brexit, in New York and London, Mr Shanahan explained Ireland’s position in Paris on Wednesday. He sought to disentangle the issue of tax avoidance by multinationals from Ireland’s low corporate tax rate. Some 1,200 multinationals have invested in Ireland, said Mr Shanahan. “We are unapologetic about the fact that we have a competitive taxation regime and the fact that our tax rate is 12.5 per cent.” The idea that low corporate tax was solely responsible for Ireland’s economic success was “simplistic and naive,” said Mr Shanahan said. He emphasised Ireland’s “talent pool, the ease of doing business . . . English-speaking . . . and is an attractive place to live and work”.   European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims EU tax harmonisation: an issue that won’t go away Apple expects to offset €13bn Irish tax bill by paying less in US Apple, like other foreign investors, had sought an opinion from revenue authorities regarding its tax liability, said Mr Shanahan. “Ireland does not do tax deals. We have never done tax deals.” Ireland firmly believes that “tax is a sovereign issue for which the EU Commission does not have competence”. Brexit impact The Baltic states, Netherlands and Luxembourg share Ireland’s concerns. “If the EU Commission can rewrite the tax rules of one country retrospectively, they may feel emboldened to do that in other European countries,” said Mr Shanahan. “That makes Europe less attractive to foreign direct investment.” Apple paid all it was required to under Irish law. “We are not a collector general for the rest of the world,” said Mr Shanahan. “The Commission suggests that Ireland should have collected this tax . . . yet at the same time the commission says this  tax may be due elsewhere, in another European country or in the US. How both of those things may be possible seems curious to us.” ADVERTISEMENT Ireland’s position was understood in the US and Britain, he said. The British government had discussed lowering its corporate tax rate, even prior to Brexit. On the day the commission announced the Apple decision, Downing Street said Apple would be welcome in London. Brexit creates “a potential for increased foreign direct investment” in Ireland, said the IDA chief. “Over the past number of weeks, we have seen a significant rise in the amount of interest through our offices across the globe.” In France, where the government has railed against Irish “fiscal dumping” for decades, and where tax avoidance by multinationals is seen as an outrage, the commission’s decision on Apple was popular. In 2011, then president Nicolas Sarkozy tried to make Ireland’s bailout conditional on a higher Irish corporate tax rate. French attitudes may be changing. The first question asked of Ambassador Geraldine Byrne-Nason at a dinner attended by 300 chief executives this week concerned Ireland’s 7.8 per cent economic growth rate. “How do you do this? What can we learn from you?” asked a French business executive.       Topics: Apple tax Nicolas Sarkozy Geraldine Byrne Nason Martin Shanahan Eu British Government IDA Ireland Apple United States Ireland Europe France United Kingdom Read More Cantillon: Apple’s Irish tax woes the least of its problems No state-aid inquiries expected after Apple case, says Kenny Margrethe Vestager not afraid to take on Europe’s taxing issues Commission may examine 300 more Irish tax rulings Revenue chairman disputes Apple claims of 2% tax deal EU not investigating Google’s European tax deals – Vestager ‘Irish Times’ poll: Majority support appeal of Apple ruling Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Energy & Resources Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates Economy John FitzGerald: Long way to go in fight against climate change Health ‘Serious concern’ about work of Galway surgeon English Soccer Liberation! Eden Hazard talks about the new Chelsea under Antonio Conte Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 14:13 UK housebuilders find lenders more cautious after Brexit vote 13:58 Hammond faces tricky juggling act in first autumn statement 13:49 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent again 13:16 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 13:11 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent again 4 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 5 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 6 May’s changing vocabulary signals shift from ‘hard Brexit’ 7 ‘Punitive’ tax code may see Ireland bypassed after Brexit 8 Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 9 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 10 Post-Brexit slump may be over as sterling rises for third week Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Privacy Police can’t read your iMessages, but here’s what they can see Apple can tell them who you’ve tried to ping. by Ina Fried Sep 28, 2016, 5:54pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Clemens Bilan / Getty Images for P&C and Fashion ID While Apple has made a big deal over the past few years about how little customer data it stores on its servers, that doesn’t mean the iPhone maker doesn’t have any information that police agencies can get their hands on. As noted by The Intercept, one thing Apple knows is which phone numbers a person is at least considering sending a message to. That’s because as soon as an iPhone owner types in a phone number, Apple’s servers are pinged to determine whether the number represents another iOS device. If so, Apple will send any messages using its own service (they appear in a blue bubble). If not, Apple will send any messages as a standard text message (displayed in green). That Apple’s servers would be pinged with every number a person is messaging should not come as a surprise. After all, how else would the iPhone know how to send the message? More of a revelation was the fact that Apple stores the information for 30 days. Choosing how to send messages is tricky and has caused Apple problems in the past, especially when a user switches from iPhone to Android. About three and a half years ago, Apple engineers started storing a cache of which numbers customers were trying to message in order to help identify bugs and address customer complaints, according to a source familiar with the company’s efforts. So what does all this mean? Apple still has far less information about its messages than a cellular provider has on its customers’ standard text messages. Carriers would likely be able to determine not only exactly what message was sent and when, but also where the customer was when they sent it. Apple, for its part, doesn’t appear to even know if a message was sent to a particular number or details on any follow-up conversations — only that at one point a number was typed into an iOS device. The iPhone maker has always said that it will share data it has access to with law enforcement agencies upon a lawful request, such as a warrant or other court order. However, since Apple has crowed about how little data it stores on its customers, it’s definitely worth knowing what information it does keep. "Because iMessage is encrypted end-to-end, we do not have access to the contents of those communications," Apple said. "In some cases, we are able to provide data from server logs that are generated from customers accessing certain apps on their devices." All this is a reminder that just because a message is encrypted doesn’t mean that there are no digital breadcrumbs left behind. recode_divider More From Recode Recode Daily: Fake Facebook news is a danger to democracy, says Obama Do 'productivity hacks' really help you get stuff done? Amazon is giving out discounts if you order through Alexa this weekend Airbnb just launched a second potential growth engine ahead of its inevitable IPO Watch: President Obama piles onto Facebook and its fake-news controversy Tesla’s shareholders approved the SolarCity acquisition Trending If the Tesla and SolarCity merger goes through, Elon Musk will be a step closer to creating a solar-powered car LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry More in Trending This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Recode Daily Recode Daily: Fake Facebook news is a danger to democracy, says Obama by John Murrell “If we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems.” Podcasts Too Embarrassed to Ask Do 'productivity hacks' really help you get stuff done? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kara Swisher, Lauren Goode and The Verge’s Dieter Bohn discuss on Too Embarrassed to Ask. Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon is giving out discounts if you order through Alexa this weekend by Jason Del Rey@DelRey "Alexa, give me one good reason to shop by voice." Airbnb Commerce Airbnb just launched a second potential growth engine ahead of its inevitable IPO by Dan Frommer@fromedome It’s not just an apartment-booking service anymore. It’s a “trip platform.” Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 7 min read Marketing Bootcamp For Product Placement Marketing, It's All About the Moolah Marketers are finding new places beyond film and television to promote their products. Image credit: pisaphotography | Shutterstock Dan Blacharski Contributor Marketing Bootcamp 5 Ways Best-selling Entrepreneurs Market Their Books Marketing Bootcamp 3 Easy Ways to Create Customer-Winning Content Marketing Bootcamp 4 Reasons Your First Marketing Strategy Isn't Working, and What to do About It ON-DEMAND EVENT STRATEGIES TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Watch Now September 28, 2016 The most effective advertisements have always been the ones that don’t look like advertisements. Product placement -- placing brand name products in movies and television shows -- is nothing new and, until about the 1980s, "Big Tobacco" worked tirelessly to place their products in the movies. The movie E.T., while entertaining, was an advertisement for Reese’s Pieces; James Bond movies promote Aston-Martin automobiles and just about every Hollywood movie ever promotes Apple computers. This isn’t because Hollywood producers simply think Apple products are cool -- it’s because Apple writes a check. It’s an important tactic for all marketers to consider, as traditional advertising continues to lose its effectiveness among millennials. The music industry gets into the act. Traditionally, musicians made money by selling vinyl records -- but nobody buys vinyl any more and downloads deliver the artist a smaller piece of the pie -- or no pie at all. Music producers and recording artists have changed their tune in regard to commercialism and product placement, music fans have become more accepting of product placement and more recording artists, especially in the hip hop genre, are looking towards placement as an alternative revenue stream. In response, brands are thinking outside the Hollywood box and looking to music videos for placement opportunities. Related: How to Succeed at Product Placement Without Celebrities Before this dramatic change in how music is delivered, product placement in music would have been unthinkable. Hip hop artists have embraced this new model, largely because they only began to emerge onto the scene at a time when musicians could no longer make money selling music directly. Product placement has become acceptable in music, because it had to for the music to survive. “Initially, hip hop artists being associated with brands lent mainstream credibility to what was an emerging musical genre,” says Jarrett Cobbs, Vice President of Strategy of Team Epiphany, a marketing agency that has placed several prominent brands in popular hip hop music videos. “As it has evolved, right now I think artists aren’t making any money off selling records. So essentially what they’re using product placement for is a replacement for working dollars . . . ultimately they’re using that as a marketing budget to get the video done.” Product placement in the hip hop era. Kanye West easily adapted to the new rules of the music business by becoming the hip hop king of product placement. In French Montana’s “Figure It Out” video featuring Kanye, we see placements for Beats by Dre, Hyper Energy, Ciroc vodka and KandyPens tobacco vaporizers. Is it possible to get away with four placements in a single video and not look like you’re selling out? It’s hard, but Kanye pulls it off, and new brands looking to get visibility should take a look at how the hip hop artist does it and how those brands make the connection. Production quality, relationship, and context is most important. The placements aren’t gratuitous or too in-your-face -- they are organic to the video and just subtle enough to make people ignore the fact that it really is an advertisement. Related: How to Get Your Product into a Hollywood Movie “Placements like these work best when the artist respects the fans, and delivers the high level of quality entertainment they expect,” said Graham Gibson, founder of KandyPens. “This type of product placement elevates advertising to an art form, blending it seamlessly with today’s popular music to keep us in touch with our audience.” French Montana says “It’s all about the moolah” in “No Shopping,” a piece of music obviously meant to sell booze. He manages to turn the Ciroc brand name into a verb, singing “Word to Diddy, we Cirocin’” with a repeating chorus of “Sippin’ on the drank.” According to Cobbs, “People have figured out that it’s not going to ruin your career. Brand and artistry can exist in the same space, and hip hop has done a good job of leading the way in that space.” But even though French says “It’s all about the moolah” in the song, he knows it’s really all about production value, organic and seamless placement in the context of the music, and having a large audience. The product placement moolah only comes after those fundamentals are in place. Brand Marketers like KandyPens’ Gibson move a lot of product because they don’t ask the artist, “How are you going to sell my product?” Instead, the first question is whether the music video will be memorable, appealing, and stand on its own as a musical production, and whether the brand will resonate with the target audience. Only then does Gibson ask how his product can be incorporated into it. A perfect example is seen when Kanye is posing next to an airplane during “Figure It Out,” while the camera cuts away ever-so-briefly to a beautiful woman holding a KandyPens vaporizer and blowing smoke out of her mouth. Is it an advertisement? You can’t really tell, and you don’t really care. It’s a seductive scene that adds to the production value of the video, even without the subtle KandyPens placement. Keeping product placement in a cultural context. “Brands don’t move culture, people do,” says Cobbs. It’s important for the brand to understand the cultural context of the music. The brand has to understand the space they are entering into most importantly. They have to say, this works for me, I understand culturally where my brand fits in, and they have to be willing to have a personal relationship with the network that helps to create these celebrities to really be effective.” Related: Advertising's Next Frontier: Retroactive Product Placement Cobbs and the Team Epiphany group worked with artist 2 Chainz on a project for their client Hpnotiq liqueur that struck just the right balance between subtlety and over-the-top name dropping. In a groundbreaking model, Team Epiphany actually created and shot the video script that accompanied 2 Chainz’ “Not Invited.” It was a perfect match -- “What are the things about 2 Chainz that really speak to the ethos of Hpnotiq as a brand?” said Cobbs. “He likes to have fun, he likes to party, he’s a little bit irreverent. There is this element of style, and over-the-top luxury that the brand fits into as well. It’s about pairing both the brand and the artist in an ecosystem that works for both of them. With Hpnotiq, that was really effective.” Getting the placement is all about the relationship. In 1974, long before product placement in music became acceptable, Queen’s “Killer Queen” opened with “She keeps her Moet et Chandon / In her pretty cabinet / ‘Let them eat cake’ she says / Just like Marie Antoinette.” It’s unlikely this was a paid deal -- rather, the Moet mention was an organic artistic construct, meant to reinforce the style of that mysterious woman and brands worried about budget should keep this in mind and spend time on developing relationships, rather than just writing checks. This continues to be true in hip hop music video, and for the marketer, it may actually be less about the moolah, and more about building relationships with the artists and understanding their audience. Dan Blacharski Dan Blacharski is a thought leader, advisor, industry observer and PR counsel to several Internet startups. He has been widely published on subjects relating to customer-facing technology, fintech, cloud computing and crowdsourcin... Read more Marketing Product Placement Social Media Marketing Modern Marketing- PR & Product Placement film industry Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > MacBook Pro refreshed scheduled for late October MacBook Pro refreshed scheduled for late October September 28, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Earlier this month, Apple introduced the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 during its September press event. Something that wasn’t mentioned was any news on the Mac line or macOS, even. With the holiday season coming soon, MacBook Pros are expected to launch in late October, according to MacRumors. The report says Apple will launch its new MacBook Pro models alongside macOS 10.12.1, which is currently in beta for developers and public beta testers. As previously rumored, the new MacBook Pros will include Touch ID support and an OLED “touch bar” which is currently being tested internally with macOS 10.12.1 which is why we don’t see any user-facing features in the beta. For the 15-inch models, Apple will be shifting to “Polaris” graphics from AMD. MacRumors says Apple will seed one more beta of macOS 10.12.1 to developers and public beta testers early next week, with a goal of finalizing the software by the end of the week to load onto the new hardware which is being manufactured right now. The source says that this could change as last-minute bugs or other circumstances may shift Apple’s plan but as it stands the company wants a late October ship date. Smaller bugs may be held until a macOS 10.12.2 update, for more prominent bugs and security fixes are currently being worked on for macOS 10.12.1. The report does mention refreshed MacBook Airs and iMacs but says it’s unclear whether or not those would warrant a keynote or if Apple will do a simple press release as it’s been known to do in years past. Aside from that, don’t expect Mac Pro or Mac mini updates as those haven’t been rumored. Nonetheless both product lines are in desperate needs of an update. Tags: Mac, MacBook Pro, macOS, OLED Touch Bar, Touch ID About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Sketchy report says 2017 iPhone to be called iPhone 8 Apple offering $100 credit for Search Ads → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Moto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless LeEco discounting Le Pro3 and Le S3 for Black Friday Have you experienced gadget fatigue? Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus units with 'touch disease' Huawei MediaPad M3 lands in the US with 8.4-inch 2560x1600 display Amazon Echo gaining ability to send text messages for AT&T customers Android And Me Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Legends Verizon puts Mophie Juice Pack Moto Google Allo updated with new themes, Amazon Echo can now send texts, if you’re Qualcomm makes Snapdragon 835 and Quick Barnes and Noble Nook Tablet 7-inch TmoNews BLU R1 HD update adds support for T-Mobile Deutsche Telekom CEO says he’s ‘not T-Mobile reveals Magenta Friday and Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Apple to set up London HQ in Battersea Power Station Published 28/09/2016 0 Comments Share Apple to set up London HQ in Battersea Power Station BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Technology giant Apple is to create a London headquarters in one of the city's most recognisable landmarks - Battersea Power Station. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/apple-to-set-up-london-hq-in-battersea-power-station-35086605.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35086604.ece/1b086/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-57146c73-edae-4e9d-a7e8-3e1a50c3647a_I1.jpg Email Apple will move into the redeveloped Battersea Power Station in 2021 Technology giant Apple is to create a London headquarters in one of the city's most recognisable landmarks - Battersea Power Station. The Grade II listed building, the four towering chimneys of which have long been a key feature of south London's skyline, will become home to some 1,400 staff, the company announced. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments It follows a multibillion-pound restoration of the former electricity generator, which has stood unoccupied for decades on the banks of the River Thames. Apple will become the largest office tenant in the new-look development, taking up around 40% of the space and spreading staff across six floors. Employees will be relocated from various London offices in 2021, Apple said. It added that it was a "great opportunity to have its entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history". Rob Tincknell, chief executive of Battersea Power Station Development Company, said: " We are delighted that Apple has chosen to make Battersea Power Station its home in 2021. "It is testament to our fantastic building and the wider regeneration of the 42-acre site which offers a carefully curated mix of homes, businesses and leisure amidst extraordinary open spaces and new transport links. "It has always been our clear objective to create one of London's most thriving new communities and this commitment from Apple will undoubtedly help us achieve our goal." Approximately 500,000 sq ft will be used by Apple in the central boiler house of the former coal-fired power station. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "I am delighted that Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station, helping to generate new jobs and economic prosperity for Londoners. "It is a further sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment." Chancellor Philip Hammond said: "Apple's decision to move 1,400 staff to a new campus at Battersea Power Station further strengthens London's position as a global technology hub, and demonstrates how the UK is at the forefront of the next steps in the tech-revolution. "It's another vote of confidence in the UK economy, sending a clear signal that companies are continuing to invest in Britain's future, and that we are one of the most attractive investment destinations for the global technology industry." Apple's European headquarters will remain in Cork, Ireland. As part of the redevelopment of Battersea Power Station, the historic chimneys have each been brought down temporarily and will be rebuilt using the same technique by which they were originally erected. Currently, three of the chimneys have been brought down to the base while the fourth, the south-west chimney, has already been returned to its former height. All the chimneys should be approaching full height by the end of the year and will be painted in 2017, developers said. They added that one of them will also boast a viewing platform upon completion. Read More Supreme Court to hear claim Brexit can't happen without Northern Ireland consent  A victims' campaigner's claim that the United Kingdom cannot quit the European Union without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland is to go before the Supreme Court. Shake-up of fund managers proposed by UK financial watchdog  The UK's financial watchdog has outlined a major shake-up for the fund management industry to ensure investors get a good return in an era of low-interest rates. Thomas Cook and Kingfisher due to post latest results  Turbulent trading for the travel industry and the impact of the Brexit-hit pound will be centre stage next week when Thomas Cook and Kingfisher update the City. Live Belfast Telegraph Property Awards 2016 live: Winners to be announced at Ramada gala...  The day has arrived and the winners of the Belfast Telegraph Property Awards 2016 in association with Propertynews.com are set to be announced. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank  Business News Northern Ireland workers experience biggest rise in commuting...  Business News No room at the inn... post-Brexit business booming for Belfast hotels in the run-up to...  Business News Dunbia sell-off of its pork business 'will boost Northern Ireland's rural economy'  Business News Big rise in workers facing daily commutes of two hours or more  Northern Ireland Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Fantasia Barrino slims down after struggling with 'pressure of perfection' Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Apple to move London HQ to Battersea Power Station Apple will account for 40% of the development’s total office space Zlata Rodionova Wednesday 28 September 2016 13:40 BST The move follows a multi-billion pound restoration of the former power station, which has stood unoccupied for decades on the banks of the River Thames AP Apple is to establish a new London headquarters at Battersea Power Station, one of the city’s most recognisable landmarks. The tech giant will occupy about 500,000 sq ft of space across six floors of the central Boiler House from 2021, moving 1,400 employees there from eight offices around the capital. It will account for 40 per cent of the development’s total office space. Read more Apple aims to revolutionise car industry with McLaren approach Apple currently has 2,530 staff in total in London, including about 1,100 working in its stores. Sadiq Khan, Mayor of London, said the deal is a “sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment”. The move follows a multi-billion-pound restoration of the former power station, which has stood unoccupied for decades on the banks of the River Thames. In a statement to the London Evening Stantard, Apple said it was looking forward to the opening of its “new campus”. Outrageous property deals in pictures 15 show all Outrageous property deals in pictures 1/15 The Park Lane townhouse set to become one of the UK's most expensive student flats at £4,000 a week A town house situated in Park Lane, one of the most affluent places in London, is about to become the capital’s most expensive student residence. Most of London students usually live in halls of residence before moving on to house-share. For this reason it is fair to say few will able to afford the 3,540 square foot three-bedroom flat, which is available for £4,000 a week, £16,000 per month or £192,000 per year. Wetherell 2/15 London's most expensive flat goes on sale at Buckingham Palace near Buckingham Palace priced at £150m A luxury flat in London’s historic Admiralty Arch, which overlooks Buckingham Palace, could sell for up to £150 million. If sold for that price, the 15,000 sq ft apartment will become London's most expensive flat, topping One Hyde Park, a flat which sold for £140 million in 2014.The Grade I listed property boasts 12 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms 3/15 ‘Little White House’ inside the US embassy complex in London goes on sale for £2.5m A luxury home inside the US embassy complex has gone on sale for £2.5m. The property is said to be the most “protected home in Britain” and any visitor is asked to carry an identity card at all times. The complex has patrolling US marines, a 24-hour British police presence, checkpoints, anti-tanks blocks and CCTV.But potential buyers looking for a fortress should not get their hopes up as all the security will disappear once the US embassy moves to a new site in Nine Elms in 2017. The home, located at 4 Blackburne’s Mews near Grosvenor Square, dates back to 1732 and owes its nickname to its white façade, grand entrance and sweeping staircase as well as its proximity to the US embassy. It provides nearly 3,000 sq ft of living space and benefits from access to communal gardens. Wetherell 4/15 First London luxury flats to contain their own private art gallery with prices going from £3.8m up to £7.7m The first private luxury apartment building in London with its own private art gallery has been unveiled in March. The Chilterns at 24 Paddington Street contains 44 luxury residences, the majority of which were sold in 2013. It contains a signature restaurant, a 24 hour-hotel style concierge service, a gymnasium and sauna and a private cinema. The new art gallery, with original pictures of the area by David Bailey, is part of the lobby of the building and is “one of the most exciting and unique features of the Chilterns”, according to Stephen Conway, CEO of Galliard Homes. With prices going from £3.8 million up to £7.7 million for a three bedroom flat, the residence is located between the local shops of Marylebone High Street and Baker Street. 5/15 Margaret Thatcher's Belgravia home is up for sale for £30m Margaret Thatcher’s six-floor townhouse in Belgravia is on the market for a cool £30 million. The Grade II listed building on No. 73 Chester Square, one of London’s most prestigious addresses, now boasts a lift, a newly constructed mews house with a roof terrace and a private garage after a three-year refurbishment by Leconfield, a development and construction company. Some features from Thatcher’s time at the property remain. The layout and design of the formal dining room and interlinking study on the ground floor has been reinstated exactly as the Iron Lady had it during her 22 years at the property, from 1991 until her death in 2013. 6/15 Tiny London house that is just 10ft wide goes on market for £800,000 A tiny terraced house that measures no more than 10ft wide has gone on the market in south London for a staggering £800,000. The house, generally labelled "unique" by estate agent Foxtons, looks all the more unusual because it is sandwiched between two regular-sized homes. It doesn't even have a proper back door - images of the interior suggested renovators had sought to maximise the property's space by including a folding aperture to the similarly narrow back garden. 7/15 The Mayfair penthouse that sold for £30 million A Mayfair penthouse on Albemarle Street, one of Mayfair's oldest roads, sold to a mystery buyer for £30 million in December. The 5,845 sq ft, three-bedroom family home is thought to be one of the most expensive properties sold in the capital this year, and comes with an annual service charge of £61,000. supplied by Estate agent Peter Wetherell 8/15 The dilapidated pre-fab 'shed' sold for nearly £1 million A pre-fabricated bungalow in south-east London has sold at auction for just under £1 million. The 1950s property in Peckham comes with 0.6 acres of land, is in need of renovation and has no fitted bathroom, but still sold for £950,000. A guide price of £590,000 was initially set, but increased rapidly during the bidding. Google Maps 9/15 The starter home flats that went for a combined £60 million Some 215 “affordable” starter homes, specifically designed for first time buyers, sold out in just three hours in November, after dozens of aspiring homeowners camped overnight and queued in bad weather to get their hands on the flats. The starter home flats at Trinity Square by Galliard Homes went for a combined £60 million, or an average of £700 per sq ft. Londoners looking for affordable housing did not hesitate to camp out for up to two days to snag a flat, despite the fact that the project will not be complete for another two years. Galliard 10/15 The longest lateral flat where H.G wells hosted a book club: yours for £3.65m The 2,200 square foot apartment in Chiltern Court in Marylebone was also home to author Arnold Bennett and political cartoonist David Low. Now on the market for £3.65 million through Rokstone agency, the four-bedroom flat has been refurbished into a luxury apartment, providing an exceptional 40 meter window frontage and depth. It claims to be the longest and most outstanding lateral flat - ones that stretch the full width of a building, or sometimes across two buildings - currently for sale in London’s West End. Rokstone 11/15 Gatti House: the flats with celebrity links and private "pizza" lift that sold for a collective £16.5 million Celebrity links, a famous history and a private “pizza lift” has helped set a new record for price per square foot for a block of flats in central London. The four flats have sold for a collective £16.5 million at Gatti House on London’s Strand. Gatti House, a magnificent grade II building built in 1867, was sold as four separate apartments priced from £2.95 million to £5.95 million by CBRE Residential and Beauchamp, which has completed the last remaining sale. CBRE Residential and Beauchamp 12/15 London’s most expensive office A newly refurbished office in the heart of Mayfair measuring 6,000 sq ft was unveiled by Enstar Capital in October. At £500 per sq ft, it is set to be the most expensive commercial fit out ever undertaken in the West End, according to the developer. The workspace on 54 Brooks Mews features gold-plated executive washrooms inspired by Armani-hotel in Italy, timber flooring imported from a 16th century monastery in Tuscany and an Art Deco entrance restored with a new “54” entrance logo replicating Steve Rubell’s famous “studio 54” nightclub logo from the seventies. While the director’s floor include a rooftop terrace dressed with loungers and an outside meeting and dining table. Enstar Capital 13/15 Former garage in Mayfair become world’s most expensive mews house at £24m in Mayfair In September, the world’s most expensive mews house, in Reevews Mews, sold to a Qatari buyer for an eye-watering £24 million. 14/15 A penthouse where you canoe from your front door, yours for £16.95 million London luxury dockside complex located on Chelsea creek is due for completion by the end of 2016. But its luxury flats are already on sale including this penthouse yours for £16.95 million. It’s future residents will be able to slip down the river for a work out on the water at anytime of the day. 15/15 The only property in London too expensive for the city’s super-rich property buyers A 45 bed-room mansion near Hyde Park, previously owned by a Saudi Prince, received a private bid for £280 million. If accepted this would have made the property he most expensive single home ever to be sold in Britain. It was originally listed with an asking price of £300 million –more than double the price of the UK’s second most expensive home. “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history,” a spokesperson for the company said. Battersea Power Station is owned by Malaysian shareholders Sime Darby, SP Setia and The Employees Provident Fund (EPF). Apple’s main European headquarter will remain in Ireland, where it employs 4,000 people. More about: Apple Battersea Power Station London Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Culture Music Reviews What to listen to Live music Classical More Telegraph Culture Music What to Listen to Pop stars have always mimed. At least Britney Spears is honest about it Neil McCormick Music Critic 28 September 2016 • 5:53pm Britney Spears performing at the Apple Music Festival Britney Spears mimed throughout her performance at the Apple Music Festival, a one and a half hour live show where almost everything booming through the PA was pre-recorded. There was a time when this would have been a scandal, but these days I suspect audiences might be more shocked if Spears dropped the pretence and actually tried to sing. The notion struck me at an earlier Apple Music Festival show headlined by breakthrough British band The 1975. They are in many ways a traditional pop rock group, a four piece of guitar, drums and bass, with the live addition of saxophone and keyboards. They are fronted by charismatic pin up Matthew Healy, who has a strong and interesting voice. It's Britney, Britain: Spears performs in London Play! 01:20 But Healy uses banks of effects that split and layer his vocals so that the sound coming out of the speakers can be highly artificial and changes for every song. His lips move and a whole chorus of voices tumble forth, bearing little relationship to any sound a human being could generate with their own vocal cords. Yet fans weren’t put off by this. They didn’t boo or call him a faker. They accepted it because it was what they expected to hear. It sounded just like the record. Oh Britney...at least mime well if you're gonna mime 😂 #AppleMusicFestival #BritneySpears— Razzle Lambrini (@Razzlelambrini) September 27, 2016 This is a generation raised on superstar DJ culture, who go to concerts where someone plays other people’s recordings and occasionally shouts out rejoinders to get your hands in the air. Kanye West, one of the biggest stars of the modern era, performed at Glastonbury with no musicians, triggering all his backing through laptop computers. In his case, like many rappers, he relies on his vocals to give the imprimatur of his authentic live presence, even when he treats his voice with Autotune effects. The 1975 Credit: Rex It is a small step from there to Spears. She has never been a particularly strong singer. In the studio, her vocals are usually edited together by producers from numerous takes then swathed in the vocals of more accomplished singers (this is called comping, a practise prevalent in the music business since studio advances of the Seventies). But it is her that people pay to see. The live element Spears brings to proceedings is an iconic physical presence manifested in the kind of energetic dance routines which would leave her too out of breath to sing in any case. Accordingly, her dance troupe are a much more significant focus than her musicians, who remained silhouetted throughout, pressing buttons to trigger samples and tracks. There is nothing really new in this artifice except the technology to make it ubiquitous. In the Sixties and Seventies as rock culture boomed, the greatest accolades were paid to musicians capable of extemporisation, but there have always been bands such as the Eagles and ELO who took pride in perfectly replicating recordings. As technology and musical fashions have changed, recordings have tended to be more layered and programmed, whilst the ability to reproduce that with synthesisers, sequencers and effects has progressed apace. Drummers often play to a drum machine track that allows everyone to remain locked in sync. As far back as David Bowie's 1990 Sound + Vision tour, there was so much synced material that keyboard player Rick Fox, hidden behind screens, would eat sandwiches, put on headphones and listen to other people’s albums.   Fans might have felt cheated if they had known at the time but nowadays it is so common that anyone who thinks otherwise is just fooling themselves. A rule of thumb is to count the musicians onstage and ask if there are enough to make this sound?  The answer, more often than not, is no. Vocals were probably the last element to be effectively replicated in this way but Autotune and Chorus effects have transformed the way audiences think about the sound of the human voice, and made it easier to substitute pre-recorded vocals for the real thing. Some singers use it to double up their vocal, some to take breaks during sets, some to replace vocals all together. And it’s not just the kids at it. When Meat Loaf collapsed on stage in Edmonton, Canada in June, fan footage clearly shows the vocal continuing even as his microphone clunks to the ground. Moment shows Meat Loaf collapsing on stage Play! 01:03 There is a still, thankfully, a breed of singer whose vocal authenticity means everything to them. Interestingly many of the biggest stars of today can be counted amongst them, suggesting a possible backlash against the fakers. Adele, Ed Sheeran, Sam Smith, Mumford and Sons are the kind of massive popular stars whose audiences are closely invested in the very notion of authenticity. But Spears's audience just want to hear her replicate records they already love with a nifty dance routine. Chances are, if she actually attempted to sing live, they would be horrified. 10 best Britney songs   Follow Telegraph Music READ MORE ABOUT: Britney Spears Apple Apple Music Festival Kanye West David Bowie Meat Loaf Ed Sheeran Show more Editor's Choice 24 Oct 2016, 1:29pm Tamal Ray on life after The Great British Bake Off and his new TV show Be Your Own Doctor 21 Oct 2016, 10:30pm QI: Sandi Toksvig triumphs in her first appearance as host Gallery 17 Nov 2016, 6:04pm Gallery: From Leon Russell to Prince: culture stars who died in 2016 21 Oct 2016, 2:52pm Birdy comes of age with this astonishingly mature set, Hammersmith Apollo, review 4 21 Oct 2016, 7:00am Pure pictorial dynamite: Icons of Modern Art is the perfect excuse for a trip to Paris – review 5 Music latest 00:31 18 Nov 2016, 11:55am Kanye West booed as fans 'walk out' during rant: 'I would have voted for Trump'  00:55 18 Nov 2016, 8:31am X Factor 2016: what time is Movie Week, plus how can Honey G survive another round? 17 Nov 2016, 10:48pm Comment: Ticket touts are ripping us all off on an industrial scale – and ticket companies are letting them get away with it Damian Collins Premium 02:39 17 Nov 2016, 10:27pm Foy Vance performs Noam Chomsky Is a Soft Revolution in exclusive music session Gallery 17 Nov 2016, 6:04pm Gallery: From Leon Russell to Prince: culture stars who died in 2016 17 Nov 2016, 5:00pm Comment: Jeremy Corbyn for Christmas number one? He stands more chance of becoming Prime Minister Neil McCormick Premium 17 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Craig David: 'In hindsight, I took my workouts too far' Premium 17 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Metallica's Hardwired... To Self-Destruct is the album America deserves right now – review 3 00:50 17 Nov 2016, 2:00pm 'I'd been given licence to do the unthinkable': hear Bruce Springsteen read from the 18-hour audiobook of his memoir, Born to Run 17 Nov 2016, 12:48pm Simply Red veer from sublime to cheaply sentimental at the Glasgow Hydro – review 3 17 Nov 2016, 12:47pm Glasgow's Deacon Blue are growing old with dignity – review 3 17 Nov 2016, 11:48am From Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them to Bridget Christie: what to see, do and hear this week (Nov 19-25)  17 Nov 2016, 11:29am Mirga Grazinyte-Tyla gets off to a strong start with the CBSO: November's best classical concerts 01:29 17 Nov 2016, 10:47am The early rejection letter received by pop icon Madonna 17 Nov 2016, 10:02am Madonna teases her appearance on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke 17 Nov 2016, 1:20am Leonard Cohen died in sleep after fall, manager says 16 Nov 2016, 7:53pm Listening to this song 'can make you 65 per cent more relaxed' 16 Nov 2016, 5:34pm Mose Allison, jazz pianist and vocalist – obituary Premium 00:31 16 Nov 2016, 5:28pm Watch how Adele reacted when she spotted a bat during a concert 16 Nov 2016, 12:57pm A Peaceful Noise conjured a warm and loving portrait of Bataclan victim Nick Alexander  16 Nov 2016, 12:24pm British director re-releases panned gangster film starring Prince Harry's girfriend, Meghan Markle If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 9:24 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Here's What Apple CEO Tim Cook Has To Say About Blackberry Quitting The Phone Hardware Business By Susmita Baral @sushbaral On 09/28/16 AT 5:28 PM Close Early Wednesday, Blackberry Limited announced it would be outsourcing hardware development to its partners and focus on software and services. Later in the day, Apple CEO Tim Cook shared his thoughts on the Blackberry announcement while announcing a deal with consulting firm Deloitte. "I think their sales have been fairly low for a while," Cook told the Financial Times. "We are very focused on the opportunity and we see it as massive." Blackberry, formerly known as Research In Motion, was once a major player in the market after releasing its first device in 2002. In 2009, the Canadian company claimed 20 percent of the global smartphone market. Now, it holds 0.1 percent of global market share while competitor Apple holds 13.8 percent of the market. With Apple’s new Deloitte deal, the company will be further solidifying its foothold in the big business smartphone arena—an area that previously generated much of Blackberry’s profit. As per the deal, Deloitte will get its clients to adopt iPhones and iPads and the two companies will collaborate on a new product called “Enterprise Next.” Apple has similar deals with IBM and SAP. After 14 years in hardware development, and a handful of failed products, Blackberry is pivoting its strategy to focus on software and services—the sector brought in $156 million in revenue in the second quarter and 81 percent of the revenue is recurring. Related Stories Blackberry Stops Internal Hardware Development BlackBerry Will Release Another Android Smartphone Soon "The company plans to end all internal hardware development and will outsource that function to partners,” BlackBerry chairman and CEO John Chen said in a statement. “This allows us to reduce capital requirements and enhance return on invested capital." "We are reaching an inflection point with our strategy," said Chen elsewhere in the statement. “In Q2, we more than doubled our software revenue year over year and delivered the highest gross margin in the company’s history. We also completed initial shipments of BlackBerry Radar, an end-to end asset tracking system, and signed a strategic licensing agreement to drive global growth in our BBM consumer business.” Business Insider reports that Chen wrote a blog post last year about the encryption debate, where he called out the tech giant—without naming names—over its privacy and security policies a post.   “For years, government officials have pleaded to the technology industry for help yet have been met with disdain,” wrote Chen. “In fact, one of the world’s most powerful tech companies recently refused a lawful access request in an investigation of a known drug dealer because doing so would “substantially tarnish the brand” of the company. We are indeed in a dark place when companies put their reputations above the greater good. At BlackBerry, we understand, arguably more than any other large tech company, the importance of our privacy commitment to product success and brand value: privacy and security form the crux of everything we do. However, our privacy commitment does not extend to criminals .” Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Snapchat Update: How To Add Bitmoji To Customizable Geofilters To make Geofilters even more fun, Snapchat. has announced snapchatters will be able to add Bitmoji to their customizable Geofilter creations, starting Friday, Nov. 18. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Mike Pompeo To Be Next CIA Leader The third term congressman from Kansas is on the House Intelligence Committee. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market IPhone 7 screen orders on the uptick, report says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 28 Sep 2016 | 2:39 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Sergei Fadeichev | TASS | Getty Images People buying new Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Component orders for Apple's iPhone 7 have risen, one report said Wednesday, providing another hint at how the new flagship device may be selling. Order visibility in the fourth quarter will be 20 to 30 percent higher than expected for Taiwan-based touch panel makers, sources told Digitimes, a supply chain news website focused on the Chinese information technology market. Apple did not immediately respond to a request to confirm the report to CNBC. But it comes as the phone has been in short supply so far. Timothy Arcuri, an analyst at Cowen and Co., wrote earlier this month that he thought Apple had begun to add incremental iPhone supply for the December quarter. Arcuri said supply chain checks indicated that the tech giant wanted to maintain some supply constraints until "demand becomes a little more certain." Indeed, Apple declined to release its usual first-weekend sales of the iPhone 7, noting that "phones sold during the period has become more a reflection of Apple's supply than demand." Since then, analysts have debated how well the phone will sell. But Bank of America Merrill Lynch said the appetite for upgrades remains strong . As Digitimes notes, that could be good news for struggling touch-screen companies like Taiwan's TPK and GIS. Analysts at Nomura cut the price target for TPK this summer and downgraded shares of GIS, tied to concerns about Apple. GIS reported a nearly 27 percent year-over-year decline in revenue in August, according to its website. The companies were not immediately available to comment, but TPK's website notes that it hasn't disclosed or discussed customer and product information in the media or Digitimes. Read the full Digitimes report here. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple aiming for October launch of new MacBook Pro By Cody Lee, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments Apple is moving rapidly toward the launch of new MacBook Pro models, reports MacRumors. The site says it has learned that macOS 10.12.1 is largely focused on preparing the operating system to support the new laptop’s features, and it hopes to finalize the update by the end of next week so it can be loaded on the new hardware currently being produced by Apple’s supply chain. Our understanding is that Apple is planning to seed one more beta version of macOS 10.12.1 for developer and public beta testing early next week, with a goal of finalizing the software update by the end of that week so it can be loaded onto the new hardware currently being produced by Apple’s supply chain partners.  This timeline could of course change should last-minute bugs or other circumstances require adjustments to Apple’s plans, but if it holds true, it appears Apple could have its new MacBook Pro models ready to ship to customers some time in the second half of October. It’s been well over a year since Apple updated the MacBook Pro, and reports for the upcoming refresh indicate it’s going to be a significant one. Rumored features include an OLED touch bar, built-in Touch ID, and a larger trackpad. The MacBook Air, iMac and Mac Pro lines are also in need of updates, but it’s unclear of they—along with Apple’s new 5K display—will be ready next month. Source: MacRumors Top image: concept by Martin Hayjek Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple aggressively boosting MacBook Pro orders with 15M estimated shipments in 2016 Next-generation MacBook Pro could adopt brighter & sharper OLED display technology KGI: new MacBook Pros coming in 2017 with price cuts, 32GB RAM option One more hint that the next MacBook Pro will have OLED touch bar Related Topics Apple, MacBook Pro, News, Rumors Alan Aurmont Everybody knew that 6 months ago. *huge eyeroll* Javiers I hope this is true. George Colbeanu I just bought the current gen “15 model and I have 14 days to return it. This event better hurry up. Can’t quite work without a laptop 😀 … Shivam Sinha Don’t think you’ll be able to hold on till then. Rumors have it that Apple’s event is going to be held on October 27th, and the shipping would be even later. You could always borrow a temp laptop from someone you know and return the one you have now. Because in my opinion, the new MBPs would be worth the upgrade. George Colbeanu That’s what I’m afraid of… I would’ve done that if I could but as I’m always on the go and the power of a macbook pro is undoubtedly needed (video editing) I can’t quite borrow such an expensive machine. Now I wonder, when the new one comes out, will this version drop in price considerably ? As I could trade it in for a new one during summer. Shivam Sinha Well the trade-in value will be significantly less. You’ll be losing money, of course. Unless you can get someone to buy it as the same price as you did (highly unlikely). You’d be best off using this machine until you feel like you need a upgrade or if you find a viable offer to change/upgrade to the new one. Lordrootman Return this in 13 days go to different store buy new one and returned it in 13 days again until they unveiled the new one you can play the game until that day lol George Colbeanu I wish that would work haha. Here in the UK, they take your address so.. That’s not gonna work, i think ? Guava Angel Rosas Hope it looks as beautiful as those concepts! airmanchairman Bring back the 17″ form factor, that’s what I say! Unibody FTW! Although I hear the current larger form factor (15″) is going to have such smaller bezels that the screen space will approach 16″ – here’s hoping… James G Come on….Black iPad!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple HTC 10 vs. iPhone 7 : Is great audio more important than exceptional cameras? Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsSeptember 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share One of the most anticipated smartphone launches of the year has come and gone. Apple’s iPhone 7 is officially available for purchase online, in retail, and from carriers around the country — and it doesn’t disappoint. The Cupertino company’s newest flagship sports a stellar screen, a versatile A10 Fusion processor, a touch-sensitive home button, upgraded Force Touch capabilities, and an impressive pair of cameras that focus more quickly and take sharper, more colorful images than any iPhone before it. It’s water- and dust-resistant, too, and it ships in configurations with high-gloss finishes and storage capacities up to 256GB. That’s not to say the iPhone 7 is infallible, of course. It omits the 3.5-millimeter audio jack and lacks the pricier, larger iPhone 7 Plus’ dual-sensor camera module. But at $650, it’s a heck of a package. Related: See how the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait mode elevates mobile photography The real question, though, is whether or not the iPhone 7 measures up to the high-end competition. HTC’s eponymous HTC 10, the successor to last year’s HTC 9, sports an all-aluminum design and a quality pair of cameras, and there’s much more to it than meets the eye. It’s got a top-of-the-line Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, a high-resolution display, Hi-Fi speakers, and a fingerprint sensor, to name a few highlights. That makes the buying decision all the tougher. Do the iPhone 7’s hardware upgrades outweigh the lack of headphone jack? Is the HTC 10’s middling battery life justified by its ultra-fast fingerprint sensor? We pit the two handsets head to head in order to find out. Specs iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus HTC 10 Size  138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm (5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 in) 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm (6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 in) 145.9 x 71.9 x 9 mm (5.74 x 2.83 x 0.35 in) Weight 4.87 ounces (138 grams) 6.63 ounces (188 grams) 5.68 ounces (161 grams) Screen 4.7-inch Retina HD LED-backlit widescreen 5.5-inch Retina HD LED-backlit widescreen 5.2-inch LCD Quad HD Resolution 1,334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi) 1,920 x 1,080 pixels (401 ppi) 1140 x 2560 pixels (565 ppi) OS iOS 10 iOS 10 Android 6.0 Marshmallow Storage 32, 128, 256GB 32, 128, 256GB 32GB/64GB MicroSD card slot No No No NFC support Yes Yes Yes Processor A10 Fusion with 64-bit architecture, M10 motion coprocessor A10 Fusion with 64-bit architecture, M10 motion coprocessor Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 RAM 2GB 3GB 4GB Connectivity 4G LTE, GSM, CDMA, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi 4G LTE, GSM, CDMA, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi 4G LTE, GSM, CDMA, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi Camera 12MP rear, 7MP front Dual 12MP rear, 7MP front 12MP rear, 5MP front Video 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30 or 60fps 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30 or 60fps 4K at 30fps, 720p at 120fps Bluetooth Yes, version 4.2 Yes, version 4.2 Yes, version 4.2 Fingerprint sensor Touch ID Touch ID Yes Other sensors Barometer, 3-axis gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Barometer, 3-axis gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Barometer, 3-axis gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Water resistant Yes, IP67 rated Yes, IP67 rated Yes, IP53 Battery Up to 12 hours of internet use on LTE Up to 13 hours of internet use on LTE Up to 19 days of of stand-by time (4G), up to 27 hours of talk time (4G) Charger Lightning Lightning USB Type-C Marketplace Apple App Store Apple App Store Google Play Store Color offerings Gold, rose gold, silver, black, jet black Gold, rose gold, silver, black, jet black Carbon gray, topaz gold, glacier silver, camellia red Availability AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile Price $649 $729 $699 DT review 3.5 out of 5 stars 4 out of 5 stars 4 out of 5 stars Processing Power The iPhone 7 is a powerhouse under the hood. Its processor, Apple’s 64-bit A10 Fusion chip, is a 64-bit quad-core model that’s supposedly 40 percent faster than the A9 in the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, and a whopping 120 times faster than the processor in the original iPhone. Graphics are significantly improved, too. Apple said the A10’s image chip is 50 percent faster than that in the A9. Preliminary benchmarks seem to bear out those numbers. In the Geekbench 4 suite, the iPhone 7 crushes competition like the OnePlus 3, Samsung’s Galaxy S7, and LG’s G5 — all of which share the same processor as the HTC 10. In a widely publicized test result, the iPhone 7 scored 5,507 compared to the Galaxy S7’s 3,918 — a full 33 percent better. And in terms of graphics, it did just as well: 37,810 compared to the Galaxy S7 Edge’s score of 27,851. But the A10 Fusion chip isn’t just more powerful than its predecessor. Apple said it’s dramatically more efficient, too, thanks to two dedicated co-processors designed for low-intensity tasks such as scrolling through social media feeds and refreshing email inboxes. A custom-designed performance controller determines when the faster cores kick in. iPhone 7 A10 chipMore Driving the HTC 10, meanwhile, is Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 820, a quad-core processor that’s zippy but lacks the power-saving cores present in the A10. That architectural quirk may work to its advantage in day-to-day usage, however, as our intrepid reviewer Malarie Gokey found it “lightning fast” in the course of testing. Read More The iPhone 7 has slightly less RAM than the HTC 10’s 4GB. Unofficial teardowns have revealed a 2GB module under the iPhone 7’s unibody hood, and a 3GB variant in the iPhone 7 Plus. The jury’s still out on how big of a difference that’ll make in day-to-day use, but the HTC 10, generally speaking, should be capable of juggling more tabs in Chrome, processing larger office documents, and handling larger open-world games. Be that as it may, the iPhone’s processor appears to best the HTC 10’s silicon in synthetic tests. Its power-saving companion cores should also, in theory, help deliver superior battery life. For those reasons, we’re handing the iPhone 7 the win in the processing category. Winner: iPhone 7  Related: Apple’s waterproof Watch Series 2 also gets faster, brighter, and has GPS Sound Audio is the elephant in the room. The iPhone 7, as you may or may not be aware, ditches the standard 3.5-millimeter jack found on every iPhone, iPad, Mac, and MacBook before it (not to mention most laptops, smartphones, tablets, and desktops). Instead, the new iPhone’s Lightning adapter pulls triple duty, serving as a charging port, data connector, and audio output in one. The usability blow is somewhat mitigated by Apple’s inclusion of a Lightning-to-3.5-millimeter adapter and Lightning-compatible EarPods, but the fact remains: using your old pair of wired headphones with the iPhone 7 won’t be a walk in the park. You could buy a Bluetooth pair, and that’s one solution that Apple is actively encouraging. The iPhone 7 sports a new, in-house Bluetooth chip, the W1, one that’s said to deliver audio much more efficiently than conventional wireless. It’ll pair with any off-the-shelf wireless headphones you can find on Amazon or at your local Best Buy, but optimally with the company’s wireless AirPods and headphones within the company’s new Beats lineup. This includes the Solo3 Wireless, Powerbeats3 Wireless, and Beats X. You don’t have that problem with the HTC 10. It sports the familiar 3.5-millimeter jack, along with the company’s recently “re-engineered” BoomSound. It’s a heck of a package on paper, consisting of amplified speakers with a separate woofer (on the bottom) and tweeter (on the top). It also includes a hardware headphone digital audio converter that supports upscaling to 16- and 24-bit, as well as HTC’s Personal Audio Profile that lets you personalize the sound to your liking. HTC 10More In practice, though, the HTC 10’s audio isn’t as good as you’d expect. We found the BoomSound speakers exhibited impressive depth and volume, but sounded “muddy and less crisp” compared to the iPhone. Calling a winner is a tough one. The iPhone 7 has better speakers, but the HTC 10 has the all-important headphone jack. Given the state of smartphone audio accessories as they exist today, though, we’re inclined to hand HTC the crown — wireless headphones are nascent tech, and some of the best headphones around are wired. The battery is a different story. You’d think the HTC 10’s 3,000mAh battery would easily best the iPhone 7’s 1,960mAh, but intricacies conspire to make the comparison a lot less straightforward. In truth, the HTC 10 lasts longer than the iPhone 7 — just shy of a day and a half, in our testing — but not dramatically so. The iPhone 7, by comparison, lasts around a half hour less. Still, a win’s a win, and the HTC 10 edges out the iPhone 7 this round by a hair. Winner: HTC 10 Display The iPhone 7’s 5.5-inch display is a looker. One analyst recently called it “visually indistinguishable from perfect,” and other tests have praised its high contrast ratio, ambient light performance, and impressively high peak brightness. Apple has also said the Retina HD screen is 25 percent brighter than the iPhone 6S’s display, and exhibits a far wider color gamut. The HTC 10’s 5.2-inch LCD likely doesn’t compete in terms of color accuracy or brightness, but it bests the iPhone 7 in resolution. It’s Quad HD — meaning it touts 2,560 x 1,440-pixel resolution — and substantially denser in pixels (565 pixels per inch) than the iPhone 7 (326 ppi). There’s an ongoing debate about whether resolution that high is necessary on a phone, but if display sharpness is a quality you hold in higher regard than all else, the HTC 10 wins almost by default. Considering all the other characteristics, though, and it’s a different story. The iPhone 7 takes the cake. Winner: iPhone 7  Design and durability Cosmetically speaking, the iPhone 7’s design improvements are subtle. It retains the curved, “seamless” aluminum unibody design of its recent predecessors, but the infamous antenna lines on the rear casing now curve around the back corners instead of slacking across it. And for the first time in history, the iPhone is resistant to liquids — it’s rated IP67, or water-resistant in up to a meter of water for about 30 minutes. Other aesthetic changes are a bit more obvious. The rear-facing camera module, particularly on the dual-camera iPhone 7 Plus, juts out a tad more than it does on older iPhones, and the iPhone 7 sports two speaker grills on its bottom edge instead of one. The headphone jack has been replaced with a larger Taptic engine, a self-contained motor which delivers a small vibration when you tap, double tap, or press and hold on the home button or display for an extended period of time. There’s also a new color option, Jet Black, which features a mirror-like surface and high-gloss finish. Apple iPhone 7 PlusMore The HTC 10 shares little in common with the iPhone 7, aesthetically speaking. It’s noticeably heavier, weighing in at 5.68 ounces compared to the iPhone 7’s 4.87 ounces. It’s quite a bit thicker, too, given the HTC device measures about 9 millimeters in width, or about 1.8 millimeters more than the iPhone 7. Nonetheless, it’s attractive in its own way. HTC’s flagship features an aluminum matte finish with chamfered edges around the back and front, and an all-glass front with capacitive navigation buttons on both sides. On top is a 3.5-millimeter headphone jack, on the front is a fingerprint sensor, and around back are visible antenna lines and an ever-so-slightly protruding camera. Related: As the iPhone’s headphone jack dies, Apple wins and you lose The design is water-resistant, but not to the iPhone 7’s degree. It’s rated IP53, which means that, generally speaking, it can’t withstand much more than a bit of dust and a light stream of water. Design, like art, is obviously subjective. Water resistance isn’t, however, and the iPhone 7’s ability to withstand deeper depths for longer is a selling point in and of itself. Winner: iPhone 7 Camera The iPhone 7 packs an impressive shooter. In the case of the iPhone 7 Plus, it’s a dual-camera system comprised of a 12-megapixel rear camera with a 28-millimeter wide-angle lens and f/1.8 aperture, in addition to a 56-millimeter telephone lens with f/2.8 aperture. That second camera is pretty nifty, too, given it delivers up to two times optical zoom and digital zoom up to 10 times magnification. It sports optical image stabilization (OIS), and an upgraded four-LED flash, True Tone, that’s 50 percent brighter than last year’s model. Best of all, a forthcoming software update will allow you to add a bokeh effect to your photos. In pictures with close-up subjects, you’ll be able to selectively blur the backdrop of images much like on a DSLR. Apple iPhone 7 PlusMore The iPhone lacks the Plus’ secondary camera, but isn’t all the much worse for it. Its single, 12MP, 28-millimeter, f/1.8 aperture sensor benefits from every improvement except optical zoom and faux bokeh. And it, along with the iPhone 7 Plus, packs other upgrades, like a flicker sensor that supplies a supplementary source of light in poorly lit environments. Apple said the sensors 60 percent faster than the camera on the 6S, and 30 percent more energy efficient. Both phones support RAW, a format which offers a greater degree of control over color data. The front-facing cameras on the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 are an improvement over last year’s model — they’re now 7MP and feature wide color captures and automatic image stabilization. Apple said sharpness has been improved, too, a claim our preliminary testing appears to confirm. We were impressed with the quality of the cameras, especially the dual-sensor module on the iPhone 7 Plus. Pictures were sharp even in low light, and the optical lens adjustment produced some of the best zoomed-in smartphone photos we’ve seen. Related: HomeKit app shows how Android users are out of luck with Apple smart-home tech The HTC 10’s shooter is a bit different, but not dramatically. The rear-facing camera uses what HTC calls Ultrapixel 2, the second generation of the large-sensor camera tech that debuted on HTC’s One M7. Its pixel size — 1.55μm — is larger than most in its class, which HTC said dramatically improves the lighting. It boasts laser autofocus, an f/1.8 aperture, 26-millimeter focal length, dual LED flash, support for RAW images, and, like the iPhone 7, is capable of shooting up to 4K video at 30 frames per second. Perhaps the HTC 10’s most distinctive feature is a front-facing, 5MP sensor with optical image stabilization — a boon for those with a penchant for live-streaming apps such Periscope and Facebook Live. It features a f/1.8 aperture, 23-millimeter focal length, and 1.34μm. HTC 10More In our testing, we were generally pleased by the quality of photos produced by the HTC 10’s cameras. Colors appeared accurate, if a bit cool, and without the grain exhibited by other flagship smartphones in its class. But they weren’t faultless — the cameras occasionally struggled to focus on subjects correctly, especially in low light, and exhibited noisiness in dark and nighttime environments. It’s a tough call between the iPhone 7 models and HTC 10 in the photography category, but we’re giving the edge to the former. In our testing, the clarity, crispness, and accuracy of the images the iPhone 7 produced were consistently exceptional, and the dual-camera zoom produces the best zoom we’ve seen on a smartphone. Winner: iPhone 7 Operating System The iPhone 7 run iOS 10, the newest iteration of Apple’s mobile operating system. The HTC 10, in contrast, runs Android Marshmallow, the second-to-newest version of Google’s smartphone OS. Comparing the two is like comparing apples (no pun intended) to oranges. We’ve broken down the major differences rather exhaustively in the past, but suffice to say that Android the more customizable operating system of the two, while most people find iOS easier to use. If you want to be able to be able to master basics such as calling, texting, and using apps quickly, the iPhone is the way to go. Related: Which smartphone OS wins 2015? Android Marshmallow, iOS 9, or Windows 10 Mobile? That’s not to say Android isn’t easy to use — it just takes a little more work to learn. The HTC 10 sports software that other Android smartphones don’t. It’s the first to support Apple’s AirPlay out of the box, and has a new customization feature, “Freestyle Layout,” which allows you to drag icons and widgets anywhere. The latter also lets you replace icons and widgets with “stickers” from HTC Themes. iOS 10 WWDCMore Software features aren’t the only major differences between the platforms, though. High-profile apps and games generally come to the App Store first, and Android updates are frequently beholden to Android manufacturers and carriers who must approve them. HTC isn’t always quick to update its devices with the latest patches and upgrades, though Apple is usually prompt in dispatching updates to all iOS users simultaneously. You’ll always have the latest software if you own an iPhone 7, and that makes it a winner for us. Winner: iPhone 7 Pricing and availability The iPhone 7 starts at $649 for the 32GB model. You can choose from two more storage options — 128GB, and 256GB. The Jet Black model currently only comes in either a 128GB and 256GB configuration. The iPhone 7 Plus costs $769, and is available in 32, 128, and 256GB configuration. Both devices are available in stores and online now. All carriers have various deals and trade-in offers for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and Apple has its very own iPhone Upgrade program. You can read up about all the different ways to order the two devices here. Carriers share the same monthly price across the board, and we’ve listed the base price of the 32GB variant below. AT&T: The iPhone 7 costs $650, but you can opt for monthly payments of $21.67 for 30 months. The iPhone 7 Plus costs $770, and a monthly payment plan will set you back $25.67 for 30 months. T-Mobile: The iPhone 7 costs $650, but you can opt for monthly payments of $27.08 for 24 months. The iPhone 7 Plus costs $770, and a monthly payment plan will set you back $32.08 for 24 months. Verizon: The iPhone 7 costs $650, but you can opt for monthly payments of $27.08 for 24 months. The iPhone 7 Plus costs $770, and a monthly payment plan will set you back $32.08 for 24 months. Sprint: The iPhone 7 costs $650, but you can opt for monthly payments of $27.08 for 24 months. The iPhone 7 Plus costs $770, and a monthly payment plan will set you back $32.08 for 24 months. The HTC 10 is comparable in terms of pricing. It starts at $700 unlocked for a 32GB model, or $600 if you opt for a bundle without JBL’s noise-cancelling headphones, the JBL Reflect Aware C. Verizon is selling the HTC 10 for $27 a month for 24 months. The phone costs $648 if you buy the 32GB version outright. You can grab the 10 on Verizon’s website now. Sprint has an installment plan of $26 a month for 24 months, or you can buy the device at full price for $624. You can read about it here. The HTC 10 and iPhone 7 are fairly comparable in terms of pricing, but the HTC 10 lacks the breadth of storage configurations offered for Apple’s latest smartphones. There are fewer buying options, too, as the HTC 10 isn’t available from nearly as many carriers as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. For those reasons, the iPhone 7 nabs yet another win. Winner: iPhone 7 iPhone 7 wins Deciding between the HTC 10 and iPhone 7 isn’t easy. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus pack spectacular cameras that put much of the smartphone competition to shame, but lack a 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. The HTC 10 sports a Hi-Fi sound processing and loud speakers, but doesn’t match the iPhone 7’s degree of water resistance. The HTC 10, truth be told, isn’t the best bang for your Android smartphone buck. Its display and cameras are not only in many ways inferior to the iPhone 7, but fall short of the bar set by Samsung’s Galaxy S7 Edge earlier this summer. Quite frankly, it’s already showing its age. The HTC 10 isn’t to be dismissed out of hand. If the customizability afforded by Android is a must, it’s the obvious choice. But in terms of usability and camera performance, most users will find the iPhone 7 and iOS superior. Which big iPhone should you buy? iPhone 7 Plus vs. iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Is the iPhone still best when you go big? iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 6S: Should you make the leap to the next generation? Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Companies Apple Londoners react to landmark new Apple HQ at Battersea Power Station Apple will move 1,400 staff into its new headquarters by 2021. By Priyanka Mogul September 28, 2016 15:06 BST Close Embed Feed Apple to create spectacular new London campus at Battersea Power Station Battersea Power Station <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/20860" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Apple is set to create a brand new London headquarters at Battersea Power Station, it was revealed on 28 September. Roughly 1,400 staff are expected to move into the "new Apple campus" at the former electricity generator. The site is being restored after more than 30 years of neglect and Apple employees are set to occupy all six floors of office space in the Thames-side location. Apple is set to open the new building in 2021 and it will be one of its biggest headquarters outside of the US. However, Apple's main Europe headquarters will remain in Cork, Ireland, where some 4,000 people are employed. A spokesperson for Apple said: "This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history." The move is said to have come as a relief amid concerns about reducing foreign investment in the development zone on London's south bank. Apple has expressed delight over moving to "one of the city's best-known landmarks" in a deal which has taken roughly one year to negotiate. The new Apple HQ at Battersea Power Station is set to be one of the company's biggest sites outside the USBattersea Power Station Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has also hailed the deal, saying: "I am delighted that Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station, helping to generate new jobs and economic prosperity for Londoners. It is a further sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment." Apple will lease roughly 500,000sq ft of office space at Battersea Power Station, almost 40% of the total space within the development. Londoners have been quick to comment on the deal, with Battersea Power Station trending across the city soon after the news broke. IBTimes UK rounds up some of the mixed responses to the new Apple HQ. Excitement... Others were disappointed... Some had other plans for Battersea Power Station... Many were quick to comment on Apple's taxes... Some joked about Apple's battery life... Brexit was also thrown into the discussion... Apple is making a new HQ in the UK at Battersea Power Station!@VoteRemainUK, how's Brexit turning investors away and harming the economy?— Noothan (@nathanwgbfc) September 28, 2016 More from IBTimes UK Stoned, arrested and victims of 'abductions': Who are Zimbabwe's street vendors? Usain Bolt not marrying 'first lady' Kasi Bennett any time soon: 'Give me some time' High Court bans publication of 'hacked' Pippa Middleton iCloud photos This while project is going to look GREAT ... from a helicopter (just see flats if you're passing on a train). https://t.co/sIm2DNQiMn— Warren Chrismas (@warrenchrismas) September 28, 2016 so v cool (all else aside Boris did nail it in attracting the investment/redevelopment from Malaysia when Mayor) https://t.co/BxVs9WphPC— Eileen Burbidge (@eileentso) September 28, 2016 Gutted to hear of Apple moving into Battersea Power Station. Gentrification continues, #Battersea can no longer be my home or many others.— Ruth Beresford (@reberesford) September 28, 2016 APPLE ARE MOVING TO BATTERSEA POWER STATION 2021!!? Watch the south side of the river councils evict all the brown people by 2019.— W. (@WyattFDixon) September 28, 2016 Always hoped for Battersea Power Station to turn into an Arena or a football stadium. Would be epic with the chimneys. https://t.co/U9cv0DbtRa— Lewis Pugsley (@PugsleyLewis) September 28, 2016 Gr8 4 #London but wish they would pay their taxes #Apple to create stunning new HQ at Battersea Power Station https://t.co/XDuRDU5ejD— Lucille48%Grant (@Loulou45Grant) September 28, 2016 Of all the companies that could move into Battersea Power Station, it has to be the one whose batteries don't last. #apple— Steve Masters (@masterstips) September 28, 2016 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump meet for first time Columnists Laura Bates “Hillary Clinton had an inspiring message - but would you look at her make-up! READ MORE Tesco warns suppliers against unjustified price rises Tesco CEO Dave Lewis says consumers should not be forced to pay 'inflated prices' due to exchange rate volatility. MPs want government to halve air passenger tax British government generates £3bn a year from air passenger tax but MPs claim it could hurt business links. Brexit backers attack 'nonsensical' Barack Obama over latest EU intervention Conservative MEP David Campbell Bannerman told IBTimes UK there is no transparency over TTIP. Bill Gates backs India's demonetisation move Microsoft founder says demonetisation will accelerate India's shift towards a digitised economy. IBT Media to host Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. R3 hosts the Second Smart Contract Templates Summit IBTimes speaks to Todd McDonald from R3, Dr Lee Braine from Barclays, and Sean Murphy from Norton Rose Fulbright. Equibit to begin beta testing blockchain-based OTC securities platform EDC has completed its Supernode installation and partnered with data centre giant Equinix. Factom gets Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation grant to secure medical records on the blockchain Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation funding is set to fill an urgent need in developing nations. IoD predicts UK will slash corporation tax to 15% because of Donald Trump Top business body told IBTimes UK that Western economies will follow the White House's lead. Volkswagen set to cut 30,000 jobs at its VW brand by 2021 Europe's largest car-maker will cut 23,000 jobs at its German plant to fund a shift towards electric cars. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Army sergeant denies wife's attempted murder after her parachute fails to open at 4,000ft About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple just made a huge deal to push the iPhone into big businesses Matt Weinberger Sep. 28, 2016, 2:22 PM 57,104 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook Getty Images/Leigh Vogel Apple has signed a deal with Deloitte, the world's largest consulting firm, to accelerate its big push to get the iPhone into the hands of big businesses.  Under the terms of the deal, Deloitte will open a new business, tasking 5,000 "strategic advisors" with helping its clients adopt iPhones and iPads across all corners of their business, according to a press release. Plus, Deloitte and Apple will collaborate on a new product called "EnterpriseNext," which will make it easier for businesses to build custom apps for their employees and customers. This is a big deal for Apple and Deloitte alike: The biggest enterprises in the world all turn to Deloitte to help them integrate new technologies into the way they do business. With the iPhone continuing to dominate the smartphone market, demand among those clients to get going with Apple technology is strong and abiding. Meanwhile, Apple has already inked partnerships with companies like IBM and SAP, turning to the experienced enterprise software vendors for help in making the iPhone more business-ready. With this Deloitte deal, Apple gets even more enterprise software acumen on its side. It's a crucial growth area for Apple: Wall Street is concerned that iPhone sales have peaked, especially given the signals that demand for the new iPhone 7 is lower than projected. The burden falls on Apple to find new growth areas for the iPhone, and businesses, which are slow to adopt new technology, are a major opportunity. SEE ALSO: Apple and German software company SAP just signed a key partnership NOW WATCH: Here's why you should start using Apple Maps instead of Google Maps on your iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Deloitte facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple just made a huge deal to push the iPhone into big businesses Apple just made a huge deal to push the iPhone into big businesses Apple has signed a deal with Deloitte, the... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Where the Apple Watch should go next Apple's second-generation smartwatch is better, but there are obvious things it should still have...and a few that could help it be more of a must-have product. Sarah Tew/CNET Where the Apple Watch should go next 0 Share: Wearable Tech by Scott Stein September 28, 2016 9:50 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy I'm about to tell you something you probably already know: Smartwatches aren't a perfected thing yet. I've been wearing the Apple Watch Series 2 for a couple of weeks, now. The new hardware combined with improved WatchOS 3 software are a winning combination. It's faster, now. It's a better fitness tracker. It's swimproof and has GPS. It's easier to use. It's now a far more polished product, and something that, if you're an iPhone owner who's looking for something to put on their wrist, is definitely worth considering. But there are a few key parts the Apple Watch still doesn't have yet that I'd like to see. Many of these could come in a software update. Some would require new hardware. But the Apple Watch has a few areas for improvement that would make it a lot more essential on my wrist. 43 Hands-on with the Apple Watch Series 2 What could be fixed via software (probably): A watch face store: Amazingly, the Apple Watch still doesn't have a store for watch faces. There are now a good handful of highly customizable faces to play around with, but if you want something like a New York Jets watch face (hint hint) or a Nintendo one or a Pokemon Go face...you're out of luck. Other smartwatches have watch face stores: Pebble, Android Wear, Samsung Gear S2 (and upcoming S3). Choice is a good thing. What's funny is that special customized watch faces like the Nike+ one, or Hermes, only come with special-edition watches. You can't download them. A deeper selection of unique designer faces would be welcome. I'd buy a bunch. A better music player. The Apple Watch is absolutely bizarre as a standalone music player. Most people don't even realize the Apple Watch can store music. If you can figure out where in the Watch app you need to go to sync music, you'll discover it can only sync one playlist at a time, up to 2GB of music. And, even then, that music needs to be downloaded to your phone first via Apple Music. No podcasts, and no easy add-to-watch function in the Apple Music app. If the Apple Watch is ever going to be a fitness iPod, syncing needs to be fixed. And ideally, there should be a faster-access way to get to and control music during workouts, too. For Apple Watch, second time's the charm The first upgrade to Apple's smartwatch delivers GPS, a brighter screen, a faster chip and full waterproofing. Do the improvements make the new Apple Watch a must-have? by Scott Stein 1:35 Close Drag Automatic workout tracking. The Apple Watch still doesn't do something that other trackers are increasingly doing. Run with a Fitbit, or engage in any workout, and the exercise session is recognized and recorded. It can be tagged later, in case you want to define it as weightlifting or an elliptical. Apple Watch workouts have to be started in the Workouts app. More automatic auto-tracking would be welcome. An always-on watch face option. I'm OK with the Apple Watch just being a lift-to-look watch that has its watch face off by default most of the time, but I'd really prefer an always-on face. It's completely achievable with the sort of OLED display that the Watch already has: in fact, Samsung and Android Wear watches already feature this by default. Then I wouldn't be tapping and lifting my arm so much. An easier way to find apps (still). I love the new dock in WatchOS 3, a one-button access to find and fast-access most-used apps. But the rest of the apps that end up filling up my Apple Watch get lost in a grid of colored circles...and I never see them again. It's impossible to guess what most of these apps are on-watch. Instead, why not have a list of apps, or even folders or categories? If I have five fitness apps I want to try, why can't I bundle them together? Same with messaging apps, or games? I still feel like somewhere between Siri as an on-watch tool, the app-access dock, and the various app-shortcut "complications" on the Apple Watch watch faces that the Apple Watch can get confusing to operate. It's far more customizable now, and I find I can get myself to apps and functions a little faster than before. But I still feel like there are odd moments where I want the watch to do something and am hesitant about how to make that happen. A more seamless way to interact with lots of things, and be a better standalone device. The Watch can function over recognized Wi-Fi to do a good handful of things when I'm at home or at the office, but even now it feels like it's only taking quick excursions away from the mothership that's the iPhone it's paired with. If the Apple Watch became even more aware of other Macs, iPads or iPhones nearby, and could help activate other devices (the Mac-unlocking trick Apple Watch can do via MacOS Sierra is a start), the watch could start feeling more like a magic key. As more little gadgets become connected devices in a homewide network of things, the Apple Watch could be the helpful glue. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET What new hardware could offer: Better battery life, or power efficiency: The Apple Watch Series 2 already improved on the original Apple Watch battery life. It now lasts around a day and a half to two days on my wrist versus a day before, but it's still a battery-challenged device. Worse, if you're a runner who uses GPS, battery plummets fast. Battery life is tough to achieve on something that's small and powerful...but I'd still like to see it get towards 3 days or more. Maybe it could have a lower-power smartwatch mode. Charging every day, which is what I still basically need to do, isn't great. Sleep tracking: iOS 10 now has a sleep-reminder function called Bedtime in its Clock app, but the Apple Watch still doesn't log sleep. Third-party apps can serve as workarounds, but integrating real sleep tracking (or sleep logging) into Apple's Activity and Health apps would fill one obvious missing gap in Apple's wellness picture. Most fitness bands include sleep tracking out of the box. Of course, sleep tracking would go hand-in-hand with better battery life: the Watch needs to get to a place where it's not assumed that you're charging it overnight. For this reason, sleep tracking feels like it needs new hardware. An altimeter. The Apple Watch Series 2 doesn't measure elevation, and neither does Series 1. But other fitness trackers and watches feature barometric altimeters. They're useful for recording stair-climbing stats, among other things. Fitbit's flights-of-stairs-climbed metric is something I've found helpful as a take-the-stairs motivator. The iPhone measures altitude, but Apple Watch does not. New sensors? Optical heart rate sensors just aren't all that wonderful. No wrist-worn tracker with optical heart rate that I've ever worn has not had some fluctuation, or measurement weirdness, at some point or another. Maybe a more accurate heart rate sensing technology could be an answer. More advanced health-sensing wearable sensors are in the works from Samsung and Alphabet, and perhaps Apple has something up its sleeve too. LTE? Maybe. I don't need a watch that has its own cellular connection, like Samsung's S2 and S3 watches have, or the LG Watch Urbane LTE. At least, not the way it currently works. Cellular plans still aren't friendly to how wrist gadgets work with cellular -- not for me, at least -- and small watches don't do enough on the network to justify the effort. Watches either need to take a battery hit or get larger to accommodate the longer battery life. I haven't tested the Samsung Gear S3 with LTE, which may have solved the problem of a phone-connected watch...but I'd prefer a watch that finds ways to connect to other gadgets and places better, versus connect to LTE. Unless, of course, someone cracks a way to make LTE-connected service feel more functional or necessary, or affordable. Maybe some features will come in software updates. Others, well, we may have to wait for Series 3. Tags Wearable Tech 9 Design 6 Battery 8 Performance 8 Software CNET Review Apple Watch Series 2 GPS, waterproofing and faster software make Apple's new smartwatch finally click, but don't expect huge battery life. $369.00 See it Related Stories How to buy Snapchat Spectacles Here's what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like The dream of the no-charge watch: Matrix PowerWatch claims to run on your body heat (hands-on) Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Where the Apple Watch should go next Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple is Reportedly Planning an October Launch for the New MacBook Pro LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 28, 2016 at 9:29pm by iClarified · 13709 views · Translate Apple is moving rapidly towards the launch of new MacBook Pro models next month, according to a MacRumors report. The company's work on macOS 10.12.1 is said to be focused on preparing the OS to support the new hardware features of the next generation MacBook Pro. Recent rumors have suggested that the notebook will feature an OLED touch bar that replaces the function keys and possibly Touch ID support. Additionally, Apple may shift to 'Polaris' graphics chips from AMD on the higher end 15-inch models. Our understanding is that Apple is planning to seed one more beta version of macOS 10.12.1 for developer and public beta testing early next week, with a goal of finalizing the software update by the end of that week so it can be loaded onto the new hardware currently being produced by Apple's supply chain partners. This timeline suggests that the new models may be ready to ship to customers in the second half of October. Apple is said to be pushing minor bug fixes until macOS 10.12.2 in order to make sure everything is ready for the new hardware. It's unclear if Apple plans to also launch the rumored MacBook Air with USB-C ports and new iMacs with AMD graphics at the same time. If the company does hold a Mac focused event in October, there have also been rumors that a 5K external display is in the works. Check out some concept renders of the new MacBook Pro here. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (12) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:48pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobilea2qsd Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Selvamax - September 30, 2016 at 1:46am What about iMac ? November event and MacBook Air / Thunderbolt Display ? December event Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Great! - September 29, 2016 at 3:24pm If they sell the MacBook without headphone jack AND with free AirPods, would you get it? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Kk - September 29, 2016 at 3:04pm "New" macbook pro.. Im pretty sure it's going to be another incremental upgrade Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Jj - September 30, 2016 at 1:19am I second that. I think it will be major like the iPad Pro from the Air 2. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 7 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe Did Your Customers Get Tattoos of Your Logo? These Did. KFC | Youtube Rose Leadem Online Editorial Assistant Would you get inked for your favorite brand? You’d be surprised how many people actually answer “yes.” For many people, having a brand’s logo tattooed on them is an embodiment of the impact that company has made on their lives. For others, these logo tattoos are just for “fun.” Check out these 10 companies who have inspired customers to get inked. 1 / 8 Tough Mudder | Twitter Tough Mudder It’s not uncommon for a diehard Tough Mudder competitor -- or even just a fan -- to get inked with the logo. Tough Mudder encourages it. After someone gets the logo tattooed, he or she is instructed to submit a copy of the receipt so they can be awarded free entry to the next Tough Mudder competition. 2 / 8 Anytime Fitness | Twitter Anytime Fitness Much like Tough Mudder, 24-hour fitness franchise Anytime Fitness encourages and reimburses customers who brand their bodies with the “running man” logo. But to Anytime Fitness and its brand evangelists, the tattoo is more than just a logo -- it’s a symbol of their “Anytime Story,” a time when they overcame an obstacle or reached a goal. Since May of this year, more than 3,000 people got Anytime Fitness tattoos. 3 / 8 Tomohiro Ohsumi | Getty Images Apple Even though Apple is one of the most popular brands ever, it’s still surprising to see how many people take their loyalty a step further. One loyal fan says he got his Apple tattoo in honor of his wife -- because they shared the same anniversary date as Apple's founding. The Virgin Mary and her sacred Apple tattoo by Sweety Follow @sweetytattoo to see more of… https://t.co/2MbJxDNq3x pic.twitter.com/UIosMgUKCW— NYHC Tattoo (@NYHCtattoo) September 11, 2016 Others -- well -- they must simply love Apple, getting tattoos ranging from the company’s early rainbow-filled logo to MacBook power buttons. Check some out here. 4 / 8 Bloomberg | Getty Images Wal-Mart Apparently, Wal-Mart has a few diehard fans too. The “Save Money. Live Better.” motto must have really spoken to these customers -- at least enough to convince them that a tattoo was in order. If Trump's brand was the sum of all his voters it'd be this Wal Mart tattoo. pic.twitter.com/EeAkCK8Xbx— Kenny Ellsworth (@kenny_ellsworth) June 15, 2016 5 / 8 Stian Ytterdahl | Facebook McDonald’s These people must really be lovin’ it. From golden arches to happy meals -- McDonald’s fans get pretty crafty with their tattoos.   One fan’s “artistic” endeavors even circulated the news. Norwegian teenager Stian Ytterdah got his McDonald’s receipt tattooed on his right arm as a “joke” with his friends. But a week later, he got the same receipt tattooed on his left arm, reports ABC News. 6 / 8 Coca-Cola Coca-Cola Since its bubbly beginnings in 1886, the refreshing beverage brand took the world by storm. It hasn’t lost momentum since. A number of people get the long-lived Coca-cola logo tattooed on their bodies -- but to many it’s more than just a “logo,” it’s a fashion statement. Check out some "refreshing" Cola tattoos here. 7 / 8 KFC | Youtube KFC That “Finger Lickin’ Goodness” is irresistible to some customers, so much so that they decided to get it stamped on their bodies forever. One superfan even agreed to get a KFC Double Down sandwich tattooed on his leg for a commercial. Referred to by KFC as the “Ultimate KFC Double Down Fan,” the unnamed man reminisces about the first time he tried the sandwich while on the first date with his girlfriend. “I guess that’s how it all started,” he says in the video. 8 / 8 John Hawkins via Wordpress Wordpress For Jeff Matson, Wordpress is more than just a web platform: “Wordpress is a way of life,” he states on his blog. Matson says that Wordpress changed his life and taught him that he can do, create and be anything. Wordpress won’t live on forever, Matson says, which is why he got something to remind him of it. Matson’s not the only one who feels this way about Wordpress either. Check out Wordpress’ fan art page for a list of other customers who got the “W” logo inked on their bodies. Did Your Customers Get Tattoos of Your Logo? These Did. Up Next... Make More Happen Tattooing Your Logo: When Branding Becomes Literal William Bauer 5 min read Popular Galleries Growing Industries The 15 Most Profitable Small-Business Industries Carolyn Sun Make More Happen 10 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal the Books That Changed Their Lives Nina Zipkin Lifestyle The 5 Best and 5 Worst U.S. States for Having a Baby Grace Reader Previous Slide Start Slideshow Next Slide Latest Galleries Travel The Most and Least Reliable Airports and Airlines Rose Leadem Gifts 12 Gifts to Help Stressed Entrepreneurs Relax During the Hectic Holiday Season Rose Leadem Top Colleges The 25 Best Undergraduate Programs for Entrepreneurship in 2017 The Princeton Review Staff Top Colleges The 25 Best Graduate Programs for Entrepreneurship in 2017 The Princeton Review Staff Show more galleries Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe Did Your Customers Get Tattoos of Your Logo? These Did. KFC | Youtube Rose Leadem Online Editorial Assistant Would you get inked for your favorite brand? You’d be surprised how many people actually answer “yes.” For many people, having a brand’s logo tattooed on them is an embodiment of the impact that company has made on their lives. For others, these logo tattoos are just for “fun.” Check out these 10 companies who have inspired customers to get inked. 1 / 8 Tough Mudder | Twitter Tough Mudder It’s not uncommon for a diehard Tough Mudder competitor -- or even just a fan -- to get inked with the logo. Tough Mudder encourages it. After someone gets the logo tattooed, he or she is instructed to submit a copy of the receipt so they can be awarded free entry to the next Tough Mudder competition. 2 / 8 Anytime Fitness | Twitter Anytime Fitness Much like Tough Mudder, 24-hour fitness franchise Anytime Fitness encourages and reimburses customers who brand their bodies with the “running man” logo. But to Anytime Fitness and its brand evangelists, the tattoo is more than just a logo -- it’s a symbol of their “Anytime Story,” a time when they overcame an obstacle or reached a goal. Since May of this year, more than 3,000 people got Anytime Fitness tattoos. 3 / 8 Tomohiro Ohsumi | Getty Images Apple Even though Apple is one of the most popular brands ever, it’s still surprising to see how many people take their loyalty a step further. One loyal fan says he got his Apple tattoo in honor of his wife -- because they shared the same anniversary date as Apple's founding. The Virgin Mary and her sacred Apple tattoo by Sweety Follow @sweetytattoo to see more of… https://t.co/2MbJxDNq3x pic.twitter.com/UIosMgUKCW— NYHC Tattoo (@NYHCtattoo) September 11, 2016 Others -- well -- they must simply love Apple, getting tattoos ranging from the company’s early rainbow-filled logo to MacBook power buttons. Check some out here. 4 / 8 Bloomberg | Getty Images Wal-Mart Apparently, Wal-Mart has a few diehard fans too. The “Save Money. Live Better.” motto must have really spoken to these customers -- at least enough to convince them that a tattoo was in order. If Trump's brand was the sum of all his voters it'd be this Wal Mart tattoo. pic.twitter.com/EeAkCK8Xbx— Kenny Ellsworth (@kenny_ellsworth) June 15, 2016 5 / 8 Stian Ytterdahl | Facebook McDonald’s These people must really be lovin’ it. From golden arches to happy meals -- McDonald’s fans get pretty crafty with their tattoos.   One fan’s “artistic” endeavors even circulated the news. Norwegian teenager Stian Ytterdah got his McDonald’s receipt tattooed on his right arm as a “joke” with his friends. But a week later, he got the same receipt tattooed on his left arm, reports ABC News. 6 / 8 Coca-Cola Coca-Cola Since its bubbly beginnings in 1886, the refreshing beverage brand took the world by storm. It hasn’t lost momentum since. A number of people get the long-lived Coca-cola logo tattooed on their bodies -- but to many it’s more than just a “logo,” it’s a fashion statement. Check out some "refreshing" Cola tattoos here. 7 / 8 KFC | Youtube KFC That “Finger Lickin’ Goodness” is irresistible to some customers, so much so that they decided to get it stamped on their bodies forever. One superfan even agreed to get a KFC Double Down sandwich tattooed on his leg for a commercial. Referred to by KFC as the “Ultimate KFC Double Down Fan,” the unnamed man reminisces about the first time he tried the sandwich while on the first date with his girlfriend. “I guess that’s how it all started,” he says in the video. 8 / 8 John Hawkins via Wordpress Wordpress For Jeff Matson, Wordpress is more than just a web platform: “Wordpress is a way of life,” he states on his blog. Matson says that Wordpress changed his life and taught him that he can do, create and be anything. Wordpress won’t live on forever, Matson says, which is why he got something to remind him of it. Matson’s not the only one who feels this way about Wordpress either. Check out Wordpress’ fan art page for a list of other customers who got the “W” logo inked on their bodies. Did Your Customers Get Tattoos of Your Logo? These Did. Up Next... Make More Happen Tattooing Your Logo: When Branding Becomes Literal William Bauer 5 min read Popular Galleries Growing Industries The 15 Most Profitable Small-Business Industries Carolyn Sun Make More Happen 10 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal the Books That Changed Their Lives Nina Zipkin Lifestyle The 5 Best and 5 Worst U.S. States for Having a Baby Grace Reader Previous Slide Start Slideshow Next Slide Latest Galleries Travel The Most and Least Reliable Airports and Airlines Rose Leadem Gifts 12 Gifts to Help Stressed Entrepreneurs Relax During the Hectic Holiday Season Rose Leadem Top Colleges The 25 Best Undergraduate Programs for Entrepreneurship in 2017 The Princeton Review Staff Top Colleges The 25 Best Graduate Programs for Entrepreneurship in 2017 The Princeton Review Staff Show more galleries Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Apple is moving to Battersea Power Station in 2021 Apple is moving to Battersea Power Station in 2021 Wednesday, 28 September 2016 Apple has said today that it will be leasing space at the Battersea Power Station. The tech giant will be taking around 500,000 square feet across six floors inside the converted riverside power station. When Apple moves in in 2021, it will account for 40 per cent of the development's total office space. Apple will be moving 1,400 of its employees from its current office near Oxford Circus. *Read more*: Three signs the iPhone 7 will be a huge hit for Apple Sadiq Khan, mayor of London, welcomed the news, saying: "I am delighted that Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station, helping generate new jobs and economic prosperity for Londoners. "It is a further sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment." Rob Tincknell, chief executive of Battersea Power Station Development Company, said: "We are delighted that Apple has chosen to make Battersea Power Station its home. "It has always been our clear objective to create one of London's most thriving new communities and this commitment from Apple will undoubtedly help us achieve our goal." » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business VOLKSWAGEN plans 23,000 job cuts in Germany Tesla shareholders approve $2.6bn SOLARCITY takeover THREE MOBILE: Arrests made over data breach South Korea nixes GOOGLE mapping plans AIRBNB offers travel services in push to diversify Ford tells Trump no Lincoln SUV production going to MEXICO GERMANY's Producer Prices Drop At Slower Pace In October Attorney: Adoptee Deported to SOUTH KOREA, a Country He Never Knew Trump selects Sessions for ATTORNEY GENERAL BUCKINGHAM PALACE set for $458 million refurb Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jared Kushner Barack Obama Roddy Piper Kanye West Current Topics Attorney General Volkswagen Security Adviser National Security Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 10:18 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Haze MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple to make Battersea Power Station its London HQ Wednesday September 28, 2016 10:36 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Arts festival looks at what goes into a plate of food Street protests against Islamic law, Jakim tells Muslims Astronauts back on earth after China’s longest-ever mission With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Around 1,400 staff from eight existing offices in London will relocate to the renovated landmark. ― Reuters picNEW YORK, Sept 28 — Global technology colossus Apple today announced plans to create a London headquarters in the iconic and long-abandoned Battersea Power Station on the banks of the River Thames. “We are looking forward to opening Apple’s new London campus at The Battersea Power Station in 2021,” the world’s most valuable company said in a statement.  Around 1,400 staff from eight existing offices in London will relocate to the renovated landmark, whose distinctive chimneys have towered over the central neighbourhood of Battersea since the 1930s. The former power station lay derelict since it stopped generating electricity in 1983, but is undergoing a £9 billion (RM48.3 billion) makeover to turn the 42-acre (170,000 square metre) space into offices, apartments, shops and leisure facilities. The new “Apple complex” will take over 40 per cent of the office space. The firm called it “a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history.” Finance minister Philip Hammond said the announcement “further strengthens London’s position as a global technology hub, and demonstrates how the UK is at the forefront of the next steps in the tech-revolution. The power station is one of the world’s largest brick structures, and is noted for its Art Deco interior fittings. It has frequently popped up in popular culture, featuring in The Beatles film Help! and on the cover on Pink Floyd’s 1977 album Animals. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Fintech association anticipates regional investments Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership European stocks falter, euro hits 12-month dollar low Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar ‘Fantastic Beasts’ of the TSA with James Corden, Eddie Redmayne Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Huawei wants to beat Apple in smartphones in two years TAG Heuer invades Apple’s home turf with Silicon Valley office Apple’s new laptop gets more touchy, but not on its screen Apple seeks to reclaim lost PC market share with new Macs Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Features Apple Watch Series 2: The two things that Apple hopes will convince you to buy its second wearable The new Watch brings a range of new features. But it’s really about two things – which together add up to one big thing Andrew Griffin @_andrew_griffin Wednesday 28 September 2016 15:50 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Apple Inc. COO Jeff Williams discusses the Apple Watch Series 2 during a media event in San Francisco Reuters The new Apple Watch is here. But you might not be able to tell. The brand new Watch – named the Series 2 – looks almost exactly the same as the existing one. And beyond a few small changes, you might not be able to notice when it’s turned on: it uses the same software and packs in mosts of the same features. Gradually, though, it dawns on you: the screen is a little brighter. Everything runs a little faster. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 40 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/40 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 2/40 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 3/40 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 4/40 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 5/40 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 6/40 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 7/40 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 8/40 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 9/40 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 10/40 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 11/40 Visitors look at television monitors by Samsung Electronics during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 12/40 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 13/40 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 14/40 Visitors experience Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 15/40 A woman looks at the Apple iPhone 7 at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 16/40 People buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 17/40 People wait in line to buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 18/40 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 19/40 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 20/40 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 21/40 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 22/40 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 23/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 24/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 25/40 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 26/40 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 27/40 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 28/40 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 29/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch GAME Digital 30/40 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 31/40 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty 32/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 33/40 PlayStation VR Customers make a line to buy Sony PlayStation's virtual reality (PSVR) headset at an electronics retail shop in Tokyo Getty 34/40 Samsung Note 7 returns Customers return their Samsung Note 7 mobile phones at a dealership in Seoul, South Korea Getty 35/40 Samsung Note 7 returns An employee checks exchanged Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 at company's headquarters in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 36/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods Technicians look at data as a driverless pod is tested in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 37/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods The driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 38/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods A journalist operates a driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 39/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities Eric Anselmo wearing an electrode skull cap as he trains with team members for the brain-computer interface (BCI) race competition of the first Cybathlon event in St-Sulpice near Lausanne, Switzerland EPA 40/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities During the brain-computer interface (BCI) race, paraplegic pilots control their avatars in a computer game through special brain-to-computer interfaces EPA And then you jump in a pool or you run around without your phone in your pocket. And that’s when you realise – if you have need for it, this Watch might be entirely different. Swimming For people who swim (obviously), this was the most clearly lacking thing in the first watch. It claimed to be a fitness tracker, but it excluded one of the most popular fitness activities in the world. That’s all fixed now – a combination of swimproofing that means the water won’t kill the phone, and new software that can accurately track how you’re doing, makes it into a great all-round fitness tracker. (There are still some things lacking, like tracking for weights, but it’s possible to put those in the “Other” category.) The software works by watching for when the Watches sensors feel that it’s been moved enough for one stroke. And other sensors watch for when a swimmer has turned around in the pool, meaning that it can know both how frantically a person is swimming and how far they’re actually getting. Georgie Bloy, swim manager at Virgin Active Broadgate, said that having that sort of information can prove especially useful to beginners. Read more Apple Watch Series 2 review: The same, but entirely different “Some of my clients when they first start may only be able to swim 4-6 lengths in one go,” she said. “Fitness trackers are great for keeping tabs on progress and helping you reach your goals. For those who are also looking to monitor calories, they also can help you monitor how many you burn during swimming.” Unfortunately, some of the more granular and useful information is lacking. As Ms Bloy indicates, it’s very useful to know how much you’re advancing, for instance – but the Apple Watch’s Activity app doesn’t give much information about how you’re coming along and what you could do better. For example, professional swimmers might want to track their time per 100 meters and see how quickly they can swim it, Ms Bloy said. “If your fitness tracker allows you track your time in 100m period, it can help you monitor progress – particularly useful for people who are training for swimming competitions or triathlons.” The Watch does track speed over distance. But it doesn’t present that information especially helpfully – and does nothing with it. It would be incredibly helpful, for instance, to know whether you’re better at swimming in the morning or at night; or if going for a swim before you go to bed helps you sleep better. Apple has all of that information – it can now even track sleep by watching how you use your phone – but it still doesn’t feel like it’s making the most out of it. GPSing The other big feature is the addition of GPS. That’s even less obviously there than swimming – but it’s perhaps even more important. The key fact is that the Watch will now be able to tell where it is, even when it doesn’t have the phone. That makes it into a genuine running companion on its own – something it was regularly advertised as, but which was undermined a little by the fact that it needed the phone to properly track your activity. Now it will know where you are. And despite Apple’s somewhat limited use of data, it does that information in a very useful way – decorating the Activity app with a map that shows everywhere you’ve run and how quickly you’ve done it. And the big worry in advance of the event – that battery life would die with GPS – doesn’t seem to have happened. The GPS only switches on when the Watch is away from the phone, and the battery is much improved so that (Apple claims) it can make it through an entire marathon. And it even works with swimming, grabbing its location from the sky when it’s above the water. At Apple’s event, it showed off that feature with a new app called ViewRanger. That isn’t actually about running, or about fitness in the strict sense that it tends to appear in Apple’s marketing documents – instead, it’s about walking (or running) into nature. Craig Wareham, founder and CEO of ViewRanger, said that the new features in the watch together made it into exactly the kind of thing that it’s easy to imagine taking out into the wilderness. “Individually they’re all interesting,” he said. “But when you put them together on the same device, it really moves the Apple watch into something I’m very happy and secure taking out to the most rugged of environments.” A sneak-peek at the new Apple Watch As such, the Watch can easily take on the more devoted outdoor watches – which tend to be big, expensive and not especially nice to look at, Mr Wareham said. ViewRanger shows too that GPS tools aren’t just about running around and tracking that information. The company lets its users download information about particular areas - meaning that they can go out on a walk without their phone, and don’t have to worry about losing contact with it. Because the Watch now has GPS, it can use that local information to find its own way around. It all adds up to a Watch that might still have its own problems, but finally becomes something that you can rely on for everything. On the face of it, adding relatively small features like swimming and location might seem small – but they finally push the Watch from being something specialised to something that can happily sit on your wrist all the time. More about: Apple Watch Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Crawley Observer Search More Close ] News Opinion Business Celebs Crime Education Environment Health National Offbeat Politics Regional Transport Your Say News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle Hit the road Jack JPCT 150713 Alan Stainer. Photo by Derek Martin 08:51 Sunday 18 September 2016 0 Have your say So have you heard the one about the smartphone that doesn’t have an audio jack? No? Where have you been? The latest iPhones (the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus) have been announced and this time they have no audio jack. Yes, there are improvements here and there, like faster processors, better camera, etc, but no audio jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users are expected to use the single Lightning port. Which would be great, if every set of headphones out there used the Apple specific Lightning port. Which they don’t. Apple have got some new EarPods which use the Lightning port, although if you are an audiophile, you will likely want to use something else, which may be a problem. Apple also have some new AirPods, which are wireless earbuds that look rather like the head of an electric toothbrush. In fact there were some funny photos floating around at the weekend about that. Anyway, the AirPods come with their own charging cradle and can apparently run for five hours of playback. The downside? They retail for $159 in the US and £159 in the UK. Yes, that means a price hike for UK customers. As well as EarPods or AirPods, iPhone users will also be able to use Beats wireless headphones (which happens to be owned by Apple). You see Apple have made their very own proprietary wireless standard for the new iPhones, so existing wireless headphones or earbuds simply won’t work. In short you have to buy Apple’s own products, or wait for third parties to bring out their own versions that use the new standard. The problem there is that third parties may not want to bring out two extra versions of each piece of kit, just to cater for the newest iPhones, which (and let’s be honest) are a tiny fraction of the entire audio market. Now there is a small concession to people that want to use the old style audio jack, in the form of an adapter. This is good, because if you really are an audiophile, you will want to use wired headphones for the audio quality that you cannot get from wireless technology. The problem is that from the look of it the adapter by it’s nature isn’t likely to stay in for very long if you have your iPhone in your pocket while jogging (for instance). Secondly, if you are using your iPhone to play music, you will wear out the battery in your phone. As there is but a single Lightning port that is used for both charging your phone and for listening to music, you can no longer do both at the same time. Which sounds like a downgrade to me. As I mentioned, there are improvements in the latest iPhone. Most notable is the fact that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are both water resistant. So if you get rained on or drop your phone into the kitchen sink, it should still be fine to use. Apple don’t recommend charging your iPhone while it is wet though, which is just common sense. Apart from that the rest of the updates are just that. Updates. Little improvements here and there, with nothing truly mind boggling going on. The screen is better, the camera is better and there is more storage capacity, but there is nothing really attention grabbing. Is it worth upgrading? Probably, if your current iPhone is looking a bit long in the tooth and you are due an upgrade. Unless of course you want to have an audio jack. Alan Stainer https://www.alansitsolutions.com Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Crawley Observer means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Crawley Observer You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Crawley Observer Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Crawley Town Lifestyle What's On Education Sussex More from Crawley Observer Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News Siri vs Cortana: which virtual assistant is best on a desktop? Siri vs Cortana: which virtual assistant is best on a desktop? By Gabe Carey Operating systems   Siri is out for Mac, but does it beat Cortana? Shares On September 20, Apple released macOS Sierra to anyone sporting a compatible Apple computer. The new operating system's signature feature is – at long last – the addition of Siri, the company's signature, AI-powered personal assistant. Almost five years after it arrived alongside the iPhone 4S with iOS 5, Siri is finally available for Mac users, and it's fully equipped with functionality that rivals Microsoft's Halo-derived Cortana. In fact, the features exhibited by Siri and Cortana are similar enough that we decided to go hands-on and find out the answer to a simple question: which is better? To accomplish this, we've devised five different categories of tasks. In each category, we'll assign three different tests to examine how Siri and Cortana compare in real-life situations. Siri vs. Cortana as file explorers Our first series of tests demands that we have a few files (and one application) lying around on both the Mac and Windows 10 computers. We'll start with a pair of simple commands: "Show me my latest invoice for September," and, "Show me the screenshots I took today." For Cortana (above), we are already off to a rough start – "no results found" for that invoice. Of course, favoring one over the other this early on would be unfair. After all, Siri (above) doesn't precisely honor our first request either, providing us with a shortlist of files from our "Invoices" folder rather than opening the latest one. To be fair, though, Siri (above) does show us our screenshots, as request. Another strike for Cortana, with yet another "no results found" reply. For the third test, we asked Siri and Cortana to open an app: Adobe Premiere Pro CC 2015. "Open Adobe Premiere Pro," we say. Both (Cortana shown above) respond exactly as desired, booting up a launch window for the video editing application followed by the software itself. Winner: Siri Siri vs. Cortana as personal DJs For our music-playing tests with Siri and Cortana, we'll use both Apple Music and Groove Music Pass to determine the quality of the interactions between Apple and Microsoft's virtual assistant AI and your own song collections. Here, we simply ask both Siri (above) and Cortana to play three different songs: "Everything I Am" by Kanye West, "Someday" by The Strokes and "The Murder Mystery" by The Velvet Underground. The only problem we encounter has nothing to do with Siri or Cortana and more to do with Groove Music. Surprisingly, Kanye's best-selling album "Graduation" is completely absent from the service, which causes things to go awry even after adding our own copy of the album to OneDrive (above). While Cortana is quick to play "Everything I Am" by Kanye West, it incorrectly claims to be playing a song of the same title by rapper Lowkey. Winner: Tie Siri vs. Cortana as secretaries This is the test where we take a look at Siri and Cortana's interoperability with their native communication apps, getting them to call, text and email other people using FaceTime, Skype, iMessage and so forth. Once we ensure that all our accounts are lined up in the background, Siri and Cortana both handle texts and emails with ease. Unfortunately, for calls – Skype or otherwise – Cortana (above) is only willing if you're on a mobile device. Considering Siri's (above) ability to make FaceTime calls in addition to sending iMessages and emails, we were disgruntled to see Cortana fail to replicate that behavior. Still, Cortana (above) totes SMS and email functionality that delivers without question. That's commendable for a virtual assistant that's been around half the time Siri has. All told, at least in this category, Siri emerges the winner. Winner: Siri Siri vs. Cortana as calendar assistants Let's face it, scheduling meetings and setting reminders is mundane and, without the proper aid, cumbersome. Luckily, these days we can rely on Siri and Cortana to handle these things for us – if we ask politely. In this area, Siri and Cortana are infinitely more reliable than in every other category. In fact, aside from Cortana (above) mishearing the word "cyan" several times until we finally change it manually with a keyboard, Siri and Cortana both successfully pull their own weight when it comes to reminding us to do stuff. Our first two requests – "Add to my calendar that I have a meeting next Wednesday at 5 pm with Cyan Worlds" and "Remind me to message Joe in the morning about invoicing" are both executed flawlessly. The only tangible problem we run into is with our third query. "Set a reminder for a podcast recording I have to attend this Sunday at three," we tell Siri (above). Unfortunately, Siri returned with an event titled "Podcast recording I have to attend at three" that was scheduled for 9 am. Meanwhile, Cortana understands that the podcast recording itself was scheduled for 3 pm – a win in the bucket for Cortana. Winner: Cortana Siri vs. Cortana as information sources Our last test seems, for the most part, rather straightforward. We ask Siri and Cortana a question, they give us an answer. We start with what we think will be a softball question: "Who are the 2016 U.S. presidential candidates?" Cortana (above) undoubtedly goes the extra mile and supplies us with an arrangement of headshots featuring secretary Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, their vice presidential picks and even the third-party candidates, like Jill Stein and Gary Johnson. For this query, Siri (above) simply points you to web search results rather than directly provide an answer. That would have been impressive enough to win us over had it not been for the next two questions to both Siri and Cortana: "Show me the NFL schedule for next week," followed by, "How much did Nintendo's stock price go up last week?" Unfortunately, Cortana (above) ends up presenting us with our own schedule for next week rather than that of American football. As for Nintendo's stock price, well, Cortana (above) pulls a Siri and asks Bing. Siri (above), on the other hand, has no problem showing us all the big football games of the next week along with the times that each team plays. And, while she (above) can't get stock information from the week prior, she can at least tell us the latest closing price of Nintendo's stock. Winner: Siri The verdict Majority rules, and Siri packed a punch two out of three times in this category, giving Apple's virtual assistant not only the edge when it comes to delivering information, but overall as well. Both Cortana and Siri are competent virtual assistants on the desktop, yet these tests prove that – while Siri's two-year lead on Cortana is obvious – both still have a long way to go before becoming as vital to us as our, say, smartphones. Until then, let's just keep re-watching "Her" and dream of what's to come – but, you know, without all the weird sexual tension. Take a look at the best laptops around This article is part of TechRadar's Mac Week. This year marks not only the 10th anniversary of Apple's unibody MacBook, but the triumphant return of macOS. So, TechRadar looks to celebrate with a week's worth of original features delving back into the Mac's past, predicting the Mac's future and exploring the Mac as it is today. Related news HoloLens for tanks will augment the reality of war Huawei Fit leaks with e-ink screen and heart rate smarts Nintendo Switch release date, news and features The Nintendo Switch is rumored to be launching on March 17 next year See more Operating systems news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 The best Black Friday deals 2016 3 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 These 7 PC build fails will make you appreciate your rig even more 2 Apple TV now has one more reason to consider cutting your cable service 3 SNES Mini: What we want to see from a Classic Mini NES successor 4 Want an Amazon Prime membership? Here’s why you should wait until Friday 5 Pokemon Sun and Moon Review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Three High Desert cities ranked in best places to live survey Sunday Sep 25, 2016 at 12:01 AM Sep 28, 2016 at 8:49 AM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Another day, another survey. This time, three High Desert cities have been listed in the “2016 Best Place to Raise a Family in California” survey, conducted by WalletHub. Out of the 240 cities ranked, the survey placed Apple Valley in the No. 162 spot, with the Victorville coming in at No. 204 and Hesperia one step below at No. 205. The ranking was announced the day before Apple Valley Mayor Barb Stanton addressed visitors at Wednesday’s State of the Town luncheon, saying “For the last 28 years, Apple Valley has grown and nurtured itself into a premiere community.” Apple Valley’s ranking was one step below Glendale, the city with a large Armenian population, and one step above the City of Los Banos, where Susan Atkins attended High School before joining the Manson family. The top five ranked cities in San Bernardino County were Chino Hills at No. 32, Rancho Cucamonga at No. 66, Redlands at No. 69, Chino at No. 104 and Fontana at No. 136. The top 10 ranked cities in the state are located in Northern California, including Folsom at No. 1, followed by Palo Alto, San Ramon, Pleasanton and Eastvale, respectively. The bottom of the rankings barrel went to Oakland, which was No. 240, Huntington Park No. 239, San Bernardino No. 238, Inglewood No. 237 and Compton No. 236. Survey methodology included an analysis of four key dimensions, including family life and fun; education, health and safety; affordability, and finally socioeconomic environment. Points were given for a variety of categories including the number of playgrounds, attractions, museums, theaters, quality of school system, graduation rate, air quality, medical facilities, health insurance coverage, violent crime, housing affordability, employment numbers and foreclosures. Data used to create the rankings came from several sources, including the U.S. Census Bureau, Federal Bureau of Investigation, California Department of Education, Yelp and TripAdvisor. This isn’t the first time Apple Valley has done well in a survey. Last year’s "100 Best Cities for Young Families" survey, by ApartmentList.com, ranked the home of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans. Using the methodology, which includes safety, housing costs, school quality and child friendliness, Apple Valley took the No. 68 spot and Hesperia came in at No. 71. Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, and Green Bay, Wisconsin, are the two cities that separated the High Desert locations. The full WalletHub report can viewed www. wallethub.com/edu/best-worst-cities-for-families-in-california/15993. Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz.     About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / The iPhone 7 is currently snubbing Android Wear watches The iPhone 7 is currently snubbing Android Wear watches by Chris Smith 28 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments The new Apple iPhone 7 is refusing to play nice with Android Wear devices, Google has confirmed. In a post on the Google product forums, the Android Wear team said it has reported a “serious pairing issue” when it comes to some Android Wear watches. The affected watches include the Tag Heuer Connected, Moto 360 v2, Asus ZenWatch, the Michael Kors Access watch and those made by Fossil. The issue is affecting only those users attempting to pair with an iPhone 7, with all previous iPhone versions unaffected. Related: Apple Watch Series 2: What you need to know “Google has reported the issue to Apple, and the Android Wear team is actively working to fix this as soon as possible,” wrote Ernest of the Android Wear team. With the Apple Watch Series 2 now on the shelves, we can’t imagine Apple frantically racing to clear up this issue – but we’ll keep you posted. Android Wear compatibility with iOS was announced at the end of August 2015, and supports devices running iOS 8.2 and up. Features are limited compared to what you can do with an Android smartphone pairing, as you’d expect. Are you batting for both teams with an Android Wear watch on your wrist and an iPhone in your pocket? Share your experiences below. Video: Apple Watch 2 vs Apple Watch Latest Deals From Ebay NEW Samsung SM-R3820 Unisex Gear Live Android Wear Black Smart Watch galaxy $198.95 View Item LG G Watch W100 Black Water & Dust Resistant IP67 Android Wear Watch By FedEx $215.88 View Item LG G Watch W100 White Water & Dust Resistant IP67 Android Wear Watch By FedEx $215.88 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Yes, Apple keeps a log of who you contact on iMessage for 30 days By Cody Lee, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments A new report is out on Wednesday, claiming that Apple logs your iMessage contacts and may share them with police. The Intercept published the piece, along with an internal law enforcement document that shows Apple tracks information like IP addresses, phone numbers and time, and stores it for up to 30 days. At first glance, the report can be a bit unsettling, conjuring thoughts like: “isn’t Apple always preaching about user privacy” and “I thought iMessage was one of the most secure messaging services, thanks to its end-to-end encryption.” But it doesn’t take much digging to realize this is likely much ado about nothing. Here’s the document, titled “iMessage FAQ for Law Enforcement.” And here is an excerpt from The Intercept’s report: This is a lot of bullet points to say one thing: Apple maintains a log of phone numbers you’ve entered into Messages and potentially elsewhere on an Apple device, like the Contacts app, even if you never end up communicating with those people. The document implies that Messages transmits these numbers to Apple when you open a new chat window and select a contact or number with whom to communicate, but it’s unclear exactly when these queries are triggered, and how often — an Apple spokesperson confirmed only that the logging information in the iMessage FAQ is “generally accurate,” but declined to elaborate on the record. In the latest version of Apple’s Legal Process Guidelines PDF (last updated September 2015), Apple explicitly says that it can retain invitation logs for multiple cloud services for up to 30 days, and that this data can be obtained by law enforcement. Here’s what it says about FaceTime, which runs parallel to iMessages. FaceTime communications are end-to-end encrypted and Apple has no way to decrypt FaceTime data when it is in transit between devices. Apple cannot intercept FaceTime communications. Apple has FaceTime call invitation logs when a FaceTime call invitation is initiated. These logs do not indicate that any communication between users actually took place. Apple has no information as to whether the FaceTime call was successfully established or duration of a FaceTime call. FaceTime call invitation logs are retained up to 30 days. FaceTime call invitation logs can be obtained with an order under 18 U.S.C. §2703(d) or court order meeting the equivalent legal standard or search warrant. Here’s a deeper explanation of how it works from Apple’s iOS Security Guide, page 41 (via Daring Fireball): “Users start a new iMessage conversation by entering an address or name. If they enter   a phone number or email address, the device contacts the IDS to retrieve the public keys and APNs addresses for all of the devices associated with the addressee. If the   user enters a name, the device first utilizes the user’s Contacts app to gather the phone numbers and email addresses associated with that name, then gets the public keys   and APNs addresses from the IDS.”  It also explicitly states in the PDF that IP addresses can be logged when you sign into various services like iTunes or iCloud, or when you make a purchase via its online store, and this info too can be subpoenaed. So put together, it seems like Apple previously divulged most of the information revealed in this leaked document. The bottom line here is that yes, Apple is keeping a log of fragments of data from your iMessage contacts, but we really already knew that. Should Apple maybe update its legal documents to specifically mention iMessage? Perhaps. But regardless, today’s report shouldn’t impact how you view Apple’s stance on user privacy. Source: The Intercept Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How and why to report spammy iMessages to Apple iOS 9.3 patches a bug that would let attackers decrypt photos and videos sent via iMessage Apple reiterates it can’t read your iMessages even if it wanted to Researchers claim Apple has the ability to access encrypted iMessages Related Topics Apple, iMessage, Messages, News, Privacy, Security Antzboogie This is tricky but Apple is trustworthy for the most part. Considering they defended us big time recently in court. YaBoyLilMayo Lol so we should just give away our freedom and privacy? Foh David Gow So they do not know what was typed in the message only that a message was sent? Same with face time? Rowan09 They said end to end encryption so they can see who we spoke to, but not the message. Donovan They don’t even know if you actually sent something. Bayetae Shropshire I know everything isn’t black and white but when dealing with the privacy of the consumers it should be. It’s either secured privacy or it’s not? It should made known if it isn’t. Rodney Coleman Who cares honestly… all our tech stuff is being watched. And if you think you’re not then you’re an idiot lol Alex Wilson My guess is this is more or less about what your provider has when you text message somebody, perhaps less information. They really want to hear about my rant about my day or that my dog left a calling card on the carpet they will need to get the coppers to ask nicely.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse iPhone's Average Selling Price Could Rise To $679 In Q1 Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 28, 2016 11:40am   Comments Share: Related AAPL Why Mobileye Bears Are Missing The Big Picture Analog Devices Is One Of Morgan Stanley's Top Overweight Picks The New World Order (Seeking Alpha) Approximately 75 percent of Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ: AAPL) profit are derived from iPhone sales. Given that the new iPhone 7 is now available for purchase, investors are not only asking how many devices the company will sell, but at what price. According to Toni Sacconaghi of Bernstein, Apple should be able to boost the average selling price (ASP) of its iPhone devices to $679 in its first fiscal quarter, which marks a notable increase from the recent lows of $595 seen in the fiscal third quarter. The higher average selling price is attributed to a higher mix shift towards the more expensive iPhone 7 Plus and higher storage configurations on the "jet black" models. Related Link: 'Wow!' Jim Cramer Impressed With Reports Apple's iPhone 7 Will Outsell iPhone 6 The analyst noted that ASPs have "often been a key driver of iPhone revenue" and consensus estimates for an ASP of $659 in the December quarter "may be too conservative." Sacconaghi's expected iPhone ASP strength serves as an "additional cushion" to first quarter consensus revenue estimates. For the full fiscal year, the analyst's ASP estimate could provide the equivalent revenue boost of approximately six million incremental iPhone unit sales. Bottom line, the analyst continues to view the risk-reward profile on Apple's stock to be "favorable" and as an "attractive re-valuation opportunity going into the iPhone 7S/8 cycles." Shares of Apple remain Outperform rated with an unchanged $125 price target. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Bernstein iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Average Selling Price iPhone 7 Demand Toni SacconaghiAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) Why Mobileye Bears Are Missing The Big Picture Analog Devices Is One Of Morgan Stanley's Top Overweight Picks LG Display Shares Make Parabolic Move Following Rumor Of Takeover Interest Fossil Is Approaching A Key Sales Inflection Point How Much Value Does Fitbit Offer Potential Buyers? Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 DRYS, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 THCBF, CBDS: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 3 GLBS, SPY: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive Rally In Shipping May B... 4 FLXN, GLBS: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre... 5 DRYS, DCIX: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving... 6 DCIX, ESEA: What Is The Baltic D... 7 AET, HUM: Trump's... 1 BBY, WCG: Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs 2 BBY: The Technical Take: Best Buy Back At November 2013 Levels After Q3 Beat 3 BUD: Brazil Not Enough To Save Anheuser Busch, According To Investec Se... 4 ZIOP: ZIOPHARM Announces Clinical Data On Brain Cancer Drug 5 NTAP: NetApp Sees A Return To Growth On The Horizon 6 NTAP: What Wall Street Is Saying About NetApp's Q2 7 GSL, WNR: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Edge Higher... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Record Attendance At Workday's Annual User Conference, But Brean Still Says Sell Yum China Has Better Chance Of Being Undervalued Upon October 31 Spinoff
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple inks partnership with Deloitte to push iOS devices in the enterprise As part of the deal, Deloitte will open up a new in-house advisory business comprised of 5,000 "iOS specialists". By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | September 28, 2016 -- 19:39 GMT (12:39 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Apple CEO Tim Cook and Deloitte CEO Punit Renjen. Apple has a new alliance with consulting giant Deloitte that could push more iPhones and iPads into the workplace. What's Hot on ZDNet When will Microsoft end support for your version of Windows or Office? GE Digital builds up its global presence with acquisitions, partnerships ​Domino's claims world-first pizza drone delivery Microsoft delivers test builds of Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio 2017 for Windows As part of the deal, Deloitte will open up a new in-house business unit comprised of 5,000 "iOS specialists" who will advise clients on how to adopt iPhones and iPads across their business. The unit will have teams in APAC, EMEA, and the Americas. Deloitte and Apple will also work together on a new service called EnterpriseNext. In a nutshell, the service will try to help companies build a mobile strategy around iOS devices as well as create custom-built iOS apps. "As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad," said Apple CEO Tim Cook. "iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we're able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver." For Apple, the partnership is in line with its previous deals with IBM, Cisco, and SAP -- all of which are centered around making Apple devices more appealing for the enterprise via custom cloud apps. The effort is all the more pressing as Apple and other device makers face shrinking consumer demand for smartphones and tablets. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Google, LinkedIn, Facebook suggest a focus on mobile before looking into AI Mobility Mozilla wraps single Firefox private tab into new Focus browser for iOS Tablets Barnes & Noble launches $50 Nook Tablet 7-inch, on sale starting Black Friday Mobility Apple to repair 'touch disease' on iPhone 6 Plus for $149 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters A Deal With McLaren Would See Apple Shift Up a Gear on Car Ambitions By David Bailey • 09/28/16 12:05pm The Apple/McLaren idea actually makes some sense BulleRouge/Flickr British supercar maker McLaren may be denying that it is in talks with Apple about a potential tie-up, but the firm can’t deny that the idea actually makes some sense. Apple has long been rumored to be working on its own electric and autonomous car, under its secretive “Project Titan”, and a tie up with an auto firm or supplier was anyway something analysts had been speculating about for some time. But on first inspection, McLaren’s products don’t seem such an obvious strategic fit for Apple’s car plans. The company may be based in modest and unremarkable Woking, in south-east England, however its products are anything but. Even the most “basic” of McLaren’s cars – the 540C – starts at an eye-watering £125,000, even before being loaded with extras. It features a host of exotic technologies which you wouldn’t think would feature on an “iCar” designed for the mass market which Apple has targeted so successfully with it computers, iPods and iPhones. McLaren P1 David Villarreal Fernández/Flickr A hybrid deal? Nevertheless, linking up with McLaren could be a smart move for Apple, and indeed McLaren. The latter has great expertise in a range of areas such as design, engineering, electronic control systems and lightweight materials. As media reports note, McLaren already has experience in electric vehicles. It is thought to be working on making electric drive trains lighter to make electric vehicles (EVs) more efficient; a technology Apple might find useful in its own EV development. McLaren has a long and successful history in the Formula 1 motor racing championship. Its luxury vehicle business emerged out of more than 50 years of race experience. This background in the pursuit of speed and raw horsepower might appear not to chime with Apple’s aspirations, but it’s worth noting that modern F1 cars – including McLaren’s – are essentially hybrids with energy recovery systems. More broadly, the cost and challenge of developing driverless or autonomous cars is driving partnerships and takeovers across the industry, including in the supply chain. Project Titan itself is rumored to have changed tack of late, with Apple thought to be focusing more on developing autonomous technologies rather than a whole car. At some point Apple may choose to link up with an automotive player – whether a supplier or an established high-volume manufacturer such as Ford or Volkswagen. F1 example Meanwhile, the huge cost of developing autonomous technologies is a challenge for McLaren. Last year McLaren Automotive had revenues of £475m and made a pre-tax profit of £5.4m on some 1,600 cars delivered. It spent £124m on R&D. By stark contrast, Apple had revenues of US$231 billion last year and a pre-tax profit of US$72 billion (£55.6 billion). Although buying McLaren for £1-1.5 billion would be barely noticeable for Apple given its cash pile of over £50 billion, a more selective partnership might make more sense as it could be other technologies that Apple is really after. Perhaps of most interest for Apple is McLaren Applied Technologies (MAT) which has experience in applying the firm’s technology to other areas, through its development of smart products, smart data systems, virtual test and development environments, and control systems. Pit stop during the European Formula One Grand Prix. Charles Coates/Getty Images When success and failure in F1 can come down to hundredths of seconds in a pit stop to change tires, collecting and using real time data becomes critical for teams. McLaren – like other F1 firms – uses sensors in its race cars to collect data on things like tyre pressure, brake temperature, the impact of force and so and uses this mass of data to continually improve car performance and inform team strategy through its “predictive analytics” expertise. Via MAT, the firm’s technology has been applied to a wider range of other sectors. It has developed health monitoring systems, speeded up drug trials run by pharma firms, and cut the time oil and gas drillers spend on exploration. The firm’s “Decision Insight” platform was also used by the National Air Traffic Control Service (NATS) and Heathrow Airport to build a system that enables controllers to optimise the flow of air and ground traffic. That can bring all sorts of benefits, such as through reducing delays, reducing emissions, and improving efficiency. MAT is also developing wearable technology to collect personal data that makes it easier for people to record and analyze their lives whether exercising, undergoing treatment for an illness or participating in a clinical trial. McLaren has clear aesthetic links with Apple. Inside the the Woking production centre. Department for Business, Innovation and Skills High ambitions All of this could be of interest to Apple, both in terms of developing its own cars, but more likely in applying McLaren technologies in different ways. McLaren itself has some ambitious plans. Its “Track 22” expansion plan involves spending £1 billion over the next six years with the aim of developing a range of new models and tripling sales. It hopes to sell 4,500 cars a year by 2022. A strategic investment from Apple could push that along while enabling Apple to access McLaren’s technologies which are likely to become even more relevant in an area of smart manufacturing and the internet of things. The likelihood of Apple buying the whole of McLaren and getting into F1 racing is pretty remote, as intriguing as it might be. Apple is more likely to want access to MAT’s remarkable technologies, which McLaren itself needs to underpin its own competitiveness in F1 racing. So while a takeover is unlikely, a strategic investment by Apple in McLaren might be of interest to both firms. David Bailey is a Professor of Industry at Aston University. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Intel Corporation Finally Lose Its Place in Apple's Mac Products? This Fool doesn't think so. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 28, 2016 at 11:21AM Image source: Apple.   Over the past several years, speculation has run rampant that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) intends to eventually replace chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) inside its Mac products with homegrown ARM Holdings-compatible microprocessors. For a while, it seemed there was no immediate threat to Intel's Mac business, given the relatively large performance deltas between Intel's notebook processors and Apple's own A-series processors used in both the iPhone and the iPad. However, beginning with the A9 and A9X chips launched about a year ago and continuing on with the recently released A10 and the soon-to-be-launched A10X, it's clear that Apple's engineering teams are now able to deliver offerings that are truly competitive with Intel's low-power notebook processors. In other words, the argument that Apple's chips aren't powerful enough no longer appears to hold water. In that context, it's worth reconsidering whether Apple will ultimately boot Intel from the Mac line of products My bet is still: not anytime soon. Here's why. Apple can't easily or cheaply replicate Intel's product breadth Apple releases two high-performance processors each year or so -- one for the iPhone and a beefed-up version of that offering intended for the iPad. Last year, we got the A9 and A9X, and I expect that the A10X will follow the A10 that launched in September by approximately six months. If Apple were to replace Intel inside the Mac, it would need to build many more chips for each of its Mac products. Indeed, it would need to build chips for the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Air, the plain MacBook, and the iMac lines. Intel currently services the plain MacBook with its Y-series processors, the MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro with its U-series processors, the 15-inch MacBook Pro and 21.5-inc iMac with its H-series processors, and the 27-inch iMac with its S-series processors. To be clear, all of the Intel processors that go into the Macs are based on the same fundamental building blocks -- CPU cores, graphics technologies, and the like -- but they are integrated in different quantities and proportions, such as CPU core count, graphics core count, and so on. Apple could certainly invest in building additional configurations/variants for a suite of Mac chips, but given that the company ships roughly 20 million Macs a year, which is just a fraction of the number of iPhones and iPads that it ships, the potential return on that investment might not be good enough. Focus, focus, focus! One of the reasons Apple's chip teams are able to execute so beautifully is that the company has a lot of the world's best chip engineers all working on a very targeted set of products. They don't have their hands full trying to build different chip configurations or weighing painful trade-offs to make its core technologies scale across too wide of a range. Each year, the company puts out arguably the world's best smartphone and tablet processors. Although Apple would still probably put out excellent chips for these segments with a broader focus, possible even including leadership products, somehow I think they would ultimately be less impressive. Intel already invests billions to try to build a wide range of personal-computer processors, and these chips have successfully powered all of Apple's Macs for years. Unless Apple thinks Intel won't be able to build chips that enable it to offer the Mac experiences it aims to deliver to consumers -- and that's unlikely -- then it simply doesn't make sense for Apple to switch to an in-house solution anytime soon. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 28, 2016 at 11:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.02 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Likely Aiming for Late October Launch of Redesigned MacBook Pro Wednesday September 28, 2016 1:45 pm PDT by Eric Slivka With the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 launches having dominated the Apple news cycle in recent weeks, attention is now turning back to the Mac lineup, which has been in need of updates for quite some time as highlighted by our Buyer's Guide. Looking ahead to the rapidly approaching holiday shopping season, rumors have suggested Apple is preparing to update several of its Mac lines before the end of the year, led by a redesigned MacBook Pro that has been rumored to be ready for launch "as soon as October." MacRumors has learned that Apple is indeed moving rapidly toward a launch of the new MacBook Pro models, with the company's current development work on macOS 10.12.1 focused largely on preparing the operating system to support the updated hardware's new features, which have been rumored by several sources to include Touch ID support and an OLED "touch bar" replacing the current row of function keys across the top of keyboard. Apple is also said to be shifting to "Polaris" graphics chips from AMD on the higher-end 15-inch models. Leaked MacBook Pro top case showing space for touch bar in place of function keys Our understanding is that Apple is planning to seed one more beta version of macOS 10.12.1 for developer and public beta testing early next week, with a goal of finalizing the software update by the end of that week so it can be loaded onto the new hardware currently being produced by Apple's supply chain partners. This timeline could of course change should last-minute bugs or other circumstances require adjustments to Apple's plans, but if it holds true, it appears Apple could have its new MacBook Pro models ready to ship to customers some time in the second half of October. With an emphasis on preparing for the new MacBook Pro models and thus a need to stick to an aggressive timeline, Apple appears to be pushing off all but the most critical bug fixes and security patches beyond macOS 10.12.1. Less crucial fixes will be incorporated into the following macOS 10.12.2 update, which we understand Apple is aiming to begin seeding to developers around late October with a goal of public release around late November. In addition to redesigned MacBook Pro models, Apple has also been rumored to be launching updated MacBook Air models with USB-C ports and new iMacs with AMD graphics chips before the end of the year. It is unclear, however, whether all three lines will be updated simultaneously and whether Apple will hold a media event to introduce the hardware or opt for a more low-key introduction via press release, perhaps with some embargoed media reviews alongside. Finally, Apple is reportedly working with LG on a new 5K external display to replace the discontinued Apple Thunderbolt Display, although a timeframe for that product has yet to be reported. We've also yet to hear any word about the Mac Pro and Mac mini, both of which remain in significant need of updates. Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Tag: October 2016 event Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 468 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) geoff5093 7 weeks ago About. Damn. Time. Rating: 52 Votes Dydegu 7 weeks ago Let's goooooooo. Rating: 39 Votes lotzosushi 7 weeks ago LONG overdue. You know there's a problem when MacRumor's buyer's guide looks like this. How does a computer company completely ignore it's top of the line Mac Pro for THREE years without updating it? It's honestly embarrassing. That said, I'm (im)patiently waiting for the new MacBook Pro updates. Rating: 29 Votes HRoland 7 weeks ago If it's gonna have 4 USB-C ports and a headphone jack only, than it absolutely won't deserve the "Pro" tag... Everyone prepare for #USBGate, #SDCardGate, #MagSafeGate and #HDMIGate… Rating: 29 Votes keysofanxiety 7 weeks ago I could kiss this article, so much am I looking forward to new MacBook Pros. If Apple announce their own chips in these too, I don't know how I'd react. Probably spend the day eating shampoo and sobbing. October can't arrive soon enough. Rating: 28 Votes lulla01 7 weeks ago Finally, some real news!! Its been a broken record with the same rumors for the past 5 months, no new updates or leaks. Rating: 25 Votes gugy 7 weeks ago Please!!!!!!!! Also bring a new Mac Pro, Mac Mini and stand alone 5K displays. Give the Mac some love! Rating: 24 Votes rocketz 7 weeks ago If you buy the new iPhone 7 and have their new lightning port headphones. You will need a Lightning to USB-C adapter to use their new products together. The adapter they provide with iPhone 7 wont work; you will require an additional adapter.natively. What they really needed to do was to retire Lightning in favour of USB-C.. But that would require.. courage? :) Rating: 24 Votes Darryl.Jenks 7 weeks ago Is this a "Mac" rumor? Holy cow? Rating: 22 Votes Creep89 7 weeks ago My body is ready. Rating: 21 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 17 minutes ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 16 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 3 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 18 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 45 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 19 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 14 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 20 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 13 comments PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV 21 hours ago on iOS Blog PlayStation today announced that its PlayStation Vue television service has expanded to the fourth-generation Apple TV, allowing PlayStation Vue subscribers to watch live TV and access other Vue... 72 comments Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Twitter's first-party iOS app recently began rolling out support for rich notifications for anyone on iOS 10, letting users get a larger glimpse at their incoming notifications without having to... 10 comments Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization 1 day ago on iOS Blog While the iPhone 7 Plus has a dual-lens camera, only the wide-angle lens supports optical image stabilization. However, that could change next year. In a research note obtained by MacRumors,... 25 comments • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11) • Mac Automation Product Manager Sal Soghoian Leaves Apple After Position Eliminated (137) • Apple Researching How iPhones Can Monitor Parkinson's Patients in Real Time (6) • Twitter Introduces QR Codes for Sharing and Following Accounts (18)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter • Google+ Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple and Deloitte Announce Partnership to Help Businesses Implement iOS Solutions LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 28, 2016 at 7:37pm by iClarified · 8737 views · Translate Apple and Deloitte have announced a partnership to help businesses design and implement iPhone and iPad solutions. As part of the joint effort, Deloitte is creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors who are solely focused on helping businesses change the way they work across their entire enterprise, from customer-facing functions such as retail, field services and recruiting, to R&D, inventory management and back-office systems. Apple and Deloitte will also collaborate on the development of a new service offering from Deloitte Consulting called EnterpriseNext, designed to help clients fully take advantage of the iOS ecosystem of hardware, software and services in the workplace. The new offering will help customers discover the highest impact possibilities within their industries and quickly develop custom solutions through rapid prototyping. “We know that iOS is the best mobile platform for business because we’ve experienced the benefit ourselves with over 100,000 iOS devices in use by Deloitte’s workforce, running 75 custom apps,” said Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global. “Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer, and help them achieve their ambitions, while driving efficiency and productivity.” “As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we’re able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver.” EnterpriseNext Offers Customers: ● EnterpriseNext Value Maps for iOS to help them discover the highest impact possibilities for iPhone and iPad within their industries, align their mobile opportunities and prioritize digital resources; ● EnterpriseNext Workshops for iOS to quickly take ideas from prototype to custom-built iOS solutions; and ● iOS architects, designers and engineers housed within Deloitte Digital Studios around the world — to help produce easily deployable, high-quality native apps that integrate seamlessly with existing business platforms including ERP, CRM, analytics and HR. For more information regarding the Apple and Deloitte partnership, please visit deloitte.com/apple/ or apple.com/ipad/business/. Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:49pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobilebnnb Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Gilbert Nyandoro - September 28, 2016 at 7:48pm I'm a Chartered Certified Accountant being an ACCA member and would love to get involved. I'm a avid Apple products user and this suits me a great deal. Please advise. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu VAPORWARE These promo shots of the “iPhone of vaporizers” say it all about the next generation of stoners Written by Jenni Avins Obsession The Green Economy September 28, 2016 I literally cannot put down this phone. (Courtesy, Pax Labs) Share Written by Jenni Avins Obsession The Green Economy September 28, 2016 Last week, when San Francisco-based Pax Labs announced the latest version of its vaporizer, the Pax 3, designed for use with both marijuana flowers and wax concentrates, one of my colleagues piped up, only somewhat facetiously: “Where can we line up?” Gone are the days when stoners toted around pot-smoking paraphernalia in padded corduroy bags. Today, the elite stoner’s accessory of choice has more in common with a smartphone than it does with the hand-blown glass bubblers and pipes many of us grew up with: It’s tech-forward, branded, and available in rose gold. Pax, you see, has made its name as the creator of the “iPhone of vaporizers,” a moniker that CEO Tyler Goldman said the company didn’t come up with, but certainly doesn’t shy away from. The Pax 3 and Pax Era vaporizers. (Courtesy, Pax Labs) “The comparison to Apple is apt yet aspirational,” said Goldman, noting that the company has sold over a million devices—obviously a tiny fraction of Apple’s sales, but representative of what he called “a dominant market share” in vaporizers. “We look to Apple as a company to emulate in terms of product ideology and the commitment to deliver the best product on the market, iteration over iteration,” said Goldman. “Our goal was, and still is, to make traditional smoking obsolete by building technically superior products by changing the entire experience.” And also by using design and marketing to catapult those products beyond the category of device or even accessory, thereby making them personal talismans of the sort one grabs when he or she heads for the door. A everyday carry list that might once have included keys, wallet, smokes may now be more like iPhone, Pax, sunnies. Perhaps no products embody the new era of legal, socially acceptable, brand-centric, tech-forward–even Instagram-ready—marijuana use quite like Pax Lab’s. Don’t call it copper—it’s rose gold (Courtesy, Pax Labs) At least you can get this in jet black (Courtesy, Pax Labs) Analog records > analog smoking (Courtesy, Pax Labs) #thegreatoutdoors (Courtesy, Pax Labs) Has anyone seen my phone? (Courtesy, Pax Labs) This one requires little Keurig-style pods of weed oil—and yes, the iPhone is attached to that guy’s hand (Courtesy, Pax Labs) GET IT? It’s like an iPhone. And there is an app for that. (Courtesy, Pax Labs) Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury ES Magazine Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Food for London London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Comment Comment Evening Standard comment: Apple shows London is open for business EVENING STANDARD COMMENT Wednesday 28 September 2016 15:11 BST Apple is set to move into Battersea Power Station, Sir Giles Gilbert Scott’s splendid “cathedral of power”. The move will bring together at least 1,400 of its London staff into a single premises from eight existing offices across the city. And it will provide an enormous boost to the Battersea development, becoming the largest single tenant in the complex. It will also become, at a stroke, the biggest private employer in Wandsworth. The move is politically significant. Apple’s European headquarters is still in Ireland, notwithstanding a ruling by the EU that the company has received unfair tax advantages from the Irish government, but the Battersea operation will be one of the company’s biggest. Post- Brexit, Britain in general, and London in particular, need to send a signal that we are open for business and hospitable to major global companies. Apple’s decision is a vote of confidence in the long-term vitality of the London economy. These are early days, post-referendum, but London must make clear that our perspective is global as well as European; this decision will help. Ireland’s propitious tax environment for companies such as Apple is plainly contentious, as the EU decision makes clear, but one legitimate advantage it does have — against opposition from countries such as France — is a low corporation tax rate of 12.5 per cent, and much lower for companies which invest in research and development. We want global companies to pay tax fairly here but that’s no reason why our 20 per cent corporation tax could not be lower, to give us a competitive edge. It could help London attract more global business. We need an Opposition Given the unlovely spectacle of Sam Allardyce’s opportunism, and the bad practice of any number of corporations, it is unsurprising if idealistic young people become disaffected and seek radical political alternatives. Read more Corbyn pledges City borrowing spree to fund new London council homes Yet it would be unfortunate if their idealism found an outlet with Labour under Jeremy Corbyn, let alone with Momentum. Mr Corbyn is undoubtedly idealistic himself but what was wanting in his performance as leader at conference this week was a sense of practical politics — his relaxed approach to immigration is a case in point. The conference did have much to appeal to well-intentioned individuals — the slogan from Christians on the Left that “patriots pay taxes”, which the shadow chancellor adopted,  is a case in point — but what emerged from the week was a succession of declarations of intent to help the needy which were not underpinned by any sense that they have to be paid for. The attention paid to those who seek to spend taxes on health and schools wholly outweighed the attention given to those who must generate the revenue.  Meanwhile, the appeals for unity were subverted by the sense among moderate MPs that they are under threat from a body of Momentum supporters who replicate the worst practices of Militant in the Eighties. It’s an atmosphere which does nothing to make Labour effective in its actual  job, to hold the Government to account. Brian Sewell’s lot Brian Sewell, the Standard’s late, great art critic, was known for his discerning eye when it came to recognising exquisite works. An astute collector himself, the breadth of art he amassed during his lifetime caused quite a stir when it went under the hammer at Christie’s yesterday. More than 200 lots, ranging from works of the Italian Renaissance to pieces dating from the Eighties, were sold for a total of £3.7 million — almost twice their estimate. Brian would have been delighted. More about: Battersea Power Station Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Fine-tuning Apple Music’s “My Favorites Mix” Posted on Wednesday, September 28th, 2016 at 1:04 pm. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple A couple of weeks ago, Apple Music added a new feature call My Favorites Mix to the For You section of the music service. This uses an algorithm to add songs to a weekly updated playlist, which is based on the music you play and love and other music Apple believes you will like. My list has been great, but you can help yourself and fine-tune it to be even better. The easiest way to tell Apple the music you enjoy is to “Love” a song. In iOS you can do that in a number of ways, including tapping the “…” on the Now Playing page and then tap Love. This is a clear indication to the service that you want to hear more songs like the currently playing track. I use the Love feature every chance I get so Apple Music and the For You section will always be in tune with my specific musical tastes. Apple outlined the advantages to doing this in an article on BuzzFeed earlier this week: deep historical knowledge of individual users’ tastes and habits, based on years of data carried over from iTunes. If you gave high ratings to a song or album in your old iTunes library, or just played it a lot more than others, you’ll find that behavior reflected in your My Favorites Mix. This is good information to know, but it also brings up a slight problem for many users, including for me. You used to be able to Love a song directly from the lock screen on the iPhone. With iOS 10, Apple took away that feature, which means that instead of tapping on the lock screen and then tapping Love, you know have to unlock your phone; open Apple Music; go to the Now Playing screen; tap “…” and then tap Love. While Apple says that ratings are also important, they have completely removed ratings from the iOS version of Apple Music. You can still go to your Mac and rate songs, but not everyone is going to do that. I do. Clearly you can’t Love songs while you’re driving or doing some other tasks, so I always looked back in the history of music that had been played and catch up on the songs I wanted to Love. Sadly, Apple removed the history feature from Apple Music on iOS as well, so you can’t do that. Removing features like that seems counter-productive to what Apple wants you to do to improve the service, and how the service gets better for individual listeners. Still, if you want to improve the My Favorites Mix, Love the songs you love. You will notice an improvement. John Lamar It looks like you can tell Siri to love the current song from the lock screen. Adrayven might want to look a little more Jim.. I’m finding things I thought were gone are still there.. they just hid them so well, it was hard to find. an example is the repeat and shuffle options and the playlist.. I had NO idea you have to slide UP on the album art to drag the screen and show the options and playlist.. They really need some kind of indicator to show users this.. I like it, its actually cool, but discoverability is a real issue. Some type of ship up arrow on the right or left side of the art might have helped. k.alexander I signed up just to post this. Jim, you’re 100% right. Although I like a lot of the changes in iOS 10 Music, there are some that I don’t like. Jim, you may be one of few people who can strongly suggest, no, encourage Apple to revert or fix some of these things. Put back the LOVE button from the Lock Screen, and for that matter the Control Center. There is no good way to Love a song, without having to unlock the phone and press / take four other steps. Why can’t I see a history of my recently played songs? There’s no way to go back to look at the song you’ve may have liked, there’s no way to go back and Love songs you’ve listed to. Tom_P Jim, you can tell SIRI to Love the song played so it works when driving. For someone who has Apple Watch you can put Music complication on watch face. Tap it and tap … then Love. Easier than using iPhone. Volker You can also give a star rating with Siri. @rsginsf What’s interesting is that on a 6th generation iPod touch, the ‘Love’ button is available from the lock screen, but from the iPhone it’s not. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Time Tracking Sucks. Deal With It. Or Use Timing. Thanks to Timing for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple Shares Photos From Apple Music Festival 10 [Gallery] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 23, 2016 at 2:37pm by iClarified · 5839 views · Translate Apple has shared some photos and highlights from Apple Music Festival 10 which kicked off this week at the Roundhouse stage in London. Live and on demand video of each performance is available now through September 30th. -- Elton John opened the festival with a greatest hits set featuring duets with up-and-coming artists he has championed on his Beats 1 show, Rocket Hour. Highlights included a performance of "Bennie and the Jets" with rising R&B star Gallant and "Tiny Dancer" alongside breakthrough French alternative act Christine and the Queens. Monday night, The 1975 lit up The Roundhouse with a barrage of hits including "Love Me" and "If I Believe You." Alicia Keys sent the crowd into a frenzy Tuesday night with “Fallin" and "Back to Life.” Surprise special guest Sampha joined her onstage late in the set. The festival’s fourth night featured a set of anthemic rock from OneRepublic. Lead by an inspired performance from frontman Ryan Tedder, the group blasted through new material and massive hits like “Apologize” and “Counting Stars.” -- Next up is Scottish producer and DJ Calvin Harris beginning at 4 p.m. EDT / 1 p.m. PDT on September 23. Festival coverage on Apple Music includes playlists featuring this year’s performing artists, live tracks from festival alumni, and music by headliners and support acts. Elton John: September 18 The 1975: September 19 Alicia Keys: September 20 OneRepublic: September 21 Calvin Harris: September 23 Robbie Williams: September 25 Bastille: September 26 Britney Spears: September 27 Michael Bublé: September 28 Chance the Rapper: September 30 For updates and additional information, hit the link below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 2:00pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobilebm. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam selieyortiz - September 26, 2016 at 5:13am The Male Extra could be the goto item regarding guys who would like knowledge sex complications including an impotence problems or to increase their Body dimension. The issue with this specific is the fact that guys are taking Male Extra that will possess a large amount of situations the item doesn't also function along with dangerous substances incorporated which could cause them to become unwell. A male-enhancement business that is great might assure to obtain its performance to be clinically-tested measured by its items, normally a superb chance is of it being truly a swindle. The firms that promote and try Male Extra employ dishonest advertising methods targeting males that are determined for-anything to aid these making use of their Body dimension or malfunction that is worse. >>> http://menhealthoffers.org/ Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
null
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 1:27 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed Apple teams with Deloitte to push deeper into workAFP – Wed, Sep 28, 2016 7:47 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Following their partnership announcement on September 28, 2016, Apple and Deloitte say they will collaborate on an EnterpriseNext consulting offering, which is designed to help clients take advantage of Apple's services in the workplace Apple on Wednesday announced an alliance with professional services group Deloitte to get more businesses using iPhones and iPads as workplace tools. Deloitte is creating an Apple practice with more than 5,000 strategic advisors devoted to helping businesses adopt new work styles using the California technology giant's mobile devices and software, the companies said in a joint release. "iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done," said Apple chief executive Tim Cook. "Through this partnership, we're able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver." Apple has long worked to go beyond being hits in people's personal lives to being popular tools on the job. To that end, Apple has formed partnerships with business technology titans such as Cisco, IBM and SAP. Microsoft tailors versions of productivity applications for Apple mobile devices. Apple and Deloitte said they will collaborate on an EnterpriseNext consulting offering designed to help clients take advantage of Apple's mobile hardware, software and services in the workplace. Deloitte's own workforce uses more than 100,000 devices powered by Apple's iOS mobile operating system, according to chief executive Punit Renjen. Deloitte is a multinational company with its headquarters in New York. "Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer," Renjen said. Apple has been striving to reinvigorate iPhone sales that have been its main money maker for several years. While the company has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold in the quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting concerns over growth for the key profit driver. Mobile phone markets are saturated and pressure has been intense, mostly from low-cost handsets powered by Android software that Google makes available free of charge. Ramping up use of iPhones and iPads at work would expand Apple's market for devices and increase opportunities to make money from apps or services tied to the devices. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7379 -0.0037 -0.50% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5981 +0.0012 +0.20% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6953 -0.0024 -0.34% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple announces a new and Far Reaching Strategic Partnership with Deloitte | Main | Samsung wins Design Patent for a Foldable Tablet with Built-In Stand and Keyboard » September 28, 2016 Apple Music is #1 in J.D. Power's 2016 Streaming Music Satisfaction Study, Easily Beating Out Spotify   Apple is number one on the new J.D. Power 2016 Streaming Music Satisfaction Study. The study's findings will no doubt anger Spotify fans. According to the study, Apple Music ranked the highest among the streaming music brands included in the study, with an overall score of 834. Apple leads with the highest score in three of the six measures, performing particularly well in performance and reliability, content and ease of use. Surprisingly Rhapsody ranked second with an overall score of 826 and performed particularly well in the cost of service and communication measures. The inaugural study measures overall satisfaction among customers who have used a subscription-based streaming music service within the past six months. Customer satisfaction is examined across six key measures (listed in order of importance): performance and reliability; ease of use; cost of service; content; communication; and customer service. Scores for each measure are reflected in an index based on a 1,000-point scale.   The study finds that satisfaction with paid streaming music service is impacted by the level of engagement with listening to and sharing playlists and content with others. There are four distinct listener profiles. The largest segment is passive listeners (customers who neither share their own content/playlists nor consume other users' content), representing 44% of the total music streaming universe   The next segment accounts for 29% and are considered fully engaged listeners; 22% are followers (customers who consume other users' content/playlists but do not share their own); and 5% are sharers (customers who say they "always" or "sometimes" share their own playlists but do not consume other users' content).   Kirk Parsons, senior director and technology, media & telecom practice leader at J.D. Power stated in the press release that "The streaming music customer experience appears to be affected by a number of dimensions, including paid vs. free streaming, device choice and content selection. The key to success, however, is increasingly becoming how well streaming music brands create a viable music ecosystem that can not only support multiple types of devices, but also facilitate listeners' social sharing and following of playlists with others."   A Few Key Findings   Paid Music Services Generate Higher Satisfaction than Free Streaming: Satisfaction is higher across all measures among customers who pay for their music service, with an overall satisfaction gap advantage of 19 points, compared with those who use free-based music services. The largest satisfaction gaps are in the customer service (68-point gap) and communication (45-point gap) measures.   Satisfaction Lowest among Passive Listeners: As levels of engagement and contribution to a streaming community rise, so does satisfaction. Overall satisfaction is lowest among passive listeners (801), followed closely by the followers (812), while satisfaction is highest among fully engaged listeners (860) and sharers (833). Satisfaction in all measures is lower among customers who are not engaged than among those who are, with an especially wide gap between the two segments in the communication (79-point gap) and cost of service (72-point gap) measures.   Exclusive Content Improves Customer Advocacy: Among customers who listen to content released exclusively on their streaming service, overall satisfaction is 52 points higher than among those who do not, and content satisfaction is 59 points higher. Nearly three-fourths (74%) of customers who listen to exclusive content say they 'definitely will' recommend their provider vs. 54% of those who do not who say the same.   And lastly, Peripheral Devices Enhance the Listening Experience: Overall satisfaction is higher among customers who use a peripheral device to stream music than among those who do not. Several devices that are not yet widely adopted have particularly high impacts on satisfaction: smartwatches (+57 points); home automation controllers (+50); and virtual reality viewers (+48). Bluetooth speakers, which are more widely used, also have a considerable effect (+23).   As a side note, even though Universal has committed to ending exclusive content with Apple, Apple Music's Jimmy Iovine has stated for the record "that Apple Music would move forward with its pursuit of exclusives from other partners, such as Sony Music Entertainment and the Warner Music Group, noting, "It's Apple's show. As long as Apple's asking me to do what I'm doing, I'm gonna keep doing it."   The 2016 Streaming Music Satisfaction Study is based on responses from 4,482 customers. The study was fielded in June and July 2016.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 28, 2016 at 02:05 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Fest was the apple of everyone’s eye Lacey Historical Society event drew hungry crowds Post to Facebook Fest was the apple of everyone’s eye Lacey Historical Society event drew hungry crowds  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2dDpwuq {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Fest was the apple of everyone’s eye MARIANNE ROSS 1:20 p.m. EDT September 28, 2016 Kids get sweetly messy diuring the pie-eating contest at the Lacey Historical Society's Apple Festival. (Photo: MARIANNE ROSS) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE FORKED RIVER - A little drizzle did not take away from the fun of the Lacey Township Historical Society’s 23rd annual Apple Festival Saturday at the Schoolhouse Museum and the Forked River Firehouse. At the latter, the fire company was offering free fire truck rides for kids, a look at firefighting gear, and in the building, the annual apple pie bake-off. apple pie and other apple treats to eat, candy apples on a stick as well as lunch and beverages.. Events during the day included the Lacey Police providing free child identification kits, Civil War Re-enactors, a pumpkin patch and pumpkin painting, a pie-eating competition, old-fashioned and new children’s games, a butter-making demonstration by Lacey Scout Troop 263, students of Kum Sung Karate and Martial Arts showing off their movies, and music by DJ Frank Cuomo from “Not So Normal Entertainment.” Liz McGrath Vice President of the Lacey Historical Society said she put the Festival together with the community, including more than 100 Volunteers, EMS Department, Fire Department and Lacey High School students. She said the Public Works Department’s Jim Granato and Crew worked all week on the grounds and planted chyrsanthemums with wood chip mulch. She added that the minute this Event is over she starts planning for next years. Civil War era schoolmarm and camp cook Jerri Chadwick of Brick said she has been doing many such events and enjoys them all. She said she got interested when she had to drive her youngest son Anthony when he joined the 3rd NJ Civil War Unit and wanted to learn and participate herself. Members from the Historic Delaware Valley Foodways Society Carol Pollack Merle Plotkin said they got started by wanting to to learn, promote food handling, preparation and how to store food focusing on 17th through 19th Century cooking. Carol said the secret is buttermilk. After Coaching Recreation Department’s girls soccer team, Michael Prestinari brought his daughter Emily (9) to the festival. She joined and played a lot of games and also entered the apple pie eating contest. She was so enthusiastic and some of the questions she asked before the competition were “Can you eat the pie with whipped cream? And do you get to take home the pie you don’t eat?” After the competition she did put whipped cream on the pie she took home. Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2dDpwuq TOP VIDEOS Christie: No reason to believe he will not serve out Governor's term 2:01 NewsBreak: Obama meets with Merkel; Arrest after Oceanport body found 0:55 NewsBreak: Trump's Transition Process; Rahimi indicted in NYC, Seaside Park bombings 0:51 NewsBreak: Missing man's body found in Oceanport 0:55 Manalapan family turns home into food pantry 0:51 Body found in woods behind Oceanport floral shop 0:44 Air Bnb helps Marie Fiorvante pay her bills 1:27 WJLP NewsBreak 0:54 NewsBreak: Minnesota officer charged in the death of Philando Castile; Neptune shooting investigation 0:54 School bus driver killed in Colts Neck crash 0:21 More Stories Court date set for Christie’s appeal Nov. 16, 2016, 9:33 a.m. Rutgers students peacefully join nationwide protest of Trump Nov. 16, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Are you living in rental hell? Nov. 9, 2016, 1:09 p.m. Vigil honors Toms River fire chief's daughter Nov. 17, 2016, 5:51 p.m.
Search About The Pulse Advertise With Us Past Issues Connect with Us facebook twitter youtube Menu Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Tech Talk Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Halloween Guide Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Home Food & Drink Drink Spotlight Fall Drink: Jim Beam Apple Fall Drink: New Amsterdam Vodka Fall Drink: AmeriPride Fall Drink: Jim Beam Apple by Pulse Staff September 21, 2016 11:59 AM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Jim Beam Apple Premium bourbon meets the juicy refreshment of apple in Jim Beam Apple. Enjoy our newest family member straight, on the rocks or with club soda and a lemon wedge. Jim Beam and apple have come together to make history.  Mix your next party in a fresh new way. Try with club soda with a squeeze of lemon for a crisp combination. It’s a refreshing cocktail that’s ready in seconds and perfect for any occasion and all seasons. Surprisingly smooth and deliciously different. Juicy but not overpowering, it retains a rich bourbon core. Perfect for whiskey fans, it’s sure to tempt those looking for a cocktail that’s refreshing and new. Jim Beam Apple Mule 2 parts Jim Beam Apple 4 mint leaves (1 bundle) 1/2 part Apple Cider Fill with ginger beer Muddle mint leaves with cider. Add bourbon and Ice. Shake. Strain into mule glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Add green apple garnish. Beam Orchard Twist 1 part Jim Beam Apple 1 part Cranberry Juice A splash of Club Soda Lime Wedge Build over ice in a tall highball glass. Garnish with a lime wedge. Jim Beam Hot Apple 1 part Jim Beam Apple Hot Cider Whipped Cream Build in a heat proof mug. Top with whipped cream. Jim Beam Apple is the perfect balance of premium apple liqueur and bourbon of distinction, the result is rich with American heritage but with a light, juicy twist.  Try some today and you’ll never look at bourbon—or apples—the same way. by Pulse Staff September 21, 2016 11:59 AM The Pulse Calendar Friday November 18, 2016 Markets 3rd Street Farmers Market Nov 18, 2016 10:30 AM Erlanger Hospital Kids & Family Homeschool Workshop: In The Mix Nov 18, 2016 10:30 AM Hunter Museum of American Art Markets Cambridge Square Night Market Nov 18, 2016 5:00 PM Cambridge Square Concerts & Live Music Binji Varsossa Nov 18, 2016 6:00 PM Cancun Restaurant Downtown Concerts & Live Music Eddie Pontiac Nov 18, 2016 6:00 PM El Mesõn Concerts & Live Music Chamber Music for Body and Soul IV Nov 18, 2016 7:00 PM UTC Fine Arts Center Saturday November 19, 2016 Charity & Fundraisers Alzheimer's Association Run to Remember Nov 19, 2016 7:30 AM - 11:00 AM Tennessee Riverpark Education & Learning Homebuyer Workshop Nov 19, 2016 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Chattanooga Neighborhood Enterprise Markets Brainerd Farmers Market Nov 19, 2016 10:00 AM Grace Episcopal Church Markets Chattanooga River Market Nov 19, 2016 10:00 AM Tennessee Aquarium Plaza Markets Northside Farmers Market Nov 19, 2016 10:00 AM Northside Presbyterian Church Markets St. Alban’s Hixson Market Nov 19, 2016 10:00 AM St. Alban's Episcopal Church Sunday November 20, 2016 Art & Exhibitions Arts, Crafts, and Hobbies Fair Nov 20, 2016 10:00 AM Collegedale Church of Seventh-day Adventists Markets Chattanooga Market Nov 20, 2016 10:00 AM First Tennessee Pavilion Concerts & Live Music Ryan Oyer Nov 20, 2016 11:00 AM Flying Squirrel Bar Concerts & Live Music Sweet Georgia Sound Nov 20, 2016 12:30 PM First Tennessee Pavilion Concerts & Live Music Jalil Muhammad Trio Nov 20, 2016 1:30 PM Flying Squirrel Bar Concerts & Live Music Jazzanooga Presents: Jam-N-Soul Brunch Nov 20, 2016 1:30 PM - 3:30 PM Jazzanooga Arts Space Monday November 21, 2016 This & That One Table: Causeway’s City-Wide Thanksgiving Potluck Nov 21, 2016 11:30 AM Miller Plaza Markets Red Bank Farmers Market Nov 21, 2016 4:00 PM Red Bank United Methodist Church Concerts & Live Music Open Air with Jessica Nunn Nov 21, 2016 6:00 PM Granfalloon Education & Learning Kids & Family One Step at a Time Nov 21, 2016 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Shepherd Community Center Concerts & Live Music Monday Nite Big Band Nov 21, 2016 7:00 PM The Palms at Hamilton Concerts & Live Music Etude & Prelude Fall Concert Nov 21, 2016 7:30 PM Chattanooga School for the Arts and Sciences Tuesday November 22, 2016 Concerts & Live Music Tom Cordell Trumpet Improv Ensemble Nov 22, 2016 6:00 PM Spring Hill Suites Concerts & Live Music Bill McCallie and In Cahoots Nov 22, 2016 6:30 PM Southern Belle Riverboat Concerts & Live Music Open Mic with Mike McDade Nov 22, 2016 8:00 PM Tremont Tavern Art & Exhibitions Brent Weston Solo Exhibit Nov 4, 2016 - Nov 22, 2016 AVA Art Gallery, Frazier Ave Wednesday November 23, 2016 Theater & Dance Middle East Dance Nov 23, 2016 10:30 AM Jewish Cultural Center Markets Main Street Farmers Market Nov 23, 2016 4:00 PM Main Street Farmers Market Concerts & Live Music Eddie Pontiac Nov 23, 2016 5:30 PM El Meson Hixson This & That Chosen for Change: A Father’s Perspective Nov 23, 2016 6:00 PM Chattanooga State This & That Wednesday Night Chess Club Nov 23, 2016 6:00 PM Chattanooga Public Library - Downtown Branch Concerts & Live Music Jimmy Harris Nov 23, 2016 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM The Palms at Hamilton Thursday November 24, 2016 Markets Ooltewah Farmers Market Nov 24, 2016 3:00 PM Ooltewah Nursery & Landscape Markets Signal Mountain Farmers Market Nov 24, 2016 4:00 PM Signal Mountain Farmers Market Markets St. Elmo Farmers Market Nov 24, 2016 4:00 PM Incline Railway Concerts & Live Music James Crumble Trio Nov 24, 2016 6:00 PM St. John's Meeting Place Concerts & Live Music Rick Rushing Blues Jazz 'n Friends Nov 24, 2016 6:00 PM Bluewater Grille Concerts & Live Music Jimmy Harris Nov 24, 2016 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM The Palms at Hamilton Search Events Submit Yours Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Tech Talk Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Halloween Guide Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight About The Pulse Advertise With Us © 2014 The Pulse and Brewer Media. All rights reserved. Built with Metro Publisher™
null
null
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « BlackBerry to Outsource Smartphone Production Going Forward | Main | Apple Music is #1 in J.D. Power's 2016 Streaming Music Satisfaction Study, Easily Beating Out Spotify » September 28, 2016 Apple announces a new and Far Reaching Strategic Partnership with Deloitte Today, Apple and Deloitte announced a partnership to help companies quickly and easily transform the way they work by maximizing the power, ease-of-use and security the iOS platform brings to the workplace through iPhone and iPad. As part of the joint effort, Deloitte is creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors who are solely focused on helping businesses change the way they work across their entire enterprise, from customer-facing functions such as retail, field services and recruiting, to R&D, inventory management and back-office systems.   Apple and Deloitte will also collaborate on the development of a new service offering from Deloitte Consulting called EnterpriseNext, designed to help clients fully take advantage of the iOS ecosystem of hardware, software and services in the workplace. The new offering will help customers discover the highest impact possibilities within their industries and quickly develop custom solutions through rapid prototyping.     Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global stated that "We know that iOS is the best mobile platform for business because we've experienced the benefit ourselves with over 100,000 iOS devices in use by Deloitte's workforce, running 75 custom apps.   Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer, and help them achieve their ambitions, while driving efficiency and productivity."   In today's press release, Tim Cook, Apple's CEO stated that "As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad" which are "transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we're able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver."   EnterpriseNext from Deloitte Consulting will provide businesses with expertise spanning more than 20 industries, and offers customers:   ◾ EnterpriseNext Value Maps for iOS to help them discover the highest impact possibilities for iPhone and iPad within their industries, align their mobile opportunities and prioritize digital resources;   ◾ EnterpriseNext Workshops for iOS to quickly take ideas from prototype to custom-built iOS solutions; and ◾ iOS architects, designers and engineers – housed within Deloitte Digital Studios around the world – to help produce easily deployable, high-quality native apps that integrate seamlessly with existing business platforms including ERP, CRM, analytics and HR.   For more on this, read the full Deloitte Press Release and Deloitte's webage going into more detail about the new partnership with Apple.     Earlier this year Apple rocked the enterprise market with their new SAP partnership that's set to revolutionize work on the iPhone and iPad. In addition, Apple also announce their new Cisco partnership designed to optimize Cisco networks for iOS devices and apps which kicked off earlier this month. Now with Deloitte on board and their long standing partnership with IBM's MobileFirst steadily on the move, there's no denying that Apple's iOS software and hardware have  become a major force in the enterprise market today. Apple's software and hardware solutions are no longer restricted to the consumer market and Apple will continue to expand their enterprise partnerships in the years ahead to better serve their customers.      About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 28, 2016 at 01:16 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Honeywell Unveils New HomeKit Enabled Lyric T5 Wi-Fi Thermostat [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 27, 2016 at 6:25pm by iClarified · 8380 views · Translate Honeywell today introduced the new Lyric T5 Wi-Fi thermostat, the company's latest home product to have Apple HomeKit compatibility, enabling control using voice with Siri, or the new Apple Home app in iOS 10. The Lyric T5 delivers comfort when you're home and savings when you're away, with a sleek, minimalist design, and the smart features and support that customers trust. The T5 is also compatible with Amazon Alexa-enabled devices and Stringify, with other partners on the way. The Lyric T5 joins Honeywell's suite of devices powered by the newly updated Lyric app, including the Lyric Round Wi-Fi thermostat and Lyric Wi-Fi Water Leak and Freeze Detector. Designed to adapt to the dynamic and unpredictable schedules of today's families, the Lyric T5 uses technology that is already in customers' pockets: their smartphones (iOS or Android). Using the location of the smartphone(s) via geofencing technology, the Lyric T5 saves money by going into energy saving mode when someone leaves, and detects when the first person returns to start making the home comfortable ahead of his or her arrival. The geofencing can be customized to a distance of miles away or just around the corner from the home, or customers can set up the Lyric T5 with a more traditional seven-day schedule. The Lyric T5 also features smart alerts for extreme temperatures or humidity inside the home, filter change reminders, and more. "Feeling connected and in control at home can factor into how comfortable we feel, perhaps as much as the actual temperature can," said Jeremy Eaton, vice president of Honeywell's Home Comfort business. "The Lyric T5 thermostat gives people even more choice, easy connectivity, and control, along with the reliability and innovation for which Honeywell is known." The Lyric T5 thermostat also combines: ● Classic styling: The glossy black, touch-sensitive display with dark gray trim adds a subtle look to a home's décor ● Lyric app (V3): Adjusting home comfort – and settings – is possible from nearly anywhere (or simply make changes right on the thermostat itself) ● Fits a home as it grows: With support for other Honeywell Lyric products, Apple HomeKit with Siri, Amazon Alexa-enabled devices, Stringify, and more, the Lyric T5 fits into a home's technology ecosystem as it evolves ● Auto changeover: The Lyric T5 can be set to determine if the home's system should be in heating or cooling mode to provide maximum comfort ● Smart response: Able to learn a home's heating and cooling cycles, the Lyric T5 can then adapt to bring the home to the optimized temperature at the requested time ● Smart alerts: The Lyric T5 can send reminders about filter changes, warn of extreme temperatures inside the home, and more ● HomeKit support: Easily and securely control the Lyric T5 across Apple devices in iOS 10 using the new Home app, Siri voice control, and quick actions in Control Center. Set scenes, which enable multiple accessories to work in combination, all with a single command The Honeywell Lyric T5 Wi-Fi Thermostat is available to order for $149 at the link below. It ships in October. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (4) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:50pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobileaqzx Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dan - September 29, 2016 at 11:48am Are there any devices for temp control to replace those using high voltage at the device. We have high voltage 240 V at the junction box in the wall. Any smart devices for that yet? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Rick fayad - September 27, 2016 at 7:24pm When I click the link it takes me to amazon but it shows the price as $249 and this article says $149 Am I missing something? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam iClarified - September 27, 2016 at 10:08pm That's probably an error on Amazon's part. Amazon is currently listing it for $199 discounted from $249; however, the MSRP in the press release and on Honeywell's site is $149. http://yourhome.honeywell.com/Lyric-T5-Thermostat-RCHT8610WF. Perhaps contact Amazon's support. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.

null
Menu Home Apps Network Gadget Latest Mobile Home / Gadget / Is It Worth Buying A Tablet With 3G Or 4G LTE? Is It Worth Buying A Tablet With 3G Or 4G LTE? Posted on September 2, 2016September 20, 2016 by Rafid Sharif When any of the most powerful manufacturers in the mobile sector (read Samsung, Apple, Sony, Google, etc.) launches a high-end tablet, never missing a version of it with mobile connectivity, which at this point is usually compatible with networks 4G LTE. However, we also found many ranges entry and mid range devices capable of connecting via 3G, with a SIM card, and even phone function. Is it worth betting on this feature? The mobile connection raises the price of equipment It is one of the first factors to consider: a tablet with 4G will always be more expensive than the same model in WiFi only version. However, quite often it depends on the manufacturer the price at which the difference in performance is fixed. Let’s look at some of the tablets pointers moments. For example, the Galaxy Tab S2 the difference is 100 euros (499-599), according to the official prices of Samsung. In the Google Nexus 9, the jump is 80 euros (from 479 to 559, with 32GB). However, the palm takes Apple, which measured up to 120 euros a connectivity type and the other for iPad Air 2 (489-609). Given these data, we can estimate that normally buy a tablet with 4G LTE cost us around 100 euros more than if we acquired a WiFi only. But that is not the only implicit spending on a device such features. Possible problems with the SIM card Have mobile connectivity in a tablet is not relevant at all if we do not have a SIM card with which to take advantage. In this sense, we have two options, or request a duplicate our card mobile with which we have contracted the data to the operator (and not all operators have a service so far) paying any kind of fee, or hire a new rate, significantly increasing the monthly bill. If you have mobile, easily you have Internet on your tablet Today we can share the Internet connection between a smartphone and a tablet using almost any phone, if we use it as a WiFi router. Here is a tutorial to do it the easiest way possible. In this way, we avoid having to hire data for our tablet and we can equip ourselves with a WiFi only model to navigate from anywhere. Only we must activate a specific function on the phone and use the data rate for contracted with our mobile. We should also note that this will raise your battery consumption, though not excessive if the software is well optimized. Other tricks to not depend on the Internet In recent days we have talked about a couple of resources to have website content without being connected at the time. The first is to convert a story or article that interests us in a PDF, which is stored in the computer’s memory. The second in save web pages and links in one app to navigate quite efficiently without connection. Both solutions, however, require a bit farsighted and go select content at the time to have them available later. There is also a way to send messages to our contacts (provided they are within more or less close) without being hooked a network is a prerequisite, as we told you in this publication. Phone function, attractive but not decisive At one point, if we are at home enjoying our tablet and receive a call, it is very comfortable to answer from the same device and even keep doing our stuff with the screen as we consider the interlocutor. In fact, today is a good list of teams that included the large format option. However, WhatsApp, Skype or VoIP calls Hangouts already offer and, it seems, will gradually gain ground, if the operators fail to cut its progression. A tablet is a perfect tool to keep a video chat or a simple voice conversation and can perform this operation connected to a WiFi network. Is it really useful a 4G tablet For whom? More or less, it is a question we have clear. A tablet may be interesting mobile connectivity in the workplace, especially if our company is responsible for providing Internet service. You have a fast and direct connection will save certain disturbances which, in the event that we are working and we need maximum efficiency, be worth escape.   A tablet with 4G LTE will offer more comfort in the user experience, which we think is “in my case, is as necessary as to bear the extra costs?” Posted in GadgetTagged Latest 4G Tablets Related posts Choosing The Best Laptop Give Your PlayStation 4 a Makeover Benefits And Drawbacks Of LCD-Led TELEVISION Post navigation The 7 Best Social Networking Apps For Android Know All The Processes Involved In Your Business Transactions Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Recent Posts Smartphone Cameras: A Guide This Phone Call Recording Software Can “Dig Deep” Into A Smartphone How To Make A Good Bargain From Selling Your Old Phone Give Your PlayStation 4 a Makeover Buying CPUs And Ssds Everything You Wanted To Know Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 Categories Apps Gadget Latest Mobile Network Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2016 Going LTE. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Microsoft Corp Earnings: Can the Stock Live Up to Its Higher Stock Price? The software giant will need to perform well in these areas to justify its stock's recent rise. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Sep 28, 2016 at 1:23PM Microsoft's Surface sales will be a key figure in its next quarter's results. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) will report results for its first fiscal quarter of 2016 on Thursday, Oct. 20. With shares recently hitting 52-week highs, the earnings report comes at an important time for the stock. Can Microsoft continue to justify its pricey valuation? Ahead of the important quarterly earnings release, here's some background on key areas worth checking in on. What to look for Revenue and EPS: When Microsoft reports first-quarter results in October, investors will be looking for growth in revenue and EPS. On that note, analysts have a consensus estimate for non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $21.71 billion and $0.68 -- up from $21.66 billion and $0.67 in the year-ago quarter, respectively. But in light of Microsoft's recent run-up in its stock price -- 19.6% in the past three months -- investors may actually be hoping the company's financial results exceed analyst expectations. Productivity and business processes revenue: Investors should look for continued growth in Microsoft's productivity and business processes segment, which includes revenue from Office 365 and Dynamics products. As the segment contributing the most to Microsoft's operating income, it's critical Microsoft continues to prove to investors this segment can consistently deliver. Specifically, investors should look for the segment to maintain growth similar to the 8% year-over-year constant currency revenue growth it reported last quarter.  Revenue and intelligent cloud revenue: As another key contributor to Microsoft's operating income (contributing $2.2 billion in Q4 versus a $3 billion contribution from productivity and business processes), it's important its intelligent cloud segment continues to grow, too. For a benchmark, this segment's revenue increased 2% in constant currency in Q4. Look for similar growth in Q1. Personal computing revenue: While Microsoft's personal computing product segment contributes a much smaller sum of operating income ($964 million in Q4) to the company's results compared to its other segments, some investors may be looking to this segment as a potential area for future, accretive growth. In addition to including Windows sales, it includes a few wildcards, namely Xbox Live sales and the company's growing Surface business. iPad Pro. Image source: Apple. Surface sales will be a particularly interesting area to watch this quarter. It may highlight whether or not the product can hold its own against Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) nascent iPad Pro segment, which arguably competes directly with Microsoft's Surface products. Apple's iPad Pro has been proving to be a hit with customers, helping drive iPad average selling prices and iPad revenue higher in Apple's most recent quarter. Indeed, the higher prices for iPad Pro devices compared to iPad Air and iPad mini devices helped Apple's revenue in the segment increase 7% even as total iPad unit sales declined 9%. And given that Apple is still fairly new to this segment, it's not clear yet whether Apple can hurt Microsoft's Surface business. In Q4, Microsoft's total personal computing revenue declined 2% in constant currency, weighed by a 70% year-over-year decline in phone revenue as the company de-emphasizes its phone business. But Surface revenue increased 9% in constant currency. It's more difficult to anticipate where Microsoft's personal computing segment, or Surface sales specifically, could end up during Q1, but an update from management on the wildcard segment could provide some insight into the segment's longer-term prospects. As Microsoft stock's recent rise and its subsequently frothy price-to-earnings ratio of about 27.5 suggest, there's a lot riding on this quarter. Microsoft will need to continue to convince investors it's developing avenues for consistent, long-term growth. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Sep 28, 2016 at 1:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.64 no change (0.00%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 28 AAPL: 113.95 0.86 Apple announces new iOS enterprise partnership with services firm Deloitte Zac Hall - 2 months ago @apollozac Enterprise Apple CEO Tim Cook and Deloitte Global CEO Punit Renjen meet at Apple's campus to announce a joint effort to accelerate business transformation using iOS, iPhone & iPad. (Courtesy of Apple/Roy Zipstein) View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has announced a new enterprise partnership with professional services firm Deloitte focused on integrating iPhones and iPads in the workplace. The latest enterprise partnership follows similar arrangements with IBM and SAP. The arrangement with Apple will help Deloitte with “creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors” according to the press release. For some background on Deloitte per Wikipedia: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited /dəˈlɔɪt ˈtuːʃ toʊˈmɑːtsuː/, commonly referred to as Deloitte, is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in New York City in the United States. Deloitte is one of the “Big Four” and the largest professional services network in the world by revenue and number of professionals. Deloitte provides audit, tax, consulting, enterprise risk and financial advisory services with more than 244,400 professionals globally. In FY 2016, the company earned a record $36.8 billion USD in revenues. As of 2016, Deloitte is the 6th-largest privately owned organization in the United States. As per reports in 2012, Deloitte had the largest number of clients amongst FTSE 250 companies in the UK and in 2015, Deloitte currently has the highest market share in auditing among the top 500 companies in India. Deloitte has been ranked number one by market share in consulting by Gartner, and for the fourth consecutive year, Kennedy Consulting Research and Advisory ranks Deloitte number one in both global consulting and management consulting based on aggregate revenue. In 2016, Fortune magazine ranked Deloitte as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For and Bloomberg Business has consistently named Deloitte as the best place to launch a career. IBM offered this statement on Apple’s latest enterprise effort: “This further validates the market we established with Apple more than two years ago. Since that time, IBM has built a billion-dollar-revenue business and delivered a total platform for enterprise mobility — web services for security, device management and Watson analytics — all front-ended by more than 100 made-for-business appsthat are transforming the nature of work. As a result, IBM and Apple are doing transformative work around the globe, with clients that include Air Canada, Boots UK, Amica Insurance and Scandinavian Airlines. IBM remains Apple’s only global strategic partner.” Apple’s official press release has all of the details: Excited to work with @PunitRenjen @Deloitte to help businesses maximize the amazing capabilities of iOS,iPhone, iPad https://t.co/xXJIBjzEsC — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) September 28, 2016 Apple & Deloitte Team Up to Accelerate Business Transformation on iPhone & iPad Deloitte Introduces New Apple Practice to Help Businesses Design & Implement iPhone & iPad Solutions View a mobile-optimized version on CUPERTINO, California and NEW YORK — September 28, 2016 — Apple® and Deloitte today announced a partnership to help companies quickly and easily transform the way they work by maximizing the power, ease-of-use and security the iOS platform brings to the workplace through iPhone® and iPad®. As part of the joint effort, Deloitte is creating a first-of-its-kind Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors who are solely focused on helping businesses change the way they work across their entire enterprise, from customer-facing functions such as retail, field services and recruiting, to R&D, inventory management and back-office systems. Apple and Deloitte will also collaborate on the development of a new service offering from Deloitte Consulting called EnterpriseNext, designed to help clients fully take advantage of the iOS ecosystem of hardware, software and services in the workplace. The new offering will help customers discover the highest impact possibilities within their industries and quickly develop custom solutions through rapid prototyping. “We know that iOS is the best mobile platform for business because we’ve experienced the benefit ourselves with over 100,000 iOS devices in use by Deloitte’s workforce, running 75 custom apps,” said Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global. “Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer, and help them achieve their ambitions, while driving efficiency and productivity.” “As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we’re able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver.” EnterpriseNext from Deloitte Consulting will provide businesses with expertise spanning more than 20 industries, and offers customers: EnterpriseNext Value Maps for iOS to help them discover the highest impact possibilities for iPhone and iPad within their industries, align their mobile opportunities and prioritize digital resources; EnterpriseNext Workshops for iOS to quickly take ideas from prototype to custom-built iOS solutions; and iOS architects, designers and engineers – housed within Deloitte Digital Studios around the world – to help produce easily deployable, high-quality native apps that integrate seamlessly with existing business platforms including ERP, CRM, analytics and HR. For more information regarding the Apple and Deloitte partnership, please visit: deloitte.com/apple/ or apple.com/ipad/business/. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Deloitte is one of the largest professional services firms in the world and the leader in digital transformation strategy. Through a network of more than 244,000 professionals, industry specialists, and an ecosystem of alliances, Deloitte assists its clients in turning complex business issues into opportunities for growth and measurable impact.  Our market-leading teams help organizations transform in the digital era. For more information, visit Deloitte’s US website at: www2.deloitte.com/us/en.html. As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Heather Graubard Deloitte Digital hgraubard@deloitte.com (206) 214-8698 Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Guides Enterprise View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Mossberg Apple Microsoft Mossberg: Running Windows 10 and macOS Sierra together The new Parallels 12 does the job well, even on aging hardware by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg Sep 28, 2016, 9:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Recode. I’m writing this paragraph in Word for Windows on Windows 10. The process is as smooth as you’d expect on PC hardware built for Windows, with no hesitation or freezing, and all the features are enabled. But I’m not using a Windows PC; I’m using a three-year-old MacBook Air. And I haven’t had to give over the Air entirely to Windows. Instead, I’m running Windows 10 and its apps concurrently with the brand-new macOS Sierra. For instance, the Windows version of Word is running in its own window, right alongside open Mac apps, including Apple Mail and Safari. I’m doing this all with the new version of a 10-year-old program, Parallels Desktop, from a Seattle-area company of the same name, which came out last month for $80. It’s faster and smoother than ever, and has some new tricks, including a new Mac utility suite that’s also sold separately. With ParalleIs Desktop, I can hop back and forth between Sierra and Windows 10 — and even between individual apps — with ease. I just copied and pasted the paragraph above into Apple’s proprietary Notes app, exactly as I could from a native Mac app. And I wrote this sentence in Notes and copied and pasted it back into the Windows version of Word. Then I copied and pasted the whole thing again from Word for Windows into Google Docs running in Safari natively on the Mac. Windows 10, windowed, on a three-year-old MacBook Air Through all this, the aging Air performed smoothly and quickly, even though I’m now running three Windows apps and 11 Mac apps, including two browsers — Microsoft Edge and Apple Safari — with about 15 tabs open, total. That includes two instances of the constantly updating TweetDeck app for Twitter power users. The only sign of strain is the constant, low whir of the fans. But, to be honest, my faithful Air cranks up the fans pretty often these days even when running just macOS, and did so even before Sierra. (God, I hope Apple gives the Air a power bump, and soon.) When Parallels first came out, in 2006, I called it “a pleasure to use” and “the best of both worlds.” After using this new version, Parallels 12, I can say with confidence that, in my tests, it still is. If you love and use the Mac, but need to use a few Windows apps, Parallels does the trick. The world has changed However, the world has changed a lot since then, and the need for Parallels has diminished for average Mac users. When it was launched, shortly after Apple switched the Mac to the same Intel processors that Windows used, it was a big deal, because there were still lots of apps only available for Windows, or which — like Microsoft Office — were vastly better on Windows. Parallels also offered a smoother solution than Apple’s own method for solving this problem: a feature called Boot Camp that’s still built into the Mac. Boot Camp also allowed running Windows on a Mac, but it required you to carve out a separate Windows partition on your hard disk, and you could only run one OS at a time. You had to reboot each time you wanted to switch. Mac-native and web-based apps are more ubiquitous now than in 2006 Now, however, the web and web apps have drastically reduced Mac users’ need to run local Windows apps. Macs have become more common (though still a minority of PCs) and app makers have produced many more good Mac-native apps than existed in 2006. Even Microsoft has brought the native Mac version of Office far closer to parity with the Windows version. Perhaps even more important has been the rise of smartphones and tablets, where Apple maintains a strong position. Many PC use cases have moved to mobile apps, and Apple’s iOS mobile operating system gets excellent versions of these apps, and often gets them first. The Mac-Windows rivalry has been replaced by the iOS-Android rivalry, and iPhone and iPad users aren’t at an app disadvantage. But some still will find it useful So why would anyone still need or want Parallels? Well, some programs and sites, especially in banking and finance, are still Windows-only, or still require Internet Explorer, which lacks a Mac version. Some people who work for big companies still need to use in-house apps that run on Windows only. Some power users of Office still prefer the Windows version. Developers also find it useful. And Parallels doesn’t just run Windows 10: it can run multiple versions of Windows, Linux, and even older Mac operating systems in virtual machines. Plus, heavy-duty PC games are still written almost entirely for Windows. Parallels can solve the first set of issues, but, while it has gotten better at Windows games, it can’t handle enough of them well enough for me to recommend it to gamers. (The company does say that Parallels 12 can, with the proper settings, let you play Blizzard’s Overwatch, as an example. And it says it can handle the Xbox app on Windows 10, because the Xbox is doing the work. But I didn’t test games.) Interoperability between the two systems is impressive, and goes well beyond copy and paste. For instance, I was able, on the first try, to get Apple’s Siri (now on the Mac) to launch the Windows Calendar app and to get Spotlight to launch Groove Music on Windows. And I was able to get Cortana, the Windows assisant, to launch Keynote from the macOS. Icons for Windows 10 and for individual Windows programs you’re using show up in the Mac’s Dock just like Mac apps, and can be kept there permanently if you like. On the Windows side, Mac folder icons live on the desktop next to local Windows ones. You can open and work on Mac files with your Windows apps. And a C: drive appears in the Mac Finder’s list of sources, so you can call up Windows files. The Mac’s Command key works as the Windows key when you’re using Windows. Parallels has always stored its virtual machine in a big file in the Documents folder on the Mac, which also includes files you saved to the virtual PC. But it takes up less room than you’d think, and, in Sierra, this big file can automatically be moved to the cloud. In my tests, Parallels 12 cost me only about nine gigabytes, even though I have two Parallels virtual machines: a new Windows 10 one and an older one running Windows 8. Fetching things from the cloud worked quickly. A new utility The company is also touting a new companion utility, called Parallels Toolbox, which lives in the Mac’s toolbar and lets you do a variety of things with one or two clicks. These include locking the screen, muting the mic, archiving files, downloading streaming media from the web, and recording actions on the screen. It works whether you’re running Mac or Windows at the moment. In my tests, it worked well, and the company says it will add more features over time. But it’s expensive for a utility bundle, at $10 a year. (A basic version is bundled with the standard edition of Parallels Desktop; the edition which will get more features is included with pricier Pro and Business versions of Parallels, which cost $100 a year.) Pricing As noted above, the basic edition of Parallels 12 costs $80, at parallels.com. But unless you got it as a free upgrade, you’ll also have to buy Windows 10. I bought a copy for $120, using a very nice Parallels wizard that takes you to Microsoft’s web store to buy it, then installs it for you. It will also install a legal disk image of Windows if you get one elsewhere. Bottom line I have a soft spot for breakthrough products like Parallels, even years after they appear. I remain impressed by its quality and performance. And I can recommend it for developers, or average Mac users who just need to use a few Windows apps. Correction: an earlier version of this column mistakenly omitted the fact that a basic version of Parallels Toolbox is bundled with the standard edition of Parallels Desktop. More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Barnes & Noble is releasing a $50 Nook Tablet on Black Friday Google has added an eraser for bleak skies in Photos Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ This Article has a component height of 39. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 26 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple Watch Hermès Launches in 18 Countries Today, Apple Watch Series 2 Launches in 20 More Countries LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 23, 2016 at 7:32pm by iClarified · 10601 views · Translate Apple is launching the Apple Watch Hermes in eighteen countries today and the Apple Watch Series 2 in twenty additional countries. Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Edition are available beginning today in Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, El Salvador, Greece, Guam, Hungary, Jersey, Kuwait, Macau, Monaco, Poland, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and the US Virgin Islands. Apple Watch Hermès is available starting today in Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Macau, Russia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, UAE, the UK and the US. The next generation smartwatch is water resistant to 50 meters for swimming and has built-in GPS for running. Click here for more details... Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Follow iClarified Comments (8) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:58pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobile../ Reply · Like · Mark as Spam AppleCollector - September 24, 2016 at 1:33pm I was feeling like a badass waiting for the apple stores to open up being the first in line when I waited to buy 5 of these apple watches for my dogs and to be honest, it was all worth it because my dogs loved them and couldn't be any more interested into wearing them and they didn't mind how it looked because it looks perfect! It's what I call fashion! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Applefanboy - September 24, 2016 at 1:12am I was looking like a fool lining up outside apple store, because i am the only loyal apple fan standing there before the store open. just to buy 3 apple watch for my dogs to wear, will return it for refund next week because look bad on my dogs Reply · Like · Mark as Spam MUKAI - September 24, 2016 at 6:11am You got a point, my chihuahua started crying when I made him wear that ugly collar Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Brian - September 23, 2016 at 9:57pm I do believe dog collars might be useful in Africa, Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 3 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Ceramic Apple Watch Edition Unboxing [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 24, 2016 at 12:33am by iClarified · 18085 views · Translate Check out this unboxing video of the new ceramic Apple Watch Edition smartwatch. Apple Watch Edition has been reimagined in brilliant white ceramic, engineered to be as strong as it is beautiful. With all the great features of Apple Watch Series 2, it’s the next generation of a timepiece that knows no equal. Ceramic is sleek, light, and extremely durable. It's more than four times as hard as stainless steel — with a pearly, lustrous finish that won’t scratch or tarnish. The process of creating the Apple Watch Edition case begins with a high-strength zirconia powder that’s combined with alumina to achieve its rich, white color. Each case is then compression molded, sintered, and polished using a diamond slurry, which results in a remarkably smooth surface and an exquisite shine. Every Apple Watch Edition case takes days to make. Take a look at AppleInsider's unboxing video below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (25) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:58pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobilenm,. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam D - September 28, 2016 at 3:15am Wow! Looks like a white watch! Amazing! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dale the dumbass - September 25, 2016 at 8:30pm "plus, if what people say are opinions, they wouldn't go as far as trying to criticism someone or act like they want to be right about everything so technically these aren't "opinions" you are expecting here to begin with!!" <----- This is an example from your last post of the kind of moronic garbage being posted by you. Are you a product of American education? I hope not. By the way, it's called criticizing someone. And you are one of the worst examples - criticizing anyone on this site who makes a critical comment about anything Apple. And another irony of your statement, one of the biggest crybaby fanboys there is who "always had to be right" but actually never is, is you. Go outside and get some fresh air and exercise or something. Maybe some day you will be able to get to the point where you can actually socialize with another human being face to face. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dale the Dumbass The Dumbasshole - September 25, 2016 at 9:09pm ""plus, if what people say are opinions, they wouldn't go as far as trying to criticism someone or act like they want to be right about everything so technically these aren't "opinions" you are expecting here to begin with!!" <----- This is an example from your last post of the kind of moronic garbage being posted by you. Are you a product of American education? I hope not. By the way, it's called criticizing someone. And you are one of the worst examples - criticizing anyone on this site who makes a critical comment about anything Apple. And another irony of your statement, one of the biggest crybaby fanboys there is who "always had to be right" but actually never is, is you. Go outside and get some fresh air and exercise or something. Maybe some day you will be able to get to the point where you can actually socialize with another human being face to face." ← Wow, now this is a whole new level of everything you attempted to blame me over and desperately make a point over that goes against everything you said! It's one thing to attempt to confuse someone when you try to shove shit down my throat, but going out of your own way to say this is all ironic when clearly you just proved yourself how you made it a bizillion times ironic? Way to troll hard dude. I have been going outside and socializing with real human beings (unlike some trolls always acting the opposite of someone else) THANKS FOR ASKING, but if anything, you need your head out of your ass so you can have a brain not being plugged in with decaying crap before you attempt to cobble some bull shit about someone's life. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dale the dumbass - September 25, 2016 at 10:39pm It's never going to end with you. You have zero ability to self reflect. Alright then. Carry on with your life in the iclarified comments section. Good luck. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 20 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Apple Sends Army Of 5,000 Deloitte Consultants Into Businesses Posted: Sep 28 2016, 2:19pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Apple     The enterprise strategy of Apple takes on an unusual shape. Apple has not done much for enterprises on the software and hardware side. There are no Apple servers. There is no Apple cloud services and there are no professional enterprise tools. Apple just wants businesses to use as many iPhones and iPads as possible. Now Apple has partnered up with Deloitte to have an army of 5,000 "strategic advisors" to promote the use of iPhone and iPad in businesses.  Don't Miss: The Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad “We know that iOS is the best mobile platform for business because we’ve experienced the benefit ourselves with over 100,000 iOS devices in use by Deloitte’s workforce, running 75 custom apps,” said Punit Renjen, CEO of Deloitte Global. “Our dedicated Apple practice will give global businesses the expertise and resources they need to empower their mobile workforce to take advantage of the powerful ecosystem iOS, iPhone and iPad offer, and help them achieve their ambitions, while driving efficiency and productivity.” Maybe the increased presence in enterprises will help Apple to understand better what companies need. it is not just about the device that the employee uses. “As the leader in digital transformation strategy, Deloitte is an ideal partner that brings a team of Apple-dedicated strategic advisors to help clients truly revolutionize how they work using iOS, iPhone and iPad,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “iPhone and iPad are transforming how people everywhere get work done. And through this partnership, we’re able to help even more businesses tap into the incredible capabilities that only the Apple ecosystem can deliver.” Apple definitly needs to provide more than just an army of consultants to create solutions for companies. The funny thing is that Microsoft helps Apple to have more value in businesses with the availability of Microsoft Office apps on iOS. Tim Cook's team could though be more innovative for enterprise users. I recently meet a startup that developed a bracelet that enables continuous multi-factor authentication. Employees need to use a trusted device to authenticate the bracelet once they put it on. The solution from Munich based iDee continously checks if the bracelet is activated when the user is accessing company accounts inside or outside the company. This is a perfect application for the iPhone and Apple Watch. It is though not enough to just make the devices. You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 21 minutes ago iPhones in Made in America Possiblity: Report 8 hours ago A Czech Apple-Authorized Reseller claims the Apple Airpod Release date to be set for December 18 hours ago, 1:30pm CST The Official F1 2016 Game for iOS Is Out 20 hours ago, 11:50am CST OLED iPhone 8 To Sit on Top of iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus 23 hours ago, 8:52am CST Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 20 minutes ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 33 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Black Friday 2016 Deals and Tote Announced 46 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt Reveals Her Hard Workout Routine 1 hour ago Top Black Friday Microsoft Xbox One S and Sony PS4 Deals 2 hours ago McLaren Working on a Three-Seat F1-Inspired Hyper-GT 2 hours ago Tesla's Solar Roof to be Cheaper than Regular Roof Even without Energy Factor Says Musk 2 hours ago Scientists Hacked Photosynthesis to Boost Crop Yields 2 hours ago NES Classic In Stock at Walmart at 5pm Last Time 2 hours ago Hyundai Introduces new Autonomous IONIQ Concept at LA Motor Show 3 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Announced Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Apple Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 21 minutes ago iPhones in Made in America Possiblity: Report 8 hours ago A Czech Apple-Authorized Reseller claims the Apple Airpod Release date to be set for December 18 hours ago, 1:30pm CST The Official F1 2016 Game for iOS Is Out 20 hours ago, 11:50am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 20 minutes ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 21 minutes ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 33 minutes ago Victoria's Secret Black Friday 2016 Deals and Tote Announced 46 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Aetna‬‬ Offering Discount On Apple Watch By Adnan Farooqui on 09/28/2016 09:56 PST Many people would like to receive discounts on Apple products which tend to be pricey but the company rarely offers them so they have to look elsewhere. Aetna is making the news today for saying that it’s going to offer some of its customers discounts on the Apple Watch. This is the first such deal of its kind that Apple has made with a health insurer for its wearable devices. As part of its deal with Apple, Aetna is going to give the Apple Watch for free to its almost 50,000 employees. The health insurer has nearly 23 million members in the United States so it’s a major player in its own right. Apple is working hard to improve its wearable device’s health and fitness credentials so teaming up with a health insurer will enable the company to target users who are very conscious about their health and fitness. Aetna will provide eligible customers with a significant portion of the price and allow them to pay off the remaining amount via easy monthly payment options. It can’t be said for sure how much discount each Aetna customer is going to get because the company has said that the discount on the Apple Watch is going to vary by customer. Filed in Apple >Gadgets. Read more about Apple Watch and Wearable Tech. Source: time Related Articles 2016-11-17 Apple Looking Into Monitoring Parkinson’s Disease With Apple Watch 2016-11-15 TOMS Launches Apple Watch Straps 2016-11-03 Kohl's Will Start Selling The Apple Watch Soon 2016-11-02 CMRA Is An Apple Watch Band With Built-In Cameras 2016-10-24 Apple Watch Nike+ To Launch In 41 Countries On October 28 Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Possible Reason Why The New MacBook Pros Don’t Have Larger Batteries Apple Mistakes Customer For Saddam Hussein, Refuses Refund Man Officially Changes His Name To ‘iPhone 7’ Just To Win An iPhone Right Side Thunderbolt 3 Ports On 13-Inch MacBook Pro Have Reduced Bandwidth Apple Explains Why New MacBook Pros Max Out At 16GB RAM User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 28 AAPL: 113.95 0.86 Don’t worry, Apple isn’t intercepting all your iMessage contacts for police Jordan Kahn - 2 months ago @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Intercept’s Sam Biddle published a story today citing police documents that he reported prove Apple logs every contact you type in iMessage to share with law enforcement without telling anyone. But it’s not exactly news. Apple doesn’t log every contact you type into your Messages app, and there’s already a lot of publicly available information from Apple about it storing contact info that could be shared with law enforcement. From The Intercept: “Every time you type a number into your iPhone for a text conversation, the Messages app contacts Apple servers to determine whether to route a given message over the ubiquitous SMS system… over Apple’s proprietary and more secure messaging network…The document implies that Messages transmits these numbers to Apple when you open a new chat window and select a contact or number with whom to communicate” To be clear, Apple isn’t actually sharing any of your conversations — those are entirely encrypted and out of its reach– we’re only talking about contact numbers here.  Biddle makes two main claims: Apple is storing all contact info from your iPhone’s Messages app without telling anyone… and sharing with law enforcement through the proper court process. Apple has already made it clear a number of times that it stores contact information. Here are just a couple of mentions from one of its legal documents and its iOS 10 license agreement on how it provides that data and more to law enforcement: “When you use your device, your phone number and certain unique identifiers for your iOS Device are sent to Apple in order to allow others to reach you by your phone number when using various communication features of the iOS Software, such as iMessage and FaceTime.” “Apple has FaceTime call invitation logs when a FaceTime call invitation is initiated. These logs do not indicate that any communication between users actually took place.” “Please note the only categories of user generated active files that can be provided to law enforcement, pursuant to a valid search warrant, are: SMS, iMessage, MMS, photos, videos, contacts, audio recording, and call history. Apple cannot provide: email, calendar entries, or any third-party app data.” “iCloud content may include stored photos, documents, contacts, calendars, bookmarks and iOS device backups. iOS device backups may include photos and videos in the users’ camera roll, device settings, app data, iMessage, SMS, and MMS messages and voicemail. iCloud content may be provided in response to a search warrant issued upon a showing of probable cause.” Apple notes in its legal documents that it can’t itself manually extract data from locked devices running iOS 8 or later due to its new security features, but it has long provided contact info using that method to law enforcement. It has also had disclosure about storing contact info and sharing that data with law enforcement for a number of years. It’s nothing new for Apple’s privacy policies and or how it shares with law enforcement. Apple isn’t logging every number you type into your Messages app, but rather only when it needs to for routing a message to the right service or debugging purposes.  The second major claim… 2. IP address info in the logs can expose a user’s location, something Apple hasn’t informed customers it shares with law enforcement. Again, Apple has long kept IP address log data for a long list of software related services from when you sign-on to iCloud or somewhere with your Apple ID, to the IP addresses of all its iTunes subscribers, and it makes that data available to law enforcement with proper warrants. Apple discloses this several times for various services in its legal documents linked above. Not to mention an IP address doesn’t offer exact location or even always accurate location data that could allow law enforcement or anyone else to pinpoint your location. “My Apple ID and iForgot logs for a user may be obtained from Apple. Connection logs with IP addresses can be obtained with a subpoena…” “iCloud subscriber information and connection logs with IP addresses can be obtained with a subpoena number, email address, product purchased, purchase amount, and IP address…A subpoena or greater legal process is required in order to obtain this information.” “iTunes subscriber information and connection logs with IP addresses can be obtained with a subpoena…” “Apple maintains information regarding online purchases including name, shipping address, telephone number, email address, product purchased, purchase amount, and IP address of the purchase. A subpoena or greater legal process is required in order to obtain this information. “ So Apple’s servers do log some contact related info for the company’s own debugging purposes and to route some messages to the right service (SMS or Apple’s Messages platform) when that info is needed — that’s what makes iMessage work the way it does with switching between SMS and iMessage on the fly. It keeps the data for 30 days before deleting it, and it does make some data available to law enforcement with proper warrants, but it has been clear about disclosing that to customers. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
PREGNANCY BABY TODDLER BIG KID TEEN EDUCATION SPED KIDS WELLNESS FAMILY LIFE CELEBRITY MOMS Daddy Xiaomi Mi 5s Is Reportedly Advanced Than The Upcoming iPhone 8, Not To Mention Cheaper By Joseph Fabio, Parent Herald September 28, 10:30 am TAG Xiaomi, mi 5s, iPhone 8, iPhone 7, iphone 7plus, smartphones, smartphone, Fingerprint, smartphone feature, iOS, chinese, china, chinese tech company One of the first customers to buy a new iPhone walks out of an Apple store in Manhattan on September 16, 2016 in New York City. (Photo : Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Advertisement After the success of the launch and release of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, reports of the new iPhone 8 is starting to circulate. The fingerprint feature is one of its promising features that every iOS fan is looking forward to experience. However, it would appear that another smartphone has beat Apple to it and not only does it have the exact same new feature of the iPhone 8, but it is also cheaper. On September 26, news about the Xiaomi Mi 5s started to intrigue a lot of people and tech enthusiasts. According to a report by BGR, a company called Xiaomi has been existing for a while now and they make really good copies of pretty much anything that Apple releases. Their smartphones are under the Android platform and believe it or not, they are of good quality that lots of their consumers are satisfied with their products. Xiaomi, however, is not famous in the United States. One of its reasons is because they might get sued for stealing intellectual property ideas. A photo posted by Technology Indonesia IND (@tech_indonesia) on Sep 27, 2016 at 7:49am PDT These days, Xiaomi is starting to make a name for themselves when it just launched its new smartphone called the Xiaomi Mi 5s. The most interesting part of it is that it has the exact same fingerprint feature that the iPhone 8 has, which is not coming until 2017. On the other hand, Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus are so far getting great reviews from critics. According to Forbes, the fact that the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are waterproof has made it to being a best seller this year. The stereo speakers also drew a lot of attention to Apple fans. There are mixed feelings about Apple taking the headphone jack, but so far it wasn't a big deal for most. Now that you know about the Xiaomi Mi 5s being more affordable than the upcoming iPhone 8, are you willing to make a switch? Tell us your opinion in the comments section below. © 2016 ParentHerald.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple News & Updates: Apple Buying McLaren? The iOS 10 Update Is Causing iPhones To Freeze, Delaying The Launch Of Other Apple Apps Kate Middleton, Prince William Divorce Updates: Royal Divorce To Be Announced In 2017; Queen Elizabeth II Is Responsible? Frank Ocean Didn’t Submit His Album ‘Blonde’ For Grammy’s Amid Kanye West’s Boycott Threats 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 Spoilers, Release Date & News: Queen Sansa- Jon Snow Ousted Because Of Petyr Baelish's Scheme? ‘How To Get Away With Murder” Season Finale Recap [SPOILERS]; Wes Is Not Really Dead? Nowalk Teases Twist for ‘HTGAWM’ 2017 Premiere Sign up for our Newsletter Most Popular Social Skills-Boosting Tips: Why Kids' Social Skills In Kindergarten May Reflect Their Success As Adults Artificial Intelligence Vs. Aging: Simple AI Tool To Predict One’s Age From Blood? See More Aging.AI 2.0 Details Here Things We Should Tell The Kids About The Election Cyberbullying: How Oversharing Online Can Lead To Potential Web Abuse And Harassment 19-Year-Old Teenage Boy Mercilessly Raped Unconscious 18-Year-Old Teenage Girl, Now In Jail! Worriers and Overthinkers Are Creative Geniuses, Recent Study Says Specific Threats Now Facing Higher Education Is Your Teen Listening To You? If Not, Here's What Parents Can Do Opinion Five A-Plus Gifts Parents Can Give To Their Children 5 Excellent Ways To Teach Your Baby To Self-Soothe Nutrition’s Emerging Role in Concussion Treatment How To Properly Relate With Your Children Our Picks Miracle Baby Born With Brain Outside Of Her Skull Now At 4 Months Old After Doctors Said She’ll Die At Birth Teen Girl Is Bullied And Attacked For Being A Donald Trump Supporter [VIDEO] Perfect Parenting Can Only Be Seen On Social Media Social Media: Stop Bullying The Kids! Here’s How To Teach Virtual Safety To Children Cyberbullying: How Oversharing Online Can Lead To Potential Web Abuse And Harassment Hillary Clinton Loses 2016 Presidential Elections, Gives Concession Speech; Tells Little Girls That They Are Valuable, Powerful NEWS PREGNANCY BABY TODDLER BIG KID TEEN EDUCATIONSPED KIDSWELLNESSFAMILY LIFE ABOUT US CONTACT US TERMS OF SERVICE PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 PARENT HERALD All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Trending Now #NicoleKidmanFallon #GreysAnatomySpoilers #JLoMarcKiss These Celebs Broke a Cardinal Fashion Rule Sign In Subscribe Us Weekly Magazine Home News Videos Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets More Home Videos Moms Entertainment Pets Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Mom Approved Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Life Hacks VMAs #NicoleKidmanFallon #GreysAnatomySpoilers #JLoMarcKiss Editor's Picks Nicole Kidman Embarrasses Jimmy Fallon by Revealing He Blew a Second Chance to Date Her Shocking Split? 'Grey's Anatomy' Winter Finale's 7 Stunning Moments Kanye West Confesses: ‘I Would Have Voted for Trump’ Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony Share a Kiss at the Latin Grammy Awards ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt’ Actress Lisa Lynn Masters Found Dead: Report HTGAWM's Victim Speaks: The Death Changes 'the Story in a Big Way' Kim Kardashian Takes Over for Kris Jenner as Family Manager 7 Surprising Revelations About ‘Saved by the Bell’ Tech News BlackBerry Is Done Making Phones and These Stars Are Probably Upset September 28, 2016 @ 12:34 PM  By  Stephanie Webber Kim Kardashian arrives to the launch party of the pink Blackberry Curve in 2008. Credit: Michael Tran/FilmMagic Bye, bye BlackBerry! The company announced on Wednesday, September 28, that it will no longer be making its own phones. Per CNN, the smartphone maker will now rely on other manufacturers to make the devices and will continue to focus its attention on software. PHOTOS: Celebrity CEOs: Stars Who Run Their Own Business Empires Savvy tech users were first able to get their hands on BlackBerrys in 1999. The keyboard was a favorite, and it was the first phone to integrate email. However, sales have plummeted in recent years thanks to its main competitor, Apple. In April, Fortune reported that Apple sold more phones per day than BlackBerry did in one quarter. "Remember back in those days people were debating which one is better, ie: Apple vs BlackBerry?" one critic tweeted following the news on Wednesday. BlackBerry will be sorely missed by many. Some stars who've used BlackBerrys include President Barack Obama, Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry, Lindsay Lohan, Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour and Sarah Jessica Parker. Now this isn't something you see often. It's like the blackberries are mating en route to Boston via @amtrak. It's nice to see them having some fun for a change. X, sj A photo posted by SJP (@sarahjessicaparker) on May 24, 2016 at 5:32pm PDT PHOTOS: Best Gadget Gifts for Tech Lovers Back in May, the Sex and the City star, 51, shared a photo of three BlackBerrys via Instagram. "Now this isn't something you see often. It's like the blackberries are mating en route to Boston via @amtrak," she captioned the pic. "It's nice to see them having some fun for a change." PHOTOS: Stars' Funniest First Jobs You May Also Like Celebrities’ Biggest Social Media Fails Kim K. Alludes to ‘Family Drama’ After Rob, Kylie Incident The 12 Best Coloring Books for Grown-Ups Last month, Kim Kardashian — who has been a fan for years — posted about her beloved BlackBerry breaking down. "Sooo my blackberry bold died. I can’t find anymore on eBay. I knew this day would come & to be honest I’m prepared. But the question is … Do I try a different kind of blackberry? Or ditch it all together? Or a different phone like Samsung?" the Selfish author, 35, tweeted on August 4. "I need 2 phones. Because I love having 2 different phone services so I always have a working phone." Chrissy Teigen sent her condolence flowers for the phone. "You guys, how thoughtful is Chrissy?" Kardashian said during a Snapchat video. "She sent me this floral arrangement, she just gets me." Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics and more! Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Us Weekly 2016 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us FAQ Sitemap Don't have an Us Weekly account? Sign up here. Sign In Want to be an Us Insider? Sign up for exclusive news about your favorite celebrities and more. Already a member? Click here. Login With Facebook! Login With Google+! - or - Create An Account Here! Register
null
Now Playing Love Story TAYLOR SWIFT Listen Live Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us MENU Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us   Advertisement French News Thursday 22nd September 2016 Local Shooting - A student from Toulon in is a critical condition after being shot in the head. The man was found at his home in the Saint Musse neighbourhood. The cousin and brother of the victim raised the alarm on Monday night after finding him in his apartment. According to police reports, the incident may have happened on Sunday night after shots were heard in the area at around 9.30pm. Authorities say the victim was either shot intentionally or by a stray bullet.The investigation continues. The victim was not previously known to the police.   Food contamination - Two food manufacturers have removed their hamburgers from supermarket shelfs following an outbreak of E Coli bacteria. The following brands ‘The Peasant Life’ and ‘Bio Claire’ announced that they have recalled their organic beef burgers sold between the 31st August and the 9th September. Consumers who may have purchased the product are being asked to not take any risks and destroy them. Regions travel network - President of the PACA region Christian Estrosi has revealed new security plans for the region’s transport network. Almost every train, tram and bus, including stations and stops, will be fitted with CCTV cameras. The 250 million euro plan will also add an extra 200 security officers to reinforce passenger safety.   National Chirac - The wife of ex-French president Jacques Chirac has been hospitalized with 'exhaustion'. Bernadette Chirac was admitted days after her husband was taken ill with a lung infection. Chirac, who led France from 1995 to 2007, had just returned from a visit to Morocco with his wife when he was admitted to hospital in Paris on Monday. Elections - France’s main right-wing party Les Républicains has launched its primary campaign to choose its candidate for next year’s presidential election. Frontrunners among the seven candidates are hard-line former president Nicolas Sarkozy and more moderate Alain Juppé.   Business Minutes from the latest meeting of the US Federal Reserve suggest that most policymakers expect a hike in interest rates before the end of the year. The Fed opted to keep rates on hold at the end of its two day policy meeting in Washington but three members of the Federal Open Markets Committee voted against the decision. In a statement released following the meeting,the Fed said that “the case for an increase in the Federal Funds rate had strengthened” but added that it would wait for more evidence of economic progress. The US central bank said that economic activity had picked up and that job gains had been “solid” in recent months. The bank added that saw “near term” risks to the economy as being “roughly balanced”. The McLaren Formula 1 team has played down reports that Apple has made a buyout or investment bid. On Wednesday,the Financial Times reported that talks between McLaren and Apple had started several months ago but a spokesman for McLaren denied the story and said that the company is not in talks with Apple in respect of any investment. The FT had reported that Apple would pay up to 1.5 billion pounds for McLaren or make an investment for part of it. Apple is known to want to step up its own car projects and McLaren is understood to have talked to the tech giant about its Apple Car project but the discussions had not come to anything. And-The Budget airline Easyjet is to hold talks with the UK pilots’ union BALPA today in a bid to head off strike action. BALPA says that 96 percent of union members out of a turnout of 88 percent had voted for industrial action over working hours and fatigue. The union says that it will listen to Easyjet’s offer and that no strike action is planned for the time being. Easyjet says that it’s committed to working with BALPA to find a resolution for the issues raised and hopes to reach a mutually agreeable solution. Earlier this month it was reported that pilots were planning industrial action over the busy October half-term school holiday period. Sport Football-There were 8 ties in the third round of the League Cup in England last night with no major shocks. Fulham were beaten 2-1 at home by Bristol City.Manchester United won 3-1 at Northampton.Sunderland were 2-1 winners at QPR.Southampton beat Crystal Palace 2-0.Manchester City were 2-1 winner at Swansea.West Ham beat Accrington 1-0.Stoke lost 2-1 at home to Hull and Spurs beat Gillingham 5-0. The draw for the 4th round has been made with West Ham at home against Chelsea.Manchester United against Manchester City.Arsenal against Reading.Liverpool against Spurs.Bristol City against Hull.Leeds versus Norwich.Newcastle against Preston and Southampton against Sunderland. In the quarter final of the Scottish League Cup last night,Celtic beat Alloa 2-0. Athletics-Rome is set to ditch its bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games after the city’s mayor said it would be “irresponsible” to be a candidate. The controversial Five Star politician was elected as mayor of Rome in June.The city’s Olympic Committee had hoped to change her mind but officials say that she failed to turn up to a meeting on Wednesday. Rome last hosted the games in 1960. Cricket-India are playing New Zealand in the first Test in Kanpur. The home side won the toss and elected to bat. Weather Clear skies with light south easterly winds. Top temperature 25 degrees Celsius. Overnight lows of 18 degrees on the coast and 14 degrees inland with partially cloudy skies. Friday and the start of the weekend-Partially cloudy with highs of 24-26 degrees. Finally There are jobs and then there are jobs and this one might just be the one for you? That's if you don’t mind being paid to drink wine. According to reports Northumbria University is seaching for particpants to drink red wine. The University has put out a call for participants to take part in a new study of a compound found in grapes and red wine. Resveratrol is a plant chemical, which, when consumed by humans, can increase blood flow to the brain. Boffins at the university are investigating if this increase in blood flow can help improve mental function and memory due to an extra supply of oxygen and other neural fuels.       Advertisement Homepage Features News What's on guide Giveaways Videos Advertisers Contact Us Copyright - RIVIERA RADIO | Design & SEO by I2N
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple is Reportedly Developing Hardware for the iPhone 8 in Israel LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted September 28, 2016 at 2:14pm by iClarified · 8541 views · Translate Apple is developing hardware for next year's massive redesign of the iPhone in Israel, according to a new report from Business Insider. A local employee told the site that hardware for the 'iPhone 8' is being created at Apple's office in Herzliya, Israel. The employee, who solders components for Apple, didn't give much away, just saying that it will be 'different' than the iPhone 6s and iPhone 7. The source also said that the iPhone 8 will have a better camera than the iPhone 7 and that Apple uses its Herzliya facility for 'New products.' The worker used the term "iPhone 8" unprompted in our conversation. That was interesting because the next logical name for the iPhone to be released in 2017 should be "iPhone 7s." iPhone 8 isn't due until 2018. Apple has a two-year development cycle for new iPhones. However, some observers have noted that the iPhone 7 was a largely incremental update. S-series iPhones are also supposed to be incremental updates, but the phone that is coming in the 2017 "iPhone 7s" slot is expected to be a much more dramatic improvement to the line. So some people believe that Apple might break its naming tradition in 2017, skip iPhone 7s, and give the iPhone a new number or name out of step with the current sequence. "iPhone 8" would be one option. While employees in Herzliya may be referring to the next generation iPhone as the 'iPhone 8', the facility is not involved with branding or marketing of Apple's products. Apple is reportedly working on a massive redesign of the iPhone for next year. It's said the company will introduce three new iPhone models with one of them featuring a curved OLED display. It's widely rumored that the smartphone will be moving to an all-glass design. It will purportedly have a front glass cover and chassis, joined by a metal bezel and an edge-to-edge display that has no bezels on the top and bottom. Additionally, the front camera, Touch ID, speaker, and other sensors will apparently be embedded into the display. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (29) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:50pm Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobileqqzzxaws Reply · Like · Mark as Spam IamNoBody2016 - September 29, 2016 at 1:07pm Horrible News!!! They are gonna put spy hidden chips on every damn phone!!! They are the ones who hacked iPhone... remember!!! Will never buy iPhone8. Apple's suicidal decision... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Crock - September 30, 2016 at 3:06pm Wasn't it Tim Cook who said during one of the Apple events that they will bring iPhone back to America? Lol Reply · Like · Mark as Spam BDS - September 29, 2016 at 5:21am 28 muslim counties 1.6 billion people who blame israel for their problems .. that never invented nothing! 0 innovation 0 contribution 0 ..0 manufacturing.. you are one big 0. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam jeff russel - September 29, 2016 at 11:25am 1. 28 muslim countries 1.6 billion people said nothing on this post 2. this is a technology and innovation website what do politics and religion have to do with this, just shows the hatred and jealousy inside of you. Otherwise, you would have appreciated the article and the work displayed. 3. Those 28 countries invented something called algebra something used to study everything around you. 4. Its 2016 like everyone is tired of bullshit by people like you, go to a website that publishes on religion and politics if you want to post something like this. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 24 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Now Playing Love Story TAYLOR SWIFT Listen Live Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us MENU Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us   Advertisement French News Wednesday 31st August 2016 Local Cocaine - 370 kilos of cocaine has been seized in the Port of Fos sur Mer near Marseille. The drugs were discovered in a container being delivered to a Coca-Cola factory in the region. According to reports it’s one of the biggest drug seizures ever in France. Nice attack - The city of Nice has announced that Pope Francis will meet the families of the victims of the Nice attack on September 24th at the Vatican. Christian Estrosi, President of the Paca region will also be present. In a statement Estrosi said "I firmly hope that this day will help alleviate the suffering of victims enabling us to come together in our collective grief" Camp - A Roma travelers camp has been dismantled in the Plaine du Var. About fifty people installed at the site, were evacuated on Tuesday morning. The camp has been located in the Plaine du Var for two years.On Tuesday, local associations were being mobilized to find a solution for families whose children are already in the school system. Grasse prison - The former detention centre of Grasse has been put up for sale. Situated in the city centre the building dates back to 1841 and has been out of use since the prison closed in 1992. In total 1,277 square metres is on offer and applications must be completed before the 14th October. To participate in the auction a deposit of 50,000 euros is required. Dime on Fest – This Friday Dime on Fest sings for Nice. This year’s Dime on Fest will be held at the Theatre du Verdure in Nice from 7pm on Friday. All proceeds from the concert will be donated to the families of the victims of the Nice attack. National Emmanuel Macron - French economy minister Emmanuel Macron has quit the government. His resignation has increased speculation that he will launch his own presidential bid in an attempt to capitalise on French distrust of the political class. The Elysee confirmed that Macron had resigned as economy minister and that the minister of finance, Michel Sapin would take over what is one of the government’s most important jobs. Manuel Valls - Meanwhile The French prime minister Manuel Valls has drawn criticism for suggesting that naked breasts are more representative of France than a headscarf, in the latest flare-up of the bitter political row over the burkini. Manuel Valls gave a speech on Monday night in which he hailed the bare breasts of Marianne, a national symbol of the French Republic. Business The United States Treasury has criticised the European Union’s decision to make Apple pay 13 billion dollars in back taxes. The Treasury says that such tax investigations are “unfair” and undermined the tax rules of individual states. Meanwhile the White House says that the ruling could affect US tax payers. A spokesman said that if Apple was forced to pay the tax it might offset the amount against tax due in the United States,which would be unfair for US tax payers. On Tuesday the European Commission ruled that the government of the Republic of Ireland had enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies. Both Ireland and Apple say that they disagree with the penalty and will appeal. The global financial messaging system SWIFT has revealed further hacks on its member banks and is pressuring them to introduce security measures implemented in February following the 81 million dollar heist at Bangladesh Bank. SWIFT says that new cyber-theft attempts have surfaced since June and that customers environments had been compromised. A report by Reuters says that the disclosure suggests that cyber-criminals may be ramping up their efforts following the Bangladesh Bank robbery and that they’re specifically targeting banks with lax security procedures for SWIFT-enabled transfers. And-French President Francois Hollande has said that he doubts whether the TTIP trade deal will ever be concluded. Speaking in Paris on Tuesday,Mr Hollande said that the deal would certainly not be finalised before US President Barack Obama left office and that the negotiations had “bogged down”. Mr Hollande said that France wanted to “see things as they are” adding that positions had not been respected and that the imbalance is obvious.Other senior European politicians including the vice-chancellor of Germany have also cast doubt on the viability of TTIP over the past few days. Sport Tennis-Andy Murray is through to the second round of the US Open at Flushing Meadows. The second seed beat Lukas Rosol in straight sets to set up a second round clash with Marcel Granollers. There were also first round wins for Stan Wawrinka,Juan Martin Del Potro and Kei Nishikori. In the women’s event,the defending champion Serena Williams came through her first round match against Ekaterina Makarova 6-3 6-3 and there were first round wins for Venus Williiams,Simona Halep and Agnieszka Radwanska. Cricket-England posted the highest ever one day international total on Tuesday as they thrashed Pakistan by 169 runs at Trent Bridge to take the series. England made a massive 444-3 from their 50 overs including 171 from Alex Hales and 90 not out from Jos Buttler. In reply,Pakistan could only manage 275 all out from 42.4 overs. England take an unassailable 3-0 lead in the series with two to play. Football-More than a billion pounds is expected to change hands the end of the transfer deadline which concludes today with clubs spending more than ever before thanks to a lucrative new television deal which is worth 5.1 billion pounds. Some big clubs including Manchester City may look to trim their clubs but others including West Ham,Crystal Palace,Swansea and West Brom are looking to add players. The deadline comes at 11pm in England tonight and at midnight in Scotland. Formula 1-Kevin Magnussen is set to be passed fit to drive in the Italian Grand Prix this weekend despite his high speed crash at the Belgian Grand Prix last weekend. Magnussen’s Renault piled into the tyre barrier at 180mph at Spa on Sunday and he was taken to hospital with an ankle injury. The damage doesn’t appear to be as bad as first thought and he should be fit to drive at Monza. Golf-Lee Westwood says that the 6 rookies picked for Europe’s Ryder Cup team have the characters to handle the hostile crowd at Hazeltine Minnesota. Westwood is one of three wildcard picks by Europe captain Darren Clarke and it will be his 10th Ryder Cup. The team selection has been heavily criticised but Westwood says that Europe has some world class players and that they can handle the pressure. Weather Sunshine and thundery showers with light to moderate easterly winds. Top temperature 28 degrees Celsius. Overnight lows of 23 degrees on the coast and 19 degrees inland with partially cloudy skies. Thursday and Friday-Fine and sunny with highs of 27-30 degrees.   Advertisement Homepage Features News What's on guide Giveaways Videos Advertisers Contact Us Copyright - RIVIERA RADIO | Design & SEO by I2N
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple Watch Series 2 Review: A smartwatch I have no qualms recommending By Jason Cipriani | September 28, 2016 -- 11:59 GMT (04:59 PDT) | Topic: Apple Editors' rating 8.5 Excellent Average user rating 10.0 Editors' review Specs Pros Finally, fast and reliable performance Screen is easier to view, even in the sun Built-in GPS Water resistance is a nice feature for anyone to have Cons Battery life is still a day, two at most for non GPS users. Using an Apple Watch during the past 16 months was a mixed experience: one that saw Apple's first wearable launch amid high praise, confusion, and skepticism of just how much a tiny wrist-worn computer should be able to do. Would the Apple Watch replace your iPhone? Some thought so, including yours truly -- initially at least. Then after the honeymoon phase ended with my Apple Watch Sport Edition, I found myself reverting back to reaching for my phone to reply to incoming messages instead of handling the task on my watch, as I had for the first few months of wearing it. My Apple Watch became a device I used primarily for quickly checking notifications and occasionally checking current weather conditions. Common tasks often took far too long, with apps frequently failing to load before the display timed out and went black. For over a week now, I've put Apple's latest wearable, the Apple Watch Series 2 through its paces, and I'm skeptically optimistic about Apple's second attempt at a smart watch. SPECIFICATIONS Processor: Apple S2 Display: OLED Retina display. 312 x 390 pixels (42mm) or 272 x 340 pixels (38mm) Operating system: watchOS 3 Sensors: GPS, heart-rate sensor, accelerometer, gyroscope, ambient light sensor Storage: 8GB Water resistance: ISO standard 22810:2010 (50 meters) Connectivity: 802.11a/b/g/n 2.4GHz Wi‑Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 WatchOS 3, the third time's the charm Jason Cipriani/ZDNet I knew Apple was making strides in improving the speed and reliability of using apps on the watch after it announced watchOS 3 -- the operating system for the Apple Watch -- in June. I, naturally, installed early beta builds of the new operating system and found the difference in app load times, without developers doing any sort of optimization, to be much faster. Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 Also in watchOS 3, Apple did away with app glances, replacing them with an app dock capable of holding 10 apps. When you place an app in the dock, the Apple Watch will periodically refresh it in the background, ensuring the next time you open the app it's waiting and ready for your interaction. Scribble, a new text input method, means if you're in a meeting or crowded environment where you would feel like a total dork talking to your wrist, you can quickly write out a reply on the screen of the Apple Watch. A feature I initially pegged as a gimmick quickly turned into one of my favorite Apple Watch features. In fact, I often use it in place of dictating a message. I've found it to be surprisingly accurate, and even when my handwriting isn't readable by the watch, I can tap on the incorrect word and scroll through alternatives. There's something fun about testing just how fast you can write on the watch's display and seeing if it can keep up. With watchOS 3, Apple has now attempted to rethink and implement different ideas of how a user should interact with a wearable three different times. WatchOS 3 has matured, and it finally feels right. App load times, the ability to quickly scribble a reply, and the new Control Center for critical device settings vastly improve the user experience for the better. It's cliche to say this is what the Apple Watch should have had from day one, but it's an apt characterization of watchOS 3. Performance gains all around Alongside the Apple Watch Series 2, Apple announced it had developed its second S2 chip for the wearable line. According to the company, the new chip doubles performance speed. Additionally, the Series 2 boasts a very bright 1000 nit display for easier viewing in direct sunlight, built-in GPS capabilities, and water resistance up to 50 meters for those who like to swim with the watch on. There's even this neat trick to expel water from the speakers after going for a swim using various sounds and vibrations created by the speaker. I'm not a big swimmer nor will you find me often going for a jog or bike ride where GPS tracking is warranted. Nonetheless, I found the brighter display and water resistance appealing enough to sway my purchase decision to the Series 2. In the spirit of fully testing the Series 2, I have used the GPS feature a couple of times. Previously, the Apple Watch would track GPS activities, but only if your iPhone was nearby and connected to the watch. With the Series 2, you can leave your iPhone in your gym locker or at home and let the watch handle the heavy lifting. For the past week, when going for a walk, I would either leave my phone at home or turn Bluetooth off to ensure there was no connection between my watch and phone. A GPS map of a recent walk, as recorded by the Apple Watch Series 2. (Screenshot by Jason Cipriani/ZDNet) In my testing, I found the GPS on the Series 2 to remain connected and accurately report my route every time I used it. GPS and water resistance aside, this speed gains of the S2 chip in the Series 2 are noticeable from the moment you power on the watch. Siri processes and responds to requests quicker; Scribble's transcription of my writing is almost immediate; and on the rare occasion an app has to refresh, the amount of time I spend waiting is no longer an issue. Combine the speed gains of watchOS 3 with a processor that doubles speed at which the watch handles tasks, and there's little room to call the Series 2 slow. Apple also announced a Series 1 version of the updated watch, which features the same processor gains, but it lacks a brighter display, water resistance, and GPS tracking. It starts at $269, instead of the $369 the Series 2 is priced at. Battery life Jason Cipriani/ZDNet On the outside, the Apple Watch Series 2 and the first-generation models are identical, save for a extra microphone hole and slightly increased thickness of the Series 2. The added height is to accommodate a bigger battery for the built-in GPS functionality. As someone who doesn't go on four-hour hikes, and maybe uses GPS for around 30 minutes a day, this added battery life has prolonged the time in between charges for me. I went from having a single day's worth of use on the original Apple Watch to charging my Series 2 every other night. That is, I can get through two days of use with about an hour's worth of GPS-use before having to charge my watch. Granted, at the end of the second day, I'm usually dealing with low-battery prompts, but it gets there. While the extra battery life is a pleasant surprise, I would love to go longer in between charges. Pebble has built a strong following based on battery life that pushes a week, depending on the model of watch. I want to wear my Apple Watch day and night -- tracking steps, activity, and logging sleep -- and not have to worry about a dead battery in the middle of the night. A perfect combination The faster S2 processor and watchOS 3 are a dream to use, which in turn makes the Apple Watch a device I'm more likely to recommend, instead of telling people to wait for the next generation. Those who are in the market for an Apple Watch are tasked with deciding between the Series 1 or the Series 2. For most, I suspect the Series 1 is more than enough watch. It's going to have the same performance gains, save for battery life since it lacks GPS, and it costs you $100 less at the end of the day. The Series 2 is designed for someone who is frequently around water and loves to run, hike, or bike. For avid iPhone users, you can't really go wrong with either model. One month with the Apple Watch: Pain, joy, and daily experiences The Apple Watch Sport edition has been strapped on my wrist for a month and for the most part it has exceeded all of my expectations. It's even better now that I realized I was wearing it wrong. Read More Specifications Miscellaneous Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, heart rate Vibrating Alert Yes Body Material aluminum Preloaded Software Siri Communications Wireless Interface Bluetooth 4.0, IEEE 802.11b/g/n Battery Run Time (Up To) 18 sec Header Brand Apple Product Line Apple Watch General Product Type smart watch Size 1.5 in Wearing Style watch style Clock Display Yes Integrated Components heart rate sensor, navigation Set Goals Yes Tracking Data activity, calories burned, distance, heart rate, steps taken, time Features Email notification, Retina Display technology, SMS notification, calendar notification, call handling, microphone Audio Output Speaker Features Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, heart rate Dimensions & Weight Width 1.3 in Depth 0.4 in Height 1.5 in Weight 0.99 oz CPU Manufacturer Apple Connectivity Wireless Interface IEEE 802.11b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 Topics: Apple, iPhone, Reviews Top ZDNET Reviews Gyration Air Mouse Voice Dell XPS 13 (2016) 8.5 LeEco LePro 3 8.1 Panasonic Toughpad FZ-N1 8 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Related Stories Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects Laptops Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made Mobility LeEco Le Pro3 review: Excellent hardware, affordable price, obtrusive software and services Mobility Panasonic Toughpad FZ-N1 review: A rugged 4.7-inch handset for mobile workers in demanding environments × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Toggle navigation Email Sign-Up Contact Us About Us Republish Our Content Follow Us: @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Toggle navigation Home The Health Law Medicare Medicaid Elections Cost & Quality Health Industry Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured KHN Morning Briefing Summaries of health policy coverage from major news organizations Sep 28 2016 full issue Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish Aetna Bets On Apple Watches Amid Growing Skepticism Of Wearables’ Health Benefits Starting next year, Aetna will give an Apple Watch to its employees for free as part of its wellness program and subsidize a “significant portion” of the Apple Watch cost for some large employers and groups. Modern Healthcare: Aetna Makes Large Bet On Wellness With Apple Watches Apple Watches are becoming near-ubiquitous in healthcare and the corporate world, and health insurer Aetna is now investing heavily in the wellness promises of the device. However, companies that have offered an Apple Watch with the hope of getting people to be more active and healthy have to prove wearable devices and wellness programs meaningfully change consumer behavior, which has often worked better in theory than in practice. “These types of technologies can really help to facilitate behavior change, but the devices themselves are not what drive behavior change,” said Dr. Mitesh Patel, an assistant professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. (Herman, 9/27) Bloomberg: Aetna Will Subsidize Apple Watch In First U.S. Insurer Deal Aetna Inc. will give some customers and employees discounts on Apple Inc.’s smartwatch, offering the potential that incentives from the insurance industry could boost sales of the technology giant’s wearable device. The health insurer, which covers about 23 million people in the U.S., is developing apps for Apple devices that will help consumers remember to take their medicines, get a refill on prescriptions, or contact a doctor. The applications, which will be available next year, will also help members understand their insurance benefits and use Apple’s Wallet feature to pay bills, Aetna said Tuesday in a statement with Apple. (Tracer and Webb, 9/27) This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing, a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations. Sign up for an email subscription. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Email Print Republish We want to hear from you: Contact KHN Previous From Health Industry Breakthrough On Flint Could Pave Way To Spending Deal After Senate Blocks Bill Next From Health Industry First Baby Born Using New Wave Of ‘Three-Parent’ IVF Technique Recent Morning Briefings Today, November 18 Thursday, November 17 Wednesday, November 16 Tuesday, November 15 Monday, November 14 Friday, November 11 More RSS Top Stories Victims Seek Payments As ‘Dr. Death’ Declares Innocence 8:52 AM EST Study Finds Nearby Retail Clinics Don’t Drive Down ER Visits 5:00 AM EST ‘A Huge Improvement’: Study Finds Inmates Benefit From Much Shorter TB Treatment 5:00 AM EST RSS Email Sign-Up Stay informed by signing up for the KHN Morning Briefing and other emails. Sign Up Most Viewed Most Shared Most Popular Millions Could Lose Medicaid Coverage Under Trump Plan Concerned About Losing Your Marketplace Plan? ACA Repeal May Take Awhile Medical Device Employees Are Often In The O.R., Raising Concerns About Influence Obamacare ‘Replacement’ Might Look Familiar Repealing The Affordable Care Act Could Be More Complicated Than It Looks Most Shared Concerned About Losing Your Marketplace Plan? ACA Repeal May Take Awhile Millions Could Lose Medicaid Coverage Under Trump Plan Study: Many Caregivers Spend $7K Annually Out Of Pocket Community Paramedics Work To Link Patients With Mental Health Care Medical Device Employees Are Often In The O.R., Raising Concerns About Influence Home The Health Law Medicare Medicaid Elections Cost & Quality Health Industry Insurance Aging Mental Health Uninsured Republish Our Content Original KHN stories can be republished for free, and XML feeds are available. Learn More Ways to Follow Us @KHNews Facebook LinkedIn RSS Feeds Email Sign-Up The KHN Morning Briefing and other emails. Sign Up © 2016 Kaiser Family Foundation. All rights reserved. About Us Contact Us Editorial Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Jump to main content Jump to navigation Recombu Front Page Mobile Phones Phones Browse All Phones Android Phones iPhone Windows Phone BlackBerry Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Apple iPhone 6s View deals Read review Apple iPhone 6s Plus View deals Read review News All news Features Apps Latest News Snapdragon 835 vs 821 vs 820: What's the difference? OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: Which 5.5-inch phone is best? OnePlus 3 Long Term Re-Review: Still a stunner after six months? Reviews All reviews Latest Reviews Misfit Speedo Shine 2 Review: In Depth Google Daydream View Review: In Depth Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Review: In Depth Videos Compare Pay monthly Pay as you go SIM only SIM free Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Apple iPhone 6s View deals Read review Apple iPhone 6s Plus View deals Read review Broadband & TV Cars Channel: Mobile Phones Front Page Broadband & TV Cars Show/hide navigation Home / Mobile / Features / Article OnePlus 3 Pokémon GO Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones You might also like... × Apple iPhone SE vs 6S vs Galaxy S7 vs Xperia Z5 vs Z5 Compact camera test Apple iPhone SE vs Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Which is best for me? Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Long-term 2016 re-review OR Never miss an article again Enter your email below to keep up to date with the latest news, reviews and exclusive deals on Recombu. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE By Chris Barraclough 28th Sep 2016 Features Sony Xperia X Series Tweet We compare Sony's new Xperia X Compact with the older Xperia Z5 Compact and Apple's mini mobile, the iPhone SE, to see what the difference is and which is best for you. Last year’s excellent Xperia Z5 Compact is one of our favourite mini mobiles of all time. A year after it was launched, we still return to it thanks to the excellent battery life, comfortable one-handed use and dependable performance. Have a gander at our long-term Z5 Compact review to see more. Sony has just launched a fresh new Compact handset, dubbed the Xperia X Compact, which costs roughly the same as the Xperia Z5 Compact. At £350, both of Sony's dinky blowers also rock a similar price tag to another tiny smartphone - Apple's iPhone SE. This 4-inch mobile is a return to iPhones of yesteryear, with a screen that seems positively tiny compared with most modern handsets. And with premium specs and features packed inside that miniature frame, the iPhone SE is a strong rival for Sony's Compact devices. So, how does the new Xperia X Compact compare with the Xperia Z5 Compact and the iPhone SE? Here's our full comparison review. And check out our best mini mobiles round-up for even more excellent one-handed handsets. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Specs Phone Xperia Z5 Compact Xperia X Compact iPhone SE Weight 138g 135g 113g Screen size 4.6-inches 4.6-inches 4-inches Screen resolution 1280x720 HD 1280x720 HD 1136x640 Water resistant? Yes No No Fingerprint sensor? Yes Yes Yes Processor Snapdragon 810 Snapdragon 650 Apple A9 Memory 3GB 3GB N/A Storage 32GB 32GB 16/64GB MicroSD? Yes Yes No Cameras 23MP, 5MP 23MP, 5MP 12MP, 1.2MP 4K video recording? Yes No Yes Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Design Sony's Xperia X Compact and Z5 Compact sport a very similar design, possibly best summed up as 'fun, colourful plastic bricks'. With quite sharp angles and a chunky frame, there's a retro look and feel to the Compact handsets. That's certainly no bad thing though, and both mini mobiles feature a decent heft, so they don't feel toy-like despite the plastic finish. If you like really bright colours, then you can pick up the Xperia Z5 Compact in neon yellow or pink, as well as the standard black and white. Sony was a bit more restrained with the finish of the Xperia X Compact, offering it in a light blue shade instead of radioactive colours. Apple's iPhone SE is another chunky monkey like Sony's phones, but it's also slightly smaller and sports rounded corners. Rather than using plastic, Apple has built the iPhone SE out of metal. It's a great-looking phone, available in a range of colours including 'rose gold' (pink), while that metallic surfacing is pleasingly resistant to scratches. The Xperia Z5 Compact is just as hardy, although the X Compact has picked up a few tiny scratches on the back. They're only visible in certain light, but it's still a worry. That said, all three phones can tolerate a bit of bumping, but only the Xperia Z5 Compact is water resistant. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: OS and features Sony's Xperia phones come packing Android OS, while the iPhone SE uses Apple's own iOS. Which one you prefer will likely depend on what you've used in the past, although iOS is better suited to anyone who's new to smartphones. Android is an open system, which means greater customisation and personalisation - better for anyone used to mobile tech. Security-wise, you get a built-in fingerprint sensor with all three phones. This allows you to quickly and easily unlock each mobile, just with a tap of your digit to the scanner. The iPhone SE's TouchID sensor is just as fast and accurate as Sony's edge-mounted fingerprint scanner, so you'll be into your desktops in under a second, no matter which mini mobile you choose. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Screen and media Sony hasn't updated the 4.6-inch screen for the Xperia X Compact, so you get the same 720p HD display previously found on the Xperia Z5 Compact. This gives you reasonably sharp visuals, with the option of boosting colour vibrancy using Sony's Super Vivid Mode. Apple's iPhone SE offers up a smaller 4-inch screen, which definitely isn't built for watching video over long periods. However, while the iPhone's resolution isn't quite as sharp as its rivals, images are still pleasingly crisp thanks to the reduced size. The iPhone SE produces quite realistic visuals, with no option to boost the colour vibrancy like on the Sony handsets. However, there is a funky night mode which filters out blue light, for a more comfortable, easy-on-the-eye experience at night. Both of the Xperias support Hi-Res audio and can upscale compressed tracks, for a fuller-bodied sound when using headphones. That's something you won't find on Apple's mini mobile. You also won't find support for microSD memory cards on the iPhone SE, so you're stuck with the 16GB or 64GB of built-in storage space. Meanwhile, the Xperia X Compact and Z5 Compact can both be boosted with a memory card, up to 2TB in size. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Performance and battery life All three phones here produce smooth everyday performance, although the iPhone SE is the most powerful of the group. Apple's A9 processor should keep you going for at least the two-year length of a contract, showing very little slowdown in that time. The Xperia X Compact is the next most powerful, with its Snapdragon 650 chipset. However, last year's Xperia Z5 Compact is still a smooth operator, despite using older tech. We've only seen a single crash in those twelve months and the everyday user experience is certainly satisfying. As for battery life, all three of these mini mobiles can keep you going for a day and a half between charges. If you hammer them with non-stop video streaming or gaming then this will dip to hours, but that's to be expected. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Cameras If you're after dependable optics then all three of these phones should satisfy, but they do offer different camera features and user experiences. The most simple-to-use snapper here is the iPhone SE's 12-megapixel camera. On auto mode it's a very fast and effective mobile shooter, capturing quite sharp, good-looking photos across a range of conditions. You get limited control over brightness and focus, but that's about it. You can also shoot Full HD or 4K video footage, including Slo-mo and Timelapse video. Sony's Xperia Z5 Compact sports a 23-megapixel camera which can shoot more detailed photos than the iPhone SE. They're pretty much evenly matched when it comes to overall photo quality however, functioning well in everything but proper low light. But the Sony offers more control, with full manual settings to fiddle with. Once again, you can shoot Full HD or 4K resolution video. This year's Xperia X Compact updates the camera tech with new low-light functionality, including a laser-guided autofocus and improved image stabilisation. That makes for sharper shots in darker environments, an improvement over the Z5 Compact and iPhone SE. However, Sony has ditched the 4K resolution recording, so you can only shoot up to Full HD video. Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact vs iPhone SE: Videos For a side-by-side comparison with these mini mobiles, check out our hands-on videos below.       Do you like this article? Tweet You should also read Apple iPhone SE vs 6S vs Galaxy S7 vs Xperia Z5 vs Z5 Compact camera test Apple iPhone SE vs Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Which is best for me? Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Long-term 2016 re-review Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact: What’s the difference? Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming soon Sony Xperia X Compact Review: In Depth Sony Xperia XZ and X Compact UK price and release date The Sony Xperia XZ Compact will probably never happen Which iPhone is best for me? iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus vs 6s vs 6s Plus vs 6 vs 6 Plus vs 5s vs SE Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: What's the difference? Promoted stories Join the conversation View the discussion thread. You should also read 1 Apple iPhone SE vs 6S vs Galaxy S7 vs Xperia Z5 vs Z5 Compact camera test 2 Apple iPhone SE vs Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Which is best for me? 3 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact: Long-term 2016 re-review 4 Xperia X Compact vs Xperia Z5 Compact: What’s the difference? 5 Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming soon Our partners Most read 1 Best mini mobile phones reviewed 2 How to add extra storage to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones 3 Best S7 Hidden Features: Get the most out of your Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge 4 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone 5 Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming soon Be the first to know Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions, the best deals and the latest news Latest Reviews 1 Misfit Speedo Shine 2 Review: In Depth 2 Google Daydream View Review: In Depth 3 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Review: In Depth 4 Huawei Mate 9 Review: In Depth 5 Fitbit Charge 2 Review: In Depth Suggested Reading iOS 10 issues solved - How to fix most problems with iOS 10 When is the next Apple launch event and what will be launched? iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Should I upgrade my iPhone 5s or iPhone 6 to iOS 10? Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming soon What are the best Android mobile phones right now? Mobile Phones Coming Soon: The Best Phones of 2016 Pokédex For Pokémon GO – All The Pokémon You Can Catch Or Evolve Disney Emoji Blitz: Tips and tricks guide to unlock all of the Disney emoji Neko Atsume tips & tricks: How to get free gold and silver fish, cheats, hacks and more Read next × Apple iPhone SE vs 6S vs Galaxy S7 vs Xperia Z5 vs Z5 Compact camera test Back to top ↑ Mobile Phones News Reviews Videos Deals Broadband & TV Providers News Speed Test Compare Deals Cars News Reviews Videos Follow Recombu Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube About us Work with us Contact us Meet the team Awards Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright © Recombu 2016. All rights reserved.
Search for: Southington Observer Search for: Main menu Skip to content Features Good Times Local News Schools Bus Routes Neighbors Obituaries Police Sports Sports Hall of Fame Sub menu E-Edition Contact Us Forms Privacy Policy Town Pages RSS Place an Ad Subscription Listings Southington arts and crafts listings for the Sept. 30 edition by jgoralski • September 28, 2016 • 0 Comments OCT. 1 thru OCT. 9 SOUTHINGTON AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY CRAFT FAIR. During both weekends of the Apple Harvest Festival at the American Legion hall, 66 Main St. Crafters will be located in the upstairs hall of the American Legion. Tables still available. Call Rachel at (860) 621-0890. OCT. 8 thru OCT. 9 SOUTHINGTON CRAFTERS WANTED. The Masonic Lodge of Southington is looking for crafters for the second weekend of the Apple Harvest Festival, Saturday, Oct. 8 and Sunday, Oct. 9. More info, call Rudolph Cabata, (860) 621-6439 or rcabata@cox.net. NOW thru OCT. 14 SOUTHINGTON “LIVE” CONCERT PHOTO DISPLAY. Southington photographer John Atashian will display a selection of his concert photographs at the Southington Community Cultural Arts Center, 93 Main St. The photo display will include nearly 70 large photographic canvas wrap prints of the world’s most famous entertainers. More info at www.southingtonarts.org. WEDNESDAY, OCT. 26 SOUTHINGTON JAY BABINA DEMONSTRATION. 7 p.m. at the Orchards community room, 34 Hobart St. Works in watercolor, acrylic and oil as well as various drawing mediums. OCT. 1-OCT. 31 SOUTHINGTON LINDA DELUCA. At The Gallery at The Orchards, 34 Hobart St. October artist of the month. SATURDAY, NOV. 5 SOUTHINGTON CRAFT SHOW. 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Mulberry Gardens, 58 Mulberry St. For more info or to reserve a vendor table, contact Donna Johnson, (860) 276-1020. SATURDAY, NOV. 12 SOUTHINGTON 6TH ANNUAL KENNEDY MIDDLE SCHOOL HOLIDAY CRAFT FAIR. 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Kennedy Middle School, 1071 South Main St. Over 50 vendors will be showcasing their crafts. Items include purses, jewelry, clothing, chocolates, sports items, kids items, florals, healthy living items, holiday items, pampering products, personalized items, and more. Admission is $1. Questions or sponsorships, contact lynn.damboise@snet.net. WEDNESDAY, NOV. 16 SOUTHINGTON MICHAEL MCLAUGHLIN DEMONSTRATION. 7 p.m. at the Orchards community room, 34 Hobart St. Sculptor. NOV. 1-NOV. 30 SOUTHINGTON NECLA BLASAYGUN. At The Gallery at The Orchards, 34 Hobart St. November artist of the month. SATURDAY, DEC. 3 SOUTHINGTON ST.PAUL’S HOLIDAY BOUTIQUE. 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., at St. Paul Church, 145 Main St. For an application, email charlhinckley@sbcglobal.net or call (860) 628-8486. Tags: Arts & Crafts listings Post navigation ← Southington health listings for the Sept. 30 edition Southington kids’ listings for the Sept. 30 edition → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Recent Posts DePaolo announced October students of the month Kennedy announced October students of the month Scoreboard: Sports Results on Wednesday, Nov. 16 Obit – Dr. Robert S. Thorsen, 60 Retirement party for Eldon Hafford on Nov. 30 Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (12)SERVICE DIRECTORY (7)REAL ESTATE - SALES (3)REAL ESTATE - RENT (33)NOTICES (3)MERCHANDISE (30)EMPLOYMENT (36)ANNOUNCEMENTS (2) Special Sections See All Ads See All Ads Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Southington Observer Plainville Observer Bristol Observer Other Observer News Petit deposes Boukus in 22nd Petit deposes Boukus in 22nd DePaolo announced October students of the month DePaolo announced October students of the month Kennedy announced October students of the month Obituaries: Claire Madore GOP retains senate seat for Plainville Petit deposes Boukus in 22nd Police blotter for Nov. 18 Win may be in cards on Thanksgiving Boys soccer team ends its season Bristol GOP holds seats in legislature, senate Police blotter for Nov. 18 If BC wants to win the ‘Bell’ If Eastern wants to win the ‘Bell’ Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2016 Southington Observer. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Mutual Fund Snapshot Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Pfizer, Apple, GE, More Dreyfus Equity Income beats 95% of its peers with stocks that offer yield and earnings stability. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Crystal Kim Biography Sept. 28, 2016 7:51 a.m. ET Working on a gas turbine at a GE plant in France Photo: SEBASTIEN BOZON/AFP/Getty Images Equity-income strategies sound good on paper: Own companies with promising long-term growth prospects while getting paid in dividends to wait. But there’s a pitfall: greed. Will Cazalet, lead manager of the $273 million Dreyfus Equity Income fund (ticker: DQIRX), warns investors against simply going for the stocks with the highest dividend yields. “Companies that forecast the highest average dividend yields often have among the lowest realized yields 12 months later,” he says. As Cazalet, 48, points out, master limited partnerships with double-digit yields seemed fantastic income-generating machines a few years back—that is, until the price of crude oil fell off a cliff. The fund manager hunts for stocks with a 4% to 5% dividend yield to fill his 100-stock portfolio. His top stock holdings, which sport slightly lower yields between 2% and 4%, include juggernauts Pfizer PFE -0.7196495619524406% Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD31.73 -0.23 -0.7196495619524406% /Date(1479420012080-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 25652299 AFTER HOURS USD31.8 0.0700000000000003 0.22061140876142452% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 441195 P/E Ratio 31.572139303482587 Market Cap 193944619620.036 Dividend Yield 3.7819098644815634% Rev. per Employee 543861 More quote details and news » PFE in Your Value Your Change Short position (PFE), General Electric GE 0.16265452179570591% General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE USD30.79 0.05 0.16265452179570591% /Date(1479420011615-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16984826 AFTER HOURS USD30.79 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 849244 P/E Ratio 23.953633110315856 Market Cap 272380345374.502 Dividend Yield 2.987983111399805% Rev. per Employee 360294 More quote details and news » GE in Your Value Your Change Short position (GE), Apple AAPL -0.03636694244931357% Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD109.95 -0.04 -0.03636694244931357% /Date(1479420000153-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 26511721 AFTER HOURS USD109.85 -0.100000000000009 -0.09095043201455207% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1120282 P/E Ratio 13.295042321644498 Market Cap 586287796788.596 Dividend Yield 2.0736698499317874% Rev. per Employee 1846780 More quote details and news » AAPL in Your Value Your Change Short position (AAPL), Philip Morris International PM 1.5354868061874432% Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD89.27 1.35 1.5354868061874432% /Date(1479420047428-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 8574456 AFTER HOURS USD89.27 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 176611 P/E Ratio 21.35645933014354 Market Cap 136394687012.909 Dividend Yield 4.660020163548785% Rev. per Employee 325873 More quote details and news » PM in Your Value Your Change Short position (PM), and Darden Restaurants DRI 1.2150837988826815% Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD72.47 0.87 1.2150837988826815% /Date(1479420123247-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2028447 AFTER HOURS USD72.47 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 13411 P/E Ratio 23.30225080385852 Market Cap 8919680313.13294 Dividend Yield 3.0909341796605494% Rev. per Employee 46406 More quote details and news » DRI in Your Value Your Change Short position (DRI). Besides yield, Cazalet and his team use quantitative screens keyed into metrics such as return on equity and return on assets to determine a company’s earnings stability. They scrutinize debt levels as well as stock and debt issuance to make sure those companies can continue to pay out their dividends. “Companies are no good to us if they pay an attractive dividend one year and they have to cut their dividend the next,” he says. More From Barron’s Will CBS Buy Viacom? Global Markets Cast Ballots For Clinton After Debate Pfizer Won’t Split and Neither Should Investors Morningstar categorizes the fund as “large value,” but Cazalet says he and his team don’t make style bets. Though the fund’s forward price/earnings ratio is lower than the Standard & Poor’s 500 index—14 versus 18—the fund also has a higher average ROE, meaning higher earnings quality. Its dividend yield is roughly double the broad market index’s 2%. Over the past three years, the fund lagged the S&P 500 by less than a quarter of a percentage point on an annualized basis. Still, its 10%-plus annualized return in that time beat 95% of its large-value peer funds. Year-to-date, the fund’s 13% return surpasses the S&P 500’s 8%. Barrons.com spoke with Cazalet about his top five stock picks. Pfizer: Hillary Clinton’s plan targeting unjustified price hikes on older drugs shouldn’t affect the biopharmaceutical giant, given its diverse basket of drugs. After years of struggling to keep up with its peers, Pfizer—which this week announced it was shelving plans to split into two companies—appears to be getting its groove back and launching potential blockbusters aimed at cancer and heart disease. Cazalet likes the company’s 3.5% yield, its valuation relative to peers and the S&P 500, and its earnings-growth potential. “They’ve done a good job in terms of controlling debt and repurchasing shares,” he says. Analysts expect earnings per share of $2.65 next year, 8% higher than 2016 estimates. At a recent $33, shares trade at just under 13 times that 2017 estimated EPS. General Electric: The industrial giant has transformed its portfolio, most recently purchasing two European 3-D printing companies as a part of their “Brilliant Factory” initiative. Based on Mellon Capital’s model, GE receives a high score on earnings stability, which is based on measures of return on equity and return on assets, says Cazalet. Analysts expect earnings per share to jump 15% year over year to $1.73 in 2017. GE also receives high marks from a financial management standpoint, and its price momentum—relative to its immediate peers and the broad market over the past 12 months—is also positive. Shares, at $30, trade for 17 times fiscal 2017 EPS estimates. Apple: Its new iPhone grabbed headlines, but the company’s modest dividend makes its stock worthwhile for the long haul. In 2012 the company started paying dividends again for the first time since 1995. Among the fund’s top five holdings, Apple’s 2% yield is among the lowest, but the company has the ability to grow earnings and raise the dividend over time, says Cazalet. Again, earnings sustainability is the driving thesis behind the pick. The company’s average normalized return on equity for the past five years is 39%. At a recent $112, shares, which are trading at under 13 times estimated 2017 EPS, are attractively priced relative to peers, the manager says. Philip Morris International: There are more reasons to buy the tobacco giant’s stock than its hefty 4.2% yield. Shares have had good price momentum recently, the best of signals Cazalet has seen for the company. At a recent $99, its stock is up 26% year over year. Philip Morris has demonstrated that it has the ability to pay and continue to pay dividends. It recently boosted its dividend to $4.16 annually, racking up its ninth year of hikes. Analysts expect EPS to rise nearly 10% year over year to $4.92 in 2017. “We see stability in Philip Morris’ earnings momentum,” says Cazalet. Darden Restaurants: The owner and operator of Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, Capital Grille, and other restaurant chains has good growth prospects and its stock is attractively valued. Analysts project earnings to rise 9% year over year to $3.86 this fiscal year, which ends May 2017, and 10% in fiscal 2018. Cazalet says the company is benefitting from people seeking more experiences such as eating out rather than spending on material goods. Shares at a recent $62 yield 3.6% and trade at 16 times 2017 estimated EPS. Darden’s financial stewardship gets the highest marks among the fund’s top five holdings, says Cazalet. Earnings quality is also high. Normalized return on equity last year was 21% and normalized return on assets 9%, compared with rival BJ’s Restaurants BJRI -0.1303780964797914% BJ's Restaurants Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD38.3 -0.05 -0.1303780964797914% /Date(1479420000194-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 348520 AFTER HOURS USD38.3643 0.0643000000000029 0.1678851174934726% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 23270 P/E Ratio 21.761363636363637 Market Cap 890781360.047913 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 46402.6 More quote details and news » BJRI in Your Value Your Change Short position (BJRI) 14% and 7%, respectively. Comments? E-mail us at editors@barrons.com Follow @crystalkimmm Like Barron’s on Facebook Follow Barron’s on Twitter Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Mutual Fund Snapshot 1. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Blue-Chip Behemoths 2. Beaten-Up Stocks That Can Beat the Market 3. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Cash Gushers 4. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Diamonds in the Rough 5. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Dividends on the Cheap Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Teva Takes a Tumble Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Puts America First; Small Stocks Can Win Big Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More 3 Amazon Gains Ground on Flipkart in India Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 28 AAPL: 113.95 0.86 Apple opening major new UK campus in iconic Battersea Power Station building Ben Lovejoy - 2 months ago @benlovejoy AAPL UK The four chimneys make Battersea Power Station one of the most recognizable buildings in London View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit London’s Evening Standard reports that Apple is to create a spectacular new UK campus in the iconic Battersea Power Station building alongside the Thames. The iPhone and iPad maker will move 1,400 staff from eight sites around the capital into what it calls “a new Apple campus” at the Grade II listed former electricity generator. Its employees will occupy all six floors of office space in the brick “cathedral of power”, which is being painstakingly restored after 33 years standing derelict on the banks of the Thames …  The former coal-fired power station is one of the most recognizable buildings on the London skyline. Built in two stages in the 1930s and 1950s, it ceased operation in 1983 and has since been the subject of many different plans, proposals and rumors. Although the power-generating equipment was removed many years ago, the famous facade is a protected building and must be left intact, with any new building work taking place inside the brick walls, with lower buildings permitted externally so as not to spoil the view. Concern has been expressed that the building was being left to rot as successive development plans came to nothing. The fact that the richest company in the world has confirmed that it will be taking ownership should provide reassurance that the building will now remain safe. Apple told the Standard that construction work is expected to take five years. Apple said it was looking forward to the 2021 opening of “our new London campus” as staff relocate to “this magnificent new development at one of the city’s best-known landmarks”. It added: “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history.” Apple’s main European headquarters – the subject of a huge tax-avoidance controversy – will remain in Ireland. Apple won’t have exclusive use of the building, with homes, offices, shops and leisure facilities sharing the space – but the company will be the largest tenant, leasing half a million square feet. This makes it one of the largest single office deals signed in central London in the past 20 years. The total floor space will provide Apple with breathing space, with room to expand to a total of 3,000 staff if required. A new Northern Line tube station is under construction, expected to be completed a year before Apple moves in, providing easy access to the campus. The new station was a planning requirement, with the developers shouldering much of the cost. The British government’s chancellor, Philip Hammond, described the deal as a vote of confidence for the UK at a time when Brexit is creating a great deal of uncertainty. Apple’s decision further strengthens London’s position as a global technology hub and demonstrates how the UK is at the forefront of the next steps in the tech revolution. It’s another vote of confidence in the UK economy. We’ll be following construction progress with interest. Guides AAPL Get the latest AAPL stock and company news View THe Guide UK View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Earnings: Why Guidance Is Key Here's why Apple's reported guidance may be more important than its quarterly results. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Sep 28, 2016 at 10:03AM Apple store. Image source: Apple. Scheduled for October 27, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fourth-quarter earnings report is still a ways out. But as the date draws closer, investors might want to begin contemplating the implications of a metric likely to get tons of attention: guidance. Why guidance for Q1 is important Apple's reported guidance for its fiscal first quarter will arguably be the most interesting metric the company shares in its fourth-quarter report. Not only is Q1 seasonally Apple's biggest, thanks to the holidays and the fact that it marks the first full quarter of deliveries of its latest iPhones, but it typically previews management's general expectations for its latest iPhone. This year's first quarter, in particular, is notable because the iPhone 7 cycle follows Apple's first fiscal year of year-over-year declines in iPhone unit sales, iPhone revenue, and total revenue. Some investors, therefore, will likely look to Q1 to preview whether or not the iPhone 7, which was launched with just two weeks left in Q4, could be enough to help Apple return to growth in Q1. iPhone 7. Image source: Apple. In other words, Apple's guidance has the potential to show investors a light amid recent headwinds. In Apple's second and third fiscal quarters of 2016, iPhone revenue fell 18% and 23%, respectively. With iPhone accounting for about 60% of Apple's total revenue, this weighed on total revenue growth; Apple's Q2 and Q3 total revenue fell by 13% and 15%, respectively. Even more, Apple guided for a year-over-year decline in revenue of about 9.7% in Q4. So, can Apple's guidance for Q1 highlight reinvigorated growth? What to look for Investors are likely hoping Apple will guide for a record first quarter, but expectations for any meaningful growth are likely slim. While Apple has set a new quarterly record for revenue during Q1 every year since the first iPhone was launched, revenue only increased 2% in the first fiscal quarter of 2015. In addition, Apple's price-to-earnings ratio of just 13 suggests investors don't expect much growth -- if any -- from Apple. With these factors in mind, guidance for low single-digit year-over-year growth this year could be all it takes to satisfy investors. For reference, Apple's first fiscal quarter revenue in 2016 was a record $75.9 billion. So, investors will likely be looking for guidance to slightly exceed this number in order for Apple to return to year-over-year growth during the important iPhone 7 cycle. iPhone 7. Image source: Apple. Interpreting Apple's guidance Investors should keep in mind that Apple's guidance for Q1 could be more closely tied to the company's expected production ramp for the new iPhone than it is a forecast for demand. Typically, Apple's newest iPhone devices are severely supply constrained for several months after launch, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus don't look like they'll be an exception. Some of the iPhone Plus models, for instance, are currently showing estimated ship time frames of three to four weeks for customers who place an order today. And some of Apple's new jet black colored iPhones are showing shipping estimates in November. But even though Apple's ability to ramp up production will likely be a key determining factor in the guidance management provides, it still can be useful to investors by at least providing some insight into the latest iPhone lineup's potential. Guidance for higher revenue, for example, would at least imply that demand for even a supply constrained iPhone 7 and 7 Plus can drive quarterly revenue to new highs. Of course, investors should keep in mind that management's guidance for total revenue takes into account other products besides iPhone. So total revenue guidance isn't necessarily directly correlated with management's expectations for iPhone revenue. But since iPhone represents well over half of Apple's total revenue, it's usually a lead indicator. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Sep 28, 2016 at 10:03AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Reliable Analyst Leaks Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Details Best Low-P/E Tech Stocks to Buy in November Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple employees in Israel seemingly confirm 2017 iPhone will be called iPhone 8 By Christian Zibreg, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 31 Comments Apple is quietly developing the next iPhone hardware in Herzliya, Israel, and a local employee who solders components for Apple has allegedly confirmed to Business Insider that the tenth anniversary Apple handset will be marketed as ‘iPhone 8’, not ‘iPhone 7s’. The source added that the forthcoming phone will be “different” to the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 7, have a better camera and sport a radical redesign. “The worker used the term ‘iPhone 8’ unprompted in our conversation,” reads the article. The source added that employees in Israel work on all of Apple’s new products. Here’s an interesting excerpt from the report: The employee was informed at the start of the conversation that they were talking to a journalist. When asked what Apple uses the Herzliya facility for, the source (who only spoke in broken English), said: “New products.” They added that Apple doesn’t actually assemble products in Israel. A second Apple employee that Business Insider spoke to in Herzliya said they “couldn’t talk” about what Apple does in Herzliya, while an employee from networking giant Cisco, which also has an office in the area, said: “I have three friends that work there. They work on the hardware side. Verifications. Something like that.” Apple employs about 800 people at the Herzliya office, which is situated approximately 15 kilometers north of Tel Aviv city centre. Another Apple office in Haifa is home to approximately 200 employees. The Herzliya facility was set up nearly five years ago after Apple acquired Israeli flash memory designer Anobit and 3D sensor developer PrimeSense. Apple also bought Israeli imaging firm LinX whose technology is suspected to power the iSight Duo camera on the iPhone 7 Plus. Prior rumors have hinted at the iPhone 8 having an edge-to-edge display based on power-sipping OLED display technology that would remove the top and bottom bezels, letting Apple engineers create a 5.5-inch handset that’s smaller in your hand than the current Plus models. The Home button along with the Touch ID sensor and the front-facing camera are said to be put behind the screen. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said the device will drop the aluminum casing in favor of an all-glass enclosure similar to that used in the iPhone 4/4s series. Source: Business Insider Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Panel suppliers struggling to meet Apple’s large order volume for OLED iPhones Dual-lens 2017 iPhone models to feature dual optical image stabilization KGI: OLED iPhone to boast 5.1″ or 5.2″ active display area KGI details three new iPhones coming in 2017, including 5.5″ OLED model with dual cameras Related Topics Apple, iPhone, iPhone 8, Israel, News, Rumors Virus Nice would love a redesign with the 8, the iPhone 7 was a lazy port :|Alain|: A redesign is definitely welcome, if it is beautiful and not like that picture above PhoneTechJay Lazy even though it was entirely reworked from the inside out.. even if they had squared the side or gave us more chamfered edges it would have a redesign but still be the same experience.. people need to stop complaining about how things look on the outside lol.. igorsky So true. People are so stupid that if Apple completely redesigned the outside and left the innards the same, they’d be happy. Jon20 I do feel that their innovation for the exterior look of the iPhone is slowing down. But I guess there is so much you can do with a rectangular object. The only way they can make it extremely different is if they made it look like Tony Starks phone in Iron Man, but I don’t see that coming for years. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2984cd33292d376f9900142485fccd318abbccc4224c975e05f892d35285917d.jpg PhoneTechJay Is it slowing down or not needed yet. You don’t work years to get a design right just replace it every year. Look how long we had the wheel and how long it stayed the same.. the compounds and treads change and thats whats really important, like the inards of the devices. A three year cycle is fine.. Pi Xo Mmm Pi Xo Yep Rodney Coleman It’ll be the 7s I’m sure Pi Xo Well duh Martynet I can’t wait. I think we all knew that iPhone 7 is basically an iPhone 6ss 🙂 10 year anniversary iPhone will be a game changer… fingerprint sensor in display, no buttons or connectors at all. Maybe one, smart connector like iPad PRO has and that’s it. No volume or silent buttons and no lightning port 🙂 You’ll get a FREE bluetooth dongle for you wired headphones 🙂 jOn Garrett Fingerprint scanner in the display is already available and no button controls sounds like HTC Ocean. burge Only a select few might know the name of the next device and they will be in Cupertino not Israel. And I’m sorry but Apple at preset call the next device by a code name so anyone not on the list privy to this information will not know the name the next device. Christopher P. Todd This is correct! Only a select few in Cupertino actually know for sure. The rest of us can speculate and this includes Israeli employees. In addition, it would be lovely to see a redesign but I have to say that I am a big fan of the current look. I know I will get more than a few “You have no taste!” replies but I find the current design elegant. PhoneTechJay The current design is fine i just want the camera bump to go away lol jOn Garrett Why? How much time do you spend looking at the back of your phone? PhoneTechJay The same amount if time people look at the outside of there device instead of using it… I only want it so it can sit flat on a flat surface. Fanboy  Camera bump is ugly except for on the iPhone 7 Plus. I think the dual camera looks amazing with it. I love it. Especially in Jet Black. PhoneTechJay It was one solid piece any imagine how much more power we couldve gotting with the thicker battery. Or maybe some even louder speakers.. it would’ve been heavier unfortunately. Bugs Bunnay Dat picture looks sick! Mike M. Powell It’s gonna b called iPhone SJ (Steve jobs) calling it now I’m a fortune teller zebonaut Skipped the 7 this year; holding off for the 8. Keep wondering what the iPhone 27 will be like… What They always say this but its never true. AMB_07 Yeah sure i’ll believe some random israeli employee had this kind of sensitive info shared by Cupertino. He most likely has some low level hardware development job how in the world would he be in the loop about marketing? Bill Great. The Israelis will put a backdoor in the hardware just like what happened with the PLCs used in the Stuxnet operation. Wherever Israelis are involved, there be shady stuff going on. THAT’S A FACT, JACK. Stephen Hedger I got a refund for my i7 jet black 256gb and went back to my i6. Totally disappointed but I guess it was to be expected as Apple is saving everything for the anniversary iPhone and felt happy to charge me £800 for an iPhone 6SS Pi Xo Mmm Stephen Hedger Lol Pi Xo Mmmm DBad I think we should see the quad cam on the plus and the dual on the regular. Oled display. Smaller overall size. Better resolution, but not by far. The newer button. Dual iSight on the front. It is not that hard Apple, stop playing games. Pi Xo Mmm   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 12 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Personal Tech / Aetna Will Subsidize the Apple Watch Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Aetna Insurance Will Subsidize the Apple Watch By Mara Lee PUBLISHED: SEPTEMBER 28 2016 Aetna is working on writing apps that can be used on iPhones, iPads and Apple Watches to encourage customers to take their medications, seek support groups for their diagnoses, or pay their premiums with Apple Wallet. The apps will be available in early 2017. In preparation, Aetna announced Tuesday that it will offer subsidized Apple Watches to employees and large-employer clients that want to integrate them into wellness programs. Those companies may also subsidize "a significant portion" of the Apple Watch Series 1's $269 cost, Aetna said. Individual customers will also be offered the chance to buy the watch at a discount, the company said, if they choose Aetna in the upcoming open enrollment season. Aetna is the first U.S. insurer to subsidize Apple Watches, but other major insurers incorporate less expensive wearables, such as Fitbit or Misfit, into their wellness programs. Those can cost $100 to $150. Cigna offers Fitbit and Misfit wearables to customers at 25 to 50 percent off retail, as well as discounts for wireless scales and blood pressure and glucose monitors. The company studied 600 prediabetic, morbidly obese participants, offering health coaching by phone to all participants and fitness trackers to a smaller group. About 60 percent of those with devices continued past two calls, while only 20 percent of those without it continued. On average, the group wearing fitness trackers walked 3 miles and performed moderate activity for 49 minutes a day. The study did not ask the other group how much they exercised. Cigna spokesman Joe Mondy said that incentives for using wellness coaching and/or wearables include about $750 in premium discounts, and cash or health savings account funds. UnitedHealthcare offers wellness programs including wearables to more than 100,000 people in more than 40 states, including Connecticut. Employers give the devices for free to workers and spouses on the insurance plan and if they meet certain goals they can receive up to $1,500 a year for their health savings accounts. UnitedHealthcare Spokesman Will Shanley said some employers are reporting more than 90 percent participation. If at least 60 percent of the employees meet walking targets -- employers only see aggregate data -- the amount the employers' health insurance premiums may rise in a single year is capped at 6 percent. A clinical trial published in the Journal of American Medicine found that adding a wearable device doesn't necessarily provide a weight-loss advantage, however. The results of the study of 471 young adults over two years found that participants who had a wearable device lost less weight (7.7 pounds) than those who used used conventional counseling (13 pounds), although both groups successfully lost some weight. Both groups had six months of group counseling and diet advice, and both groups had improvements in body fat, fitness, amount of exercise and eating patterns. Aetna plans to provide the Apple Watch at no cost to its own nearly 50,000 employees. The company, which offers bonuses for meeting certain health targets, such as sleeping at least seven hours a night, will not require that the data be shared to prove the goals are being met. "We are incredibly excited to use iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch to create simple, intuitive and personalized technology solutions that will transform the health and wellness experience for our members," said Mark Bertolini, Aetna chairman and CEO. "This is only the beginning -- we look forward to using these tools to improve health outcomes and help more people achieve more healthy days." © 2016 Hartford Courant under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Health Insurance, Wearable Computing, Apple Watch, Fitness Tracker, FitBit Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Govind: Posted: 2016-09-29 @ 1:38am PT Apple’s New Partners Deloitte and Aetna: Deloitte provides ‘Enterprise Next’ and Aetna Offers Free Apple Watch TOP STORIES NOW 1. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 2. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 3. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 4. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons 5. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN PERSONAL TECH 1. Tinder Adds Gender Identity Options 2. Google Helps You Scan Old Photos 3. Twitter Ups Defenses Against Trolls 4. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons 5. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple said to be meeting up with high profile hackers as part of its new bug bounty program By Anthony Bouchard, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 23 Comments Apple has reportedly reached out to a handful of high profile iPhone and Mac hackers to try and secure their operating systems from exploits that could be used maliciously or for jailbreaking. The hackers are expected to meet at the Cupertino campus some time this month, where they can earn up to $200,000 for finding major exploits as part of Apple’s bug bounty program. Not a lot is known about the event, as Apple requested the participants keep details about it under wraps. According to a report by Forbes Wednesday morning, one anonymous source has stepped up with some details. Some of the high profile hackers who’ve been invited may include Luca Todesco, who recently demonstrated an iPhone 7 jailbreak, Stefan Esser, a well-known security researcher, and Nicholas Allegra aka comex, the creator of the popular JailbreakMe Safari-based jailbreak tool. The list goes on, naming many others who are prominent in the jailbreak community that have supposedly been invited to participate in the event, such as ih8sn0w and even members from the Pangu jailbreak team, however a full participant list is not known at this point in time. Apple’s ruse to invite these hackers is believed to have been a very selective process. Not just any hackers were invited by Apple to hack into these devices; only the best of the best have been hand-picked, likely to save on costs and to get the highest-quality exploits possible. Should the hackers be successful in finding a bevy of powerful exploits as a part of this event, it may make devices like the iPhone significantly harder to jailbreak in the future, a problem the jailbreak community is already battling, as there have been an infrequent succession of jailbreak releases each year. Of course, it’s ultimately going to be up to the hackers to participate or not, as various third party sources often pay several times more than what Apple’s offering for security holes in Apple’s devices. Source: Forbes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend It’s official: I’m a 1Password user Zerodium posts a $1.5M bounty on an iOS 10 jailbreak Login is a beautiful OS X-inspired login screen for your jailbroken iPhone or iPad A closer look at Differential Privacy in iOS 10 and macOS Sierra Related Topics Apple, Hack, Hacking, iOS, iPad, iPhone, Jailbreak, Mac, macOS, Security, Software ready1take1 doesn’t apple realize this is just going to hurt innovation? Anthony Bouchard There are two sides to this argument and it’s clear why Apple needs to do what they do. The first side is that it keeps great minds from tinkering with the iOS platform, the second is that not providing security will let third parties access your data and compromise your information. The latter leads to lawsuits, so it’s Apple’s priority to seal bugs. Oscar Sellouts!….but then again…I would too. lemonhead define sellout, because technically they are ‘Information Security Research Consultants’… that is a profession if you didn’t know. Oscar First of all, relax. Thank you very much. And sellout as in making it tougher for the JB community by going for the bucks. And in my small, yet understanding, comment I totally aligned with their decision. lemonhead perfectly relaxed sitting on the couch and browsing around, but thanks for checkin in 😉 but your assumption just isn’t correct mate, because it’s their job. There is nothing to sellout on. But if you consider not working for free, to be selling out, then yeah you’re right i guess… Oscar I’m glad to hear you are relaxed lol :-p but if I’m correct, developers do get paid through donations and what not. I donated for iOS 7 and 8 lemonhead But they’re not developers, that’s what I’m trying to explain to you. They’re Security Researchers and they can either sell their “research/exploits” to the black market (25pp) or to a genuine company (Apple). And then there is non profit aka donations, but that won’t cover their expenses, work they put in, by far. So yeah, again there is pretty much no other option as far as I can see it. :D Bet you’re one of those sellouts you freaking lemonhead tariq This is bad for the future burge So Luca Todesco is going to make a nice wedge from this. Rondog Well we’ll just have to move over to Samsung that lets us use all kinds of widgets, and at least we can have our phones the way we like and not how apple is trying to FORCE US to. The STOCK Iphone and ipads are crappy looking to say the least. Speaking for MYSELF, the only reason I have apple products is because I have always been able to jailbreak, without a jailbreak possible, so long apple. Besides all the crap that’s on ios 10 is NO GOOD to me. And to BAD but yes there will be a lot of sell-outs, and as far as security BULLSHIT, i’ve NEVER had any security problems and have been jailbroken since ios 6. Mecatrônicos Salê I think so too! Rondog Last time I wrote about apple going after jailbreaking one guy said that it wasn’t true, HEY where are you NOW. Sebastien I’m here. I think you still don’t understand Apple doesn’t care about jailbreakers. Apple cares about making its platforms secure. If that means working with hackers known in the jailbreak community to reach that goal, then it is what it is. Apple doesn’t want to kill jailbreaking. Apple wants to kill anything that could potentially be a threat to the security of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. That’s it. Jayy Exactly! K3NSH1R0 Brilliant response Sebastian. At the end of the day a jailbreak is exploiting a security flaw which Apple don’t want in their OS, unfortunately for people that jailbreak it makes it harder for them. If Apple allowed jailbreaking and folks got hacked or bricked their device you know for a fact that they would blame Apple and that’s something they aren’t going to risk. Rondog Then READ the first paragraph and it mentions jailbreaks or have you already forgotten what you read? Diego Milano Well yeah, operating system exploits can be used for whatever purpose you can think of, so patching those would eventually compromise the jailbreak community. At the end of the day it’s the hackers’ choice whether to lean towards the money and reputation they would get by having cooperated with Apple or staying “in the shadows” and keep trying to do it. It doesn’t necessarily mean Apple will hire Pangu’s hackers, but pretty much any high-profile hacker out there would be a good candidate. 🙂 Mecatrônicos Salê The end of Jailbreak…. Spencer There is a solution (probably not realistic) Apple can make certain “holes” that only the jailbreak can fit into, while others cannot… Am I unrealistic when saying this? Diego Milano Yes, because you cannot control who access or exploits those holes. If the Chinese can do it, anyone else can do it, it doesn’t matter how hard you try to hide it, as long as a vulnerability is there, it is potentially accessible by anyone. 🙂 (“lucky” us? haha). No system is invulnerable, that’s the ultimate reality in technology. urrl When my jailbroken iPhone 6+ dies along with jailbreaking it’s bye bye Apple for me. It’s been fun.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going Apple’s free app of the week: Tayasui Sketches Pro New Lock screen bug bypasses iPhone/iPad passcode, lets you see photos/contacts   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A The Future Belongs to the Multichannel Marketer by Barry Feldman  |   September 28, 2016  |  1,508 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Seth Godin was wrong. He's famously quoted as saying something like, "Content marketing is all the marketing that's left." The statement traces to a 2008 teleseminar, as reported by Joe Pulizzi in an early post on Content Marketing Institute. It wasn't true in 2008, and despite the explosive growth of the discipline since, it's not true today. (Sorry, Seth.) He might have meant content marketing is the best, most practical, or most tactical marketing left. I'll buy that. I'll also concede it's caused a whole lot of marketers to reconsider their advertising and direct marketing budgets and strategies. But try telling Apple or Samsung that advertising is now pushing up the daisies. Thanks to NBC's coverage of the Olympic Games in Rio, I logged more TV-watching time last month than the entire year prior. Nearly every commercial break featured Apple or Samsung. Neither company was answering my questions, interviewing experts, or offering wildly cool downloads. It wasn't content marketing. It was advertising. I brought in the mail last night and, moments later, tossed piles of paper including catalogs and circulars into the trash. There wasn't one how-to article in the heap. There were several pizza coupons. I saved one on the fridge. I believe you call this form of marketing direct mail. It's not dead. We've been getting phone calls for months from universities hoping to pitch their institution to my daughter. This loathsome technique is called telemarketing. Also, unfortunately, it's not dead. I had to drive to Sacramento yesterday in my older Infiniti sedan that does not have satellite radio. I'll be damned—the rock stations still play commercials. Radio advertising? Also still alive. The highway was littered with billboards. Billboards aren't dead. The ATM at a nearby gas station and convenience store flashes Red Bull and Rockstar ads on its display. You can extract money from the thing, but there doesn't appear to be any way to get articles about the benefits of pouring large amounts of heavily caffeinated, high-calorie soda water into your body. You get me, right? Content marketing may have boomed, but it didn't bust advertising. It never will. Content isn't king. It doesn't rule. And it's not the only marketing left. But I don't mean to sound cynical. Content marketing's cool by me. It works in many ways that advertising doesn't. In fact, planning and producing content marketing is how I make my living and market my business. Advertising goes where you go I was inspired to write this post after reading an article called How to Use Offline Media to Drive Social Engagement on AdWeek's SocialTimes site. It claims, "Multichannel media is dominating 2016." It went on to explain consumers respond to multichannel interaction, yet only 17% of marketers feel confident going multichannel. Out-of-home (OOH) advertising is where the article went next. "When people see messaging that appeals to them in the context of what they're doing, that's extremely powerful for building brand equity and eventually driving purchases," says Dominick Porco, CEO of Impax Media, a company currently focused on enabling grocery retailers to deliver branded content and rich-media messaging in-store. "When people are doing things like commuting or waiting in line at a retail checkout, they're looking to pass the time, and our data shows that they're happy to do so with some lightly branded infotainment," Porco states. "They even look forward to it." Imagine you're checking out at the grocery store and instead of looking for the shortest line, you tried to get in the longest. Huh? Why? To take in the ads and infotainment features on the digital displays, of course. It sounds odd, to say the least. This is the era of blindness, ad blockers, and an amazing number of ways to simply steer clear of advertising. Or is it? Why not ask the consumer? Ipsos Group, a global market research and a consulting firm asked consumers about their reaction to seeing displays while in grocery store checkout lines. The mix of content displayed is: 50% advertising; 25% infotainment; 12.5% branding; and 12.5% about current items on sale in the store. As you can see in the survey results above, the response was convincingly positive. What are you looking at? As you know, most forms of digital marketing grow in value because of the useful data you can glean from them. Can a point-of-sale display deliver behavioral feedback, too? Amazingly, yes. Retailers and advertisers are applying technology to analyze traffic and spending habits and gather performance metrics to tailor the content presented and make it more relevant. When you look at the displays that Impax Media installs in grocery stores, they're looking back at you with something called TRU-View technology. However, it's not creepy; it's ingenious. The technology performs facial detection (not facial recognition) to anonymously gather the gender and age range of the individual viewer. The company's site says, "TRU-View provides broad insights in order to allow content to be tailored and optimized for the range of viewers who might visit a particular store during the course of a day, week, month, etc." Advertising is a chameleon, not a dinosaur Advertising isn't extinct nor is it on the endangered species list. It's simply changing its colors to better serve advertisers and the customers they aim to reach. Savvy media professionals now work toward using the best possible mix of channels from the perspective of the audience. When done well, the advertiser wins the audience's attention across multiple touch points to bring people closer to making a purchase. "Multi-channel customers are serious buyers," writes Diogo Costa on the Tech.co website. He cites the conclusions of business intelligence leader SAS, which claims that, on average, multichannel customers spend at least three times the amount single-channel customers spend. Wilson Raj, global director for Customer Intelligence at SAS, explains, "Because customers have more choices and more power, you'll need new approaches and capabilities. You need to be ready, wherever your customers may want to engage with you." He recommends a multichannel strategy that engages customers by: Optimizing your brand's digital presence—A/B test messages to determine which delivers the best customer experience. Using mobile—Encourage shoppers to scan products via your mobile app while shopping. Deploy in-store touch-screen shopping options. Offer a "store pickup" option via your mobile app. Creating rich content—Optimize your content for context and intent with a goal of enhancing the customer interaction. Help your customers focus on relevant, pertinent content that adds value to their buying journey. Investing in analytics—Work toward creating a unified platform calling on the analytics needed to create a single view of the customer across all channels, so you can make customer-specific offers. The Tech.co website article offers three solutions that enable marketers to drive traffic to online channels via offline marketing efforts: Camera-triggered URLs via QR codes—Offer QR codes linking to a various online media types. Mandatory response with Bluetooth—Send opt-in messages asking shoppers to opt-in for instant content deliveries. Text—SMS (text messaging) is widely accepted and offers a direct, immediate connection, which integrates well with other channels. The future belongs to the multichannel marketer Today's most progressive marketers understand customer experience has become a key differentiator. The path to purchase and brand loyalty is paved by gaining a detailed understanding of the customer journey and embracing multichannel marketing. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Barry Feldman is the author of SEO Simplified for Short Attention Spans. Barry operates Feldman Creative and provides content marketing consulting, copywriting, and creative direction services. He contributes to top marketing sites and was named one of 25 Social Media Marketing Experts You Need to Know by LinkedIn. To get a piece of his mind, visit his blog, The Point. Twitter: @FeldmanCreative LinkedIn: Barry Feldman Tweet Advertising, Digital Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Print Collateral, Sales and Advertising, SMS, Social Media You may also like #SocialSkim: Facebook Sets Sights on LinkedIn, Trials TV Ads ... 'Enriching Benefits': Why Consumers Love Brands That Make Them ... How Millennial Business Leaders Are Changing SMB Marketing Buyer Personas: How Much Detail Is Too Much? Unwrapping the 2016 Holiday Shopping Experience [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Instagram Paves Path to E-Commerce, Twitter Builds ... Four Ways for SMBs to Successfully Apply Marketing Operations A Guide to Contextual Marketing The Ultimate Homepage Planning Checklist [Infographic] Three Ways Marketers Can Tell Their Stories Across Multichannel ... Trick or Treat Your Way Into Halloween Sales [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Twitter Kills Vine, Instagram Tests Live Video, ... Brand Admiration Is Earned, Not Given: Here's How to Make It ... Nonprofit Storytelling: How the Power of 'Why' Can Increase ... How to Create a Thriving Ecosystem of Customers, Partners, ... JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes by Ayaz Nanji Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch by Nyima Bieber The Top 20 Content Marketing Influencers of 2016 by Ayaz Nanji Four Ways to Take Full Advantage of Email Marketing With ... by John Thies The Ultimate Homepage Planning Checklist [Infographic] by Barry Feldman See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? What Makes Employees Happy at Work? [Infographic] 11/18/2016 at 9:00 AM General Management Online Marketers Need to Embrace Personalization: Here's Why and How 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Content Five Mistakes You Can't Afford to Make in Your Refer-a-Friend Program 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships What Marketers Need to Know About Millennials and Print 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Behavior Why Consumers Abandon E-Commerce Shopping Carts 11/17/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior Brand Engagement for B2B: Avenue CEO Bob Domenz on Marketing Smarts ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Top 4 Things You Should Know on Your Journey to Content Marketing ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Content Bringing Adtech In-House: Success or Stress for Brand Marketers? 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Advertising The Most Loved, Fun, Relevant, Engaging, Social, and Helpful Brands 11/16/2016 at 9:00 AM Brand Management Five Small Business Marketing and Retention Trends and ideas for 2017 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships Supercharge Your Email Marketing With Phone Calls 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing Holiday Marketing Campaigns: 'Tis the Season for Pinterest ... 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How Consumers Use Amazon: Device, Search, and Purchase Trends 11/15/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing What Smart, Successful Local Businesses Do to Attract Holiday ... 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Mobile What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes 11/14/2016 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing Media Channels the Brightest B2B Marketers Use to Drive Leads ... 11/12/2016 at 10:00 AM Sales #SocialSkim: Facebook Sets Sights on LinkedIn, Trials TV Ads (Kinda): ... 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How to Manage Your Google Search Console Like a Pro 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Six Content Performance Metrics You Can't Live Without 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Videos Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Know-How Exchange Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2016 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Planning New UK Headquarters in London's Historic Battersea Power Station Wednesday September 28, 2016 7:47 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard Apple is working on building an all-new campus location in London's Battersea Power Station, where 1,400 employees will be moved from eight locations around London to occupy the company's new UK offices (via Evening Standard). Battersea is currently under a "painstaking" restoration process after 33 years of being abandoned, with a predicted opening date for Apple's offices expected sometime in 2021. For the site, Apple is leasing 500,000 square feet in total, making it one of Apple's largest offices outside of its monolithic campuses in the United States. The company's official European headquarters is said to remain in Cork, Ireland, where 4,000 of its employees work. Rendering of redeveloped Battersea campus with historic brick power station in center In a statement to the Standard, Apple said it was looking forward to the 2021 opening of “our new London campus” as staff relocate to “this magnificent new development at one of the city’s best-known landmarks”. It added: “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history.” Apple's "central function" employees are believed to be relocated to Battersea, including individuals in finance and human resources. The 42-acre location isn't dedicated solely to Apple, with various other residential, office, and retail shops planned for the area. The Cupertino-based company is predicted to occupy about 40 percent of the total office space at Battersea once everything is finished, with enough room for 3,000 employees. Apple will occupy the top six floors inside the former boiler house around a huge central atrium. There will also be three floors of shops, 253 apartments around a “garden square in the sky”, a 2,000-seater auditorium and cinemas in a scheme designed by London architects Wilkinson Eyre. The first tenants will move into the Battersea complex's apartments as early as December, with shops and restaurants coming in the spring of 2017. Apple will keep working in various other London offices -- including locations in Hanover Street and James Street -- until the completion of its section of Battersea in 2021. In California, construction on Apple Campus 2 is continuing to inch closer to the site's expected completion by the end of the year. The newest drone video shows the 2.8 million square foot campus with a nearly-complete main building as workers begin to focus on landscape additions and finishing up the glass facade of the circular building. Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts. Tags: United Kingdom, Apple Battersea [ 96 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) machpost 7 weeks ago That's the power plant on the cover of Pink Floyd's Animals... Rating: 31 Votes vmistery 7 weeks ago Well you never know, with Brexit and Ireland having to ask for more tax perhaps they can move their entire EU headquaters over here in a few years time.. Rating: 8 Votes Sandstorm 7 weeks ago Pretty cool. My biggest association with this place is Ark of the Arts in the excellent movie Children of Men. Flying pig included, of course. :) Rating: 6 Votes TrueBlou 7 weeks ago That's the power plant on the cover of Pink Floyd's Animals... Yup, Apple and Pink Floyd together at last, I'm sure I've had this dream before. I say dream, let's call it an illusion while awake :D Rating: 6 Votes LiterallySimon 7 weeks ago Well you never know, with Brexit and Ireland having to ask for more tax perhaps they can move their entire EU headquaters over here in a few years time.. Brexit makes it impossible for U.K. to get Apple's EU headquarters. And Ireland still has the lowest corporate tax rate (that they didn't ask from Apple and now have to) in EU and U.K. so that's no reason to move either. Rating: 5 Votes Kiwikat88 7 weeks ago That's the power plant on the cover of Pink Floyd's Animals.. My all-time favorite album and Dogs is my all-time favorite song. Pure brilliance! Rating: 5 Votes Narrator Jack 7 weeks ago Rating: 5 Votes peterh988 7 weeks ago That's the power plant on the cover of Pink Floyd's Animals... Perhaps they'll be a giant inflatable apple flying over the site! Rating: 5 Votes Lennholm 7 weeks ago That's the power plant on the cover of Pink Floyd's Animals... And they started recording the album the very same month that Apple was founded :O Rating: 4 Votes tw1ll 7 weeks ago If they can afford to rent that much office space in that particular new development then they can afford to pay full wack to the tax man in the UK especially since they have been gouging us on their prices for years. If you convert the tax they have deliberately evaded globally (along with Alphabet, McDonalds, Starbucks, Amazon - Oh look all US companies!) into hospitals and schools, their host Nations societies would be significantly better off. Like so many knighted individuals Ive should be stripped of his honour for working for such a morally bankrupt company. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 18 minutes ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 16 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 3 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 18 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 45 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 19 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 14 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 20 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 13 comments PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV 21 hours ago on iOS Blog PlayStation today announced that its PlayStation Vue television service has expanded to the fourth-generation Apple TV, allowing PlayStation Vue subscribers to watch live TV and access other Vue... 72 comments Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Twitter's first-party iOS app recently began rolling out support for rich notifications for anyone on iOS 10, letting users get a larger glimpse at their incoming notifications without having to... 10 comments Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization 1 day ago on iOS Blog While the iPhone 7 Plus has a dual-lens camera, only the wide-angle lens supports optical image stabilization. However, that could change next year. In a research note obtained by MacRumors,... 25 comments • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11) • Mac Automation Product Manager Sal Soghoian Leaves Apple After Position Eliminated (137) • Apple Researching How iPhones Can Monitor Parkinson's Patients in Real Time (6) • Twitter Introduces QR Codes for Sharing and Following Accounts (18)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, November 19, 2016 As of 1:00 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iMac 2016 release date, news & update: Polaris GPU to enhance VR capability By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on September 28 2016 4:16 PM 0 0 0 0 A sales assistant shows features of iOS 9 on an Apple iMac at an Apple reseller shop in Bangkok September 18, 2015. Reuters/Chaiwat Subprasom Since the unveiling of the Apple iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2, numerous reports have talked about upcoming devices from the Cupertino-based tech giant. The most vehemently searched products that are widely anticipated are the Apple MacBook Pro 2016 and Apple iMac 2016 apart from Apple MacBook Air 2016. Speculations are rife as to the iMac 2016 and many believe that the device could be unveiled in October. Apple has not released any official information on its upcoming roster of products and some have even speculated the death of the Air line. However, certain rumours appear to be true and the iMac 2016 is expected to be yet another revolutionary product, writes Mobile & Apps. The iMac received its last update on October 2015 and Apple could be looking for some out-of-the-box updates before year-end. As is always the case with Apple, while some believe the iMac 2016 will bring never-seen-before changes to the line, some are arguing that a major overhaul is unlikely for the time being. The iPhone maker is expected to go with Intel processors for the Apple iMac 2016 thought the hyped Kaby Lake chipset may not find a place in the device if it’s released in October. WCCF Tech reported about five months ago that the AMD Radeon 400 Series Polaris GPUs landed major Apple design wins. Hence, AMD’s contract with Apple as regards to graphics chips may bring a highly-advanced Polaris GPU to the Apple iMac 2016. Another popular speculation is VR capability getting enabled in the iMac for the first time. The device is also expected to sport a new display. Enabling VR capabilities will provide an instant edge to the iMac 2016 as Polaris 10 and 11 GPUs improve VR performance significantly. The fusion drives may also become the default storage in iMac 2016 and it is undoubtedly one of the best features that Apple can bring to the device. Rumours also suggest that the upcoming iMac may have flash storage as storage standard. RELATED: Apple iMac 2016 release date, news & update: AR/VR capability, 5K display & other specs Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple iMac 2016 may showcase 5K display technology Apple iMac 2016 may support VR technology Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 0 Shares 2 'The Blacklist' season 5 latest updates: Season 5 not happening? Major storyline takeaways from the Season 4 finale 'Dr. Adrian Shaw: Conclusion' 0 Shares 3 'Dancing with the Stars' season 23 episode 13 spoilers: Trio dances begin; Final Four to be announced 0 Shares 4 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 5 NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays 0 Shares 6 Optus and Huawei completed 5G trial in Australia 0 Shares 7 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 9 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 10 ‘Star Wars Rebels’ Season 3 episode 7 preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder British woman charged with extramarital sex in Dubai after reporting her gang rape Pregnant Sydney woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Thunder trying to acquire Rudy Gay Russell Wilson wants to bring back Seattle SuperSonics NBA world wants nothing to do with Donald Trump Tim Duncan immortalised: Spurs to retire his jersey Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs: Live steam, preview, where to watch NBA Trade News: Phoenix Suns not shopping Brandon Knight More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Super Mario Run for iOs devices available in Australia on Dec. 15 Apple iPad Pro 2 to take up EarPods? Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 'Pokemon Go' updates: Niantic exec reveals plans for the future NES Classic Edition: Console still available for a thrice the retail price Canon 6D Mark II to sport same full-frame capabilities as 5D? More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 6 spoilers, recap: ‘Ready’ One Direction's Zayn Malik requested to seek professional help by Mel C ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episode 6 spoilers: ‘Monster in the Closet’ Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory: Focus on Luke's lightsaber again More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     London’s iconic Battersea Power Station will be Apple’s new UK headquarters By Christian Zibreg, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 4 Comments The British newspaper Evening Standard reports that Apple will be opening a “stunning new” campus in London’s iconic Battersea Power Station. The $11.7 billion project will create a new home for 1,400 employees in the brick “cathedral of power,” which had been powering and lighting London up to 1983. The crumbling Art Deco masterpiece was designed by English architect Sir Giles Gilbert who is also known for his work on such structures as the Liverpool Cathedral and Waterloo Bridge. He designed London’s iconic red telephone box, too. The Battersea site will be one of Apple’s biggest corporate facilities in the world outside America. The deal has taken about a year to negotiate. The paper writes: Apple is leasing 500,000 sq ft in total, making it one of the biggest single office deals signed in London outside the City and Docklands in the past 20 years. It is expected all the firm’s “central function” staff in London in areas such as finance and human resources will move to the power station. Apple has 2,530 staff in total in the capital, including about 1,100 working in its stores. It has taken enough space for 3,000 employees, giving it room to hire more as its operation grows in London. The designers of the office space have not yet been appointed. The new Apple facility will represent about 40 percent of the office space at the 42-acre site, which offers “a carefully curated mix” of homes, businesses and leisure amid extraordinary open spaces and new transport links. The California company will occupy the top six floors inside the former boiler house around a huge central atrium. Apple is currently painstakingly restoring the historic building on the banks of the Thames. An Apple spokesperson confirmed to the paper that “our new London campus” will be opening in 2021 as staff relocate to “this magnificent new development at one of the city’s best-known landmarks”. “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history,” said Apple. Apple’s main European HQ will remain at Cork, Ireland, where it employs 6,000 people. Source: Evening Standard Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Amazon Music Unlimited expands to UK, Germany and Austria Samsung to buy Harman for $8 billion Foxconn revenue rises on brisk iPhone 7 sales, but earnings fall due to losses at Sharp Ireland is cheering in favor of Apple in EU state aid tax ruling Related Topics Apple, Corporate, London, News, UK JacktheMac Genius. The world’s best tech company in one of London’s most iconic buildings, one that’s been abused and neglected for years. :D Awesomeeee – it’s a 10 min drive from where I live! sg1969 why is that awesome? (unless you work for Apple) i don’t think there will be a store there, just the offices, though I could be wrong :D Haha, I should’ve explained it. I want to work for Apple and checked just a few weeks ago if they have any graduate vacancies in London but they don’t other than retail (if I remember correctly). It won’t be open for a while now but I’m definitely going to look into being a part of this :).   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Google revamps Play Newsstand, adds For You recommendations, rich media, web app & more Apple launches worldwide “Touch Disease” repair program for iPhone 6 Plus How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Why is Foxconn Building a Smartphone Plant in India for OnePlus and not Apple? | Main | Apple Opening a Stunning New 'Campus' in 2021 in London's Battersea Power Station » September 28, 2016 Questionable Rumor Points to Apple's Radical iPhone 8 Set for 2018 How is Apple planning to keep the iPhone 8's reported radical industrial design out of the hand of rumor mongering websites? Easy, develop it in Israel where security actually means something, that's how. Yet Business Insider believed that they would be able to get a scoop about Apple's next iPhone. In the end, all they were able to find out was was that some of the key hardware for the iPhone 8 was being developed in Herzliya, Israel, which is a facility that is always working on next-gen iPhone technology – so there's nothing new on that front. Their second finding was that the new iPhone won't debut until 2018 which on the surface appears to contradict everything reported on thus far about the radically designed anniversary iPhone. The rest of the report is mumbo jumbo speculation that is absolutely useless at this point in time. If you still want to read about this questionable rumor, then check it out here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 28, 2016 at 08:10 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Where Clinton, Trump stand on 7 big tech issues Ahead of Monday's debate, we look at how the candidates stack up on cybersecurity, privacy, STEM and other topics affecting tech. Getty Images Where Clinton, Trump stand on 7 big tech issues 0 Share: Tech Industry by Terry Collins September 26, 2016 8:17 AM PDT @terryscollins by Dan Patterson September 26, 2016 8:17 AM PDT Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy And the next president's point of view on tech will be... Photo by Brooks Kraft/Getty Images Technology issues haven't dominated the US presidential campaign. But they're there. Security and privacy. The health of the economy. Schools and research. Immigration. In some way, all these issues are tech issues. That means the next president's science and technology policies will have long-lasting impact on the country. "Tech definitely needs to be a part of the discourse when we choose the next president of the United States," said Robert Atkinson, founder and president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, because it's "involved in almost every aspect of our lives." Ahead of Monday's debate, which could draw an audience on par with a Super Bowl, CNET and TechRepublic compiled a list of important technology issues to get a sense of what a Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump administration might mean for the field. We used the candidates' websites, public statements and interviews with other publications to research their positions. We also contacted both campaigns for additional comment on their technology policies. The Clinton team sent us a detailed list of her comments on the issues and directed us to her website. The Trump team didn't respond to repeated requests for comment. Going into debate, the first of three, polls show a virtual tie between the two candidates. Cybersecurity Photo by Melina Mara/Getty Images Clinton In February, Clinton called cybersecurity one of "the most important challenges the next president is going to face," citing the offensive advances of Russia, China, Iran and North Korea. In the National Security section of Clinton's website, the candidate directly addresses risks posed by Russian and Chinese hackers. Trump Trump's campaign website provides scant detail on his cybersecurity policy. However, the candidate told The New York Times that "certainly cyber has to be in our thought process, very strongly in our thought process...Inconceivable the power of cyber...you can make countries nonfunctioning with a strong use of cyber." Trump also made a comment that seemed to encourage the Russian government to hack Clinton's email. The remark was criticized by FBI chief James Comey. Trump later said he was being sarcastic. Privacy and encryption Clinton Clinton has a complex relationship with privacy and encryption. Her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state has dogged her campaign. She argued for compromise during the Apple-FBI standoff over whether Apple should be forced to help the agency crack into an iPhone used be a terrorist, and her policy position supports the formation of a commission to strike a balance between individual privacy and national security. "Hillary rejects the false choice between privacy interests and keeping Americans safe," says her position statement. Trump Trump hasn't issued a policy statement but his words indicate he isn't sympathetic to privacy concerns when public safety is involved. He's suggested the government should have access to encrypted devices, and he called out Apple during the tech giant's standoff with the FBI. "Who do they think they are?" Trump said. "They have to open it up." ICANN Photo by Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images Clinton The US should leave coordinating the domain name system that addresses internet sites to Los Angeles-based ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which takes over on October 1, Clinton says. The ICANN transition is "a critical step towards safeguarding the internet's openness for future generations," says the Clinton policy. ICANN is in charge of the Domain Name System (DNS) and is in charge of assigning IP addresses to top-level domains like .com, .net and .org. Trump Trump says the US should control the internet, end of story, and he objects to passing control to ICANN. "Congress needs to act, or internet freedom will be lost for good, since there will be no way to make it great again once it is lost," said Trump National Policy Director Stephen Miller said in a statement Tuesday. For a detailed look at the ICANN issue, check out our rundown here. STEM Clinton When it comes to STEM, or science, technology, engineering and mathematics subjects, Clinton's website enumerates a three-point plan with significant investments in such education, a proposal that's nested in a detailed economic proposal. "A new generation of potential scientists, engineers, coders, and mathematicians are learning in classrooms across America right now," she says. Her plan proposes spending and support in the private and public sectors at the regional and national levels. Trump Trump has no specific STEM policy but has noted on his website that "we graduate two times more Americans with STEM degrees each year than find STEM jobs." H-1B visas Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Clinton Speaking to a group of Silicon Valley entrepreneurs in 2007 Clinton expressed support for H-1B visas, temporary visas for skilled workers. Her website states that Clinton would "staple" a green card to STEM masters and Ph.D.s from accredited institutions, enabling international students who complete degrees in these fields a path to permanent residence. Clinton also would support "startup" visas that let entrepreneurs from abroad come to the US to build tech companies. Trump Trump's policy seeks to increase the pay for people holding H-1Bs as part of a plan to steer more work to Americans. "Raising the prevailing wage paid to H-1Bs will force companies to give...coveted entry-level jobs to the existing domestic pool of unemployed native and immigrant workers in the US, instead of flying in cheaper workers from overseas," his policy says. Innovation Clinton Clinton's nearly 7,000-word Initiative on Technology & Innovation uses technology as the center of a broad platform of economic issues. The proposal includes funding for classroom technology and spurring tech exports. Clinton's plan is supported by several major influential Silicon Valley technologists. Trump Trump hasn't expressed much on the subject of innovation and research. But Silicon Valley has weighed in on the candidate's potential impact. "Trump would be a disaster for innovation," according to a July open letter signed by nearly 150 tech leaders, including Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian and Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales. Atkinson, of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, said Trump's background in real estate isn't "really geared toward innovation." Taxes Clinton Clinton opposes tax inversions. A tax inversion is a legal tactic that allows companies to migrate their tax burden to a country with a lower rate, while keeping primary corporate operations in the originating country. The practice has been associated with biotechnology companies and pharmaceutical firms. "I call it a perversion, but under the tax code it's called an inversion," she declared on her website. "And we will make you pay for that with a new exit tax." Related stories Could cyberattackers disrupt the election? Twitter beats national polls for election predictions, prof claims Election Tech: Clinton and Trump indicate social analytics are predictive analytics Trump Trump wants to encourage US companies to build at home by instituting a 35 percent tax on products made outside of the US. He singled out Apple during a January stump speech saying, "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries." Apple, which declined to comment on Trump's comments at the time he made them, designs many of its products at its Silicon Valley headquarters and has them assembled in China. If Apple products were manufactured in the US, the price of an iPhone potentially could rise to around $900 to offset worker wages. First published September 25 at 5:00 a.m. PT. Update September 26 at 8:17 a.m. PT: Added information on the latest polls. Tags Tech Industry Related Stories Robot bus successfully transports commuters...400 meters ​Intel determined to power AI revolution, not be left behind Female portion of Microsoft's workforce shrinks again ​Forget home rentals, Airbnb wants to be your travel agent Close   Discuss: Where Clinton, Trump stand on 7 big tech... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Intel Corporation Finally Lose Its Place in Apple's Mac Products? This Fool doesn't think so. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 28, 2016 at 11:21AM Image source: Apple.   Over the past several years, speculation has run rampant that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) intends to eventually replace chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) inside its Mac products with homegrown ARM Holdings-compatible microprocessors. For a while, it seemed there was no immediate threat to Intel's Mac business, given the relatively large performance deltas between Intel's notebook processors and Apple's own A-series processors used in both the iPhone and the iPad. However, beginning with the A9 and A9X chips launched about a year ago and continuing on with the recently released A10 and the soon-to-be-launched A10X, it's clear that Apple's engineering teams are now able to deliver offerings that are truly competitive with Intel's low-power notebook processors. In other words, the argument that Apple's chips aren't powerful enough no longer appears to hold water. In that context, it's worth reconsidering whether Apple will ultimately boot Intel from the Mac line of products My bet is still: not anytime soon. Here's why. Apple can't easily or cheaply replicate Intel's product breadth Apple releases two high-performance processors each year or so -- one for the iPhone and a beefed-up version of that offering intended for the iPad. Last year, we got the A9 and A9X, and I expect that the A10X will follow the A10 that launched in September by approximately six months. If Apple were to replace Intel inside the Mac, it would need to build many more chips for each of its Mac products. Indeed, it would need to build chips for the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Air, the plain MacBook, and the iMac lines. Intel currently services the plain MacBook with its Y-series processors, the MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro with its U-series processors, the 15-inch MacBook Pro and 21.5-inc iMac with its H-series processors, and the 27-inch iMac with its S-series processors. To be clear, all of the Intel processors that go into the Macs are based on the same fundamental building blocks -- CPU cores, graphics technologies, and the like -- but they are integrated in different quantities and proportions, such as CPU core count, graphics core count, and so on. Apple could certainly invest in building additional configurations/variants for a suite of Mac chips, but given that the company ships roughly 20 million Macs a year, which is just a fraction of the number of iPhones and iPads that it ships, the potential return on that investment might not be good enough. Focus, focus, focus! One of the reasons Apple's chip teams are able to execute so beautifully is that the company has a lot of the world's best chip engineers all working on a very targeted set of products. They don't have their hands full trying to build different chip configurations or weighing painful trade-offs to make its core technologies scale across too wide of a range. Each year, the company puts out arguably the world's best smartphone and tablet processors. Although Apple would still probably put out excellent chips for these segments with a broader focus, possible even including leadership products, somehow I think they would ultimately be less impressive. Intel already invests billions to try to build a wide range of personal-computer processors, and these chips have successfully powered all of Apple's Macs for years. Unless Apple thinks Intel won't be able to build chips that enable it to offer the Mac experiences it aims to deliver to consumers -- and that's unlikely -- then it simply doesn't make sense for Apple to switch to an in-house solution anytime soon. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 28, 2016 at 11:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.02 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Apple Dogs Business The Channel Apple moving to scrubbed up London's Battersea Power Station Tim Cook moves in opposite dog’s home? Pigs will fly... 28 Sep 2016 at 13:54, Joe Fay Joe Fay Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Devops, Mobile Networks, Apple, Intel, Google Recent Articles Tell us your DevOps, Agile, CD and Container stories Could Heather from EastEnders turn on Kettering if Lohan is no-show? Northamber almost strikes cheery note, warns profit a year off Apple is moving into a shiny new HQ at the revamped Battersea Power Station in London – just as soon as developers have finished wrecking rebuilding the iconic Southside brick masterpiece. The owners of the building site have said that Apple will take “ six floors of office space” at the site from 2021, relocating 1400 staff from offices around London to create an Apple campus. In total, it will lease 500,000 sq foot of shiny new office space, in what is supposedly the biggest property deals in London outside the City and Docklands in the last 20 years. In total, Apple is reported to have around 1400 staff working in London - not including those working in its stores. With the new space apparently easy to accommodate 3000 staff, that suggests the firm is looking to staff up in the capital. While the site will represent a massive consolidation of Apple’s UK presence, it will not, apparently displace Apple’s current EMEA HQ. That - along with Apple’s tax advisors - is set to stay in Cork, Ireland. Apple apparently believes, “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history.” Apple’s new London digs might be “rich with history” perhaps - and not just because of that Pink Floyd LP cover - though whether its environs will be rich with traditional ducking and diving Londoners would be questioned by many. Apartments at Battersea Power Station and its surrounding developments are as likely to be marketed as much to overseas investors as the alumni of Salesian College, Sir Walter St Johns, Battersea County and Notre Dame Girls. The Art Deco power station is of course a 20th century icon - or was, depending on your point of view. The four chimney-ed plant is still the largest brick building in Europe. It stopped generating power in 1983, and for years was the object of planning scraps over its future, changing hands while simultaneously falling in disrepair. Since 2012, it has been owned by a Malaysian group, who are using the carcass to add to London’s stock of luxury apartments and high end office space. In fact, the whole massive development along the Battersea waterfront - with even more luxury flats clustered around the new US Embassy - is not exactly in keeping with Battersea’s traditional, slightly gritty image. To be honest though that floated down the river some time ago, around the time Battersea lost local industries including the glucose factory, the dog food factory, and the candle factory. Even Young’s iconic Ram Brewery - which kept the neighbourhood humming along in a nice malty, yeasty fug in this writer’s youth - shipped out around a decade ago. And that was itself long after the hopeful description “South Chelsea” stopped being a joke, and became more of a curse. Still, the dog’s home is still there, though after the news that Tim Cook has taken a lease just over the road, we have to ask ourselves, was that really Paul O’Grady that’s been paying regular visits? ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 17 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Apple iPhone Business Analyst: iPhone 7 points to price jump It is all in the numbers 28 Sep 2016 at 16:08, John Oates John Oates Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Mobile Networks, Broadband, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Blighty's telly, radio watchdog Ofcom does a swear Portsmouth bomb about to be detonated What’s that Sooty? You want a girlfriend? Apple may have dampened down expectations when it released the last set of quarterly financial figures, and predicted revenues down again year-on-year for the current quarter, but at least one analyst disagrees. Ton Sacconaghi, Wall Street analyst at Bernstein, predicts Apple shares moving up to $125 based on his calculations of the impact of iPhone 7. Apple shares today are changing hands for $114. Sacconaghi notes that iPhone sales account for some 75 per cent of Apple’s profits, so analysts have focused on unit sales and gross margins. But he points to a possible increase in Apple’s average sales price of iPhones. He says that the higher storage options on the jet black models and increased sales of the pricier seventh generation model versus earlier devices could all push up the ASP. From a low of $595 in the third quarter of 2016 this could jump to $679 in the first quarter of next year, he predicts. This could equate to a 10 per cent increase in iPhone sales. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 30 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Report: Apple is increasing iPhone 7 component orders for Q4 2016 Report: Apple is increasing iPhone 7 component orders for Q4 2016 September 28, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Digitimes reports that Apple is looking to increase its component orders for its iPhone 7 as it makes its way into Q4 2016. This implies that Apple expects high demand for the new iPhone as it is already struggling to keep up with demand, especially for the Jet Black model. The report says orders for the touch panels for the phone screen are up 20-30% higher than originally planned. People within the supply chain believe Apple will produce 80-84 million iPhone 7 units in the second half of the year. In the year-ago quarter, Apple was producing 85-90 million iPhone 6s. Apple is expected to announce its initial iPhone sales as part of its fiscal quarterly earning call, scheduled for October 27. As a whole, iPhone sales have been on a decline since the iPhone 6s was originally introduced, with the iPhone 6 being the ‘peak iPhone.’ If the report holds true, the gap between the iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 may be smaller than most analyst were lead to believe. Tags: iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← [Review] Leaf for Twitter: Beautifully designed, strong potential Sketchy report says 2017 iPhone to be called iPhone 8 → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Moto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless LeEco discounting Le Pro3 and Le S3 for Black Friday Have you experienced gadget fatigue? Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus units with 'touch disease' Huawei MediaPad M3 lands in the US with 8.4-inch 2560x1600 display Amazon Echo gaining ability to send text messages for AT&T customers Android And Me Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Legends Verizon puts Mophie Juice Pack Moto Google Allo updated with new themes, Amazon Echo can now send texts, if you’re Qualcomm makes Snapdragon 835 and Quick Barnes and Noble Nook Tablet 7-inch TmoNews BLU R1 HD update adds support for T-Mobile Deutsche Telekom CEO says he’s ‘not T-Mobile reveals Magenta Friday and Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
CIO Insights & Innovation Security & Risk Strategy Team Building & Staffing IT Strategy Digital Business Project Management Programming Languages Dr. Dobb's Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Productivity/Collaboration Apps Network Security Careers & People Threat Intelligence IoT Attacks & Breaches Application Security Cloud Security Endpoint Security Mobile Security Perimeter Security Risk Management Operations Security Analytics Vulnerabilities & Threats Security & Risk Strategy Infrastructure as a Service Platform as a Service Software as a Service Cloud Storage Data Centers Mobile Applications Mobile Devices Mobile Business Enterprise Mobility Management Big Data Analytics Hardware/Architectures Software Platforms IoT Networking Storage Wireless Infrastructure Data Center Unified Communications Cloud Infrastructure Applications Careers PCs and Servers Net Security Government Healthcare Wall Street & Technology Bank Systems & Technology Insurance & Technology Industries Government Healthcare Wall Street & Technology Bank Systems & Technology Insurance & Technology IT Life Mobile Mobile Applications Mobile Devices Mobile Business Enterprise Mobility Management Software Enterprise Applications Operating Systems Productivity/Collaboration Apps Informationweek Network Computing Dark Reading Tech Library University About Us Advertise Home News & Commentary Authors Slideshows Video Reports White Papers Events University Interop IT Leadership IoT DevOps Software Security Cloud Mobile Data Management Infrastructure Industries Government Healthcare IT Life About Us Advertise Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS Follow IW: IT Leadership DevOps Security Cloud Data Management Infrastructure More Mobile 9/28/2016 01:05 PM Scott Ferguson News 3 comments Comment Now Login 50% 50% Tweet RELATED EVENTS [Office 365] Simplifying Security & Management Nov 17, 2016 If your organization is moving to Office 365, you're facing the challenge of dealing with identity ...Read More>> RELATED CONTENT Print Security: Everything You Didn't Think You Needed to Know [CIO eBook] Workload Automation: The Key to Business Agility Emerging Threats & Social Media BlackBerry Quits Making Smartphones BlackBerry, which dominated the mobile market during the dawn of the smartphone era, is no longer making hardware. Instead, it will focus on software, management, and security, which moves the company deeper into the enterprise. Beyond BlackBerry: Outdated Tech The Feds Should Dump (Click image for larger view and slideshow.) BlackBerry has finally announced what many pundits and observers have predicted for a while now: The Canadian company will no longer make its own hardware. Instead, it will outsource its smartphone manufacturing to partners, while focusing on other areas, including software and security. The announcement, which came during its second-quarter financial report for fiscal 2017, was long anticipated by the industry. Once the gold standard at the dawn of the smartphone era, BlackBerry dominated the mobile market. But its position slipped as Apple introduced the iPhone about 10 years ago, and Google's Android operating system created a mass of sleek smartphones that fulfilled the needs of business, as well as consumers. In a statement released Sept. 28, BlackBerry CEO John Chen restated what he has previously, specifically that the company's future lies in software, mobile management, and security. At the end of the day, supporting a faltering handset division did not make sense: Our new Mobility Solutions strategy is showing signs of momentum, including our first major device software licensing agreement with a telecom joint venture in Indonesia. Under this strategy, we are focusing on software development, including security and applications. The company plans to end all internal hardware development and will outsource that function to partners. This allows us to reduce capital requirements and enhance return on invested capital. For years, Apple's iPhone and phones offering Google's Android have dominated the handset market. Recently, IDC released its smartphone estimates for 2016. Those numbers show Android, which is installed on many different devices from several manufacturers, is forecast to end the year with a marketshare of about 85% worldwide, and iOS will come in at second place with about 14% of the market. Microsoft's Windows Phone is expected to account for 0.5%, and the "other" category, which is where BlackBerry falls, is slated to hold 0.3%. (Image: eriktham/iStockphoto) The IDC numbers show that, by 2020, BlackBerry's marketshare will disappear altogether. "It's easy to think of BB's decision to exit handset development as 'the end of an era' but the company's market position has been so negligible for so long that 'putting it out of its misery' might be a more accurate metaphor," Charles King, the principal analyst at Pund-IT, wrote in an email to InformationWeek Wednesday morning. "That said, BB's fall also acts as a lens to consider the mobile market more broadly," King added. "The fact is that the handset segment is one where a handful of successful vendors (Apple, Samsung, etc.) occupy the high end, while most everyone else below them scrabbles for profits from quarter-to-quarter. BB is simply an example of what awaits any vendor that falls from high-end grace." While its days as a smartphone manufacturer are over, it doesn't mean that BlackBerry will go away. In fact, for IT and the enterprise, the company is doubling down on its offerings. In its announcement Wednesday, the company highlighted two new business offerings that are geared toward the modern computing era: The first is the BlackBerry Radar, an end-to-end product for tracking internet of things (IoT) systems that recently started shipping. The other is the BlackBerry Hub+ for Android, a software licensing program, which allows productivity and communication development on Android 6.0 devices. There have also been acquisitions to help its security portfolio, including its recent deal for UK-based security firm Encription Limited, which provides a number of different consulting services. In addition to its traditional management software, security and software are the parts of the market that King says he believes BlackBerry can thrive in, especially since the company has close relationships with many IT departments. Employees may use iPhone and Android smartphones that could potentially be controlled and secured through BlackBerry software. "The fact that the company has a believable path forward in enterprise software and security underscores how woeful the performance of other vendors has been in those segments," King wrote in his email. "The fact that BB is likely to remain significant and successful by addressing the needs of enterprises suggests that Apple, Samsung, and their peers need to step up their game if they truly desire their products to be considered enterprise class." [Read more about BlackBerry's move away from smartphone production.] During its announcement, BlackBerry reported that it had about 3,000 enterprise customer "wins" during that last three months, and that approximately 81% of its revenue from software and services was recurring -- a sign that's it's holding onto these new customers. For its second quarter, BlackBerry reported a net loss of $372 million, or about 71 cents a share, compared with $51 million in profits from the previous year, according to Reuters. At the same time, revenue dropped to $334 million from $490 million. BlackBerry signaled that it would start moving away from its own smartphone operating system when it began developing devices based on Android in 2015. During Wednesday's announcement, the company announced a joint venture, BB Merah Putih, which will sell BlackBerry-branded devices running Android in Indonesia. Scott works with the editors and editorial directors of InformationWeek, Dark Reading, and Network Computing to help build audience engagement for all three publications. He also oversees editorial newsletters for InformationWeek and works as the day-to-day news editor for ... View Full Bio Comment  |  Email This  |  Print  |  RSS More Insights Webcasts Containerized Apps - Changing Security Spearphishing & Targeted Social Engineering Attacks On Your Users More Webcasts White Papers App Store Policy Changes & their Effect on the security of Apps [CIO eBook] Workload Automation: The Key to Business Agility More White Papers Reports Ransomware Report The Top Cybersecurity Risks & How Enterprises Are Responding More Reports Comments Newest First  |  Oldest First  |  Threaded View [close this box] Login 50% 50% melgross, User Rank: Ninja 10/1/2016 | 11:25:58 AM Re: Hopeless Well this was their last biggest market several years ago. But it's down to almost nothing there too now. It just seems desperate when a third world country is being depended upon, and pointed out, as their future. It's highly doubtful that anyone really cares. As Chen himself pointed out in an interview several months ago, just after their last terrible quarter, they need phone sales for their software and services business. Much of that is dependent on managing Blackberry phones. Let's face it, this quarter, we're seeing a false picture of the company, like a couple of quarter's past. They make it look as though software sales have doubled, when it's really just the consequence of their buying Good, and adding their results to those of Blackberry. That makes it look as though there was growth. But in reality, their continuing businesses are all down significantly. Good itself was going down when they bought them. Even QNX is suffering in the automotive world from the assault of automotive Linux OS's. and with Apple and Google working on solutions that go beyond what QNX is a capable of, who knows how much longer it will survive? The future is really poor. Investors don't seem to understand that even if Blackberry does "survive" it will be as a company with well under $1 billion in sales a year, likely under $600 million, the way things are going. Is that success on Chen's part? No it's a major failure. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% sferguson10001, User Rank: Strategist 9/29/2016 | 9:01:52 AM Re: Hopeless @melgross: I couldn't agree with you more on what you wrote here. I doubt BlackBerry was making any money at all on any phones at this point. However, by going in with partners in developing economies such as Indonesia, a few phones sold could mean some decent market share and some profits. This is probably a way to break into other developing areas as well, and maybe even India, which is seen as the next big market for smartphones.  Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Login 50% 50% melgross, User Rank: Ninja 9/28/2016 | 5:57:43 PM Hopeless The previous quarter Blackberry sold less than 500,000 phones. So while it's nice to make a deal with other companies and lose the expenses, as Chen is saying, I doubt if Blackberry will be seeing any profits from this. Seriously, why would another company put any real money into such a declining business? This quarter it was 400,000 phones. With this trend, why bother? And software and services was down as well. All in all, a miserable trend. I can only think that Blackberry investors are incredibly naive. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Reports How Enterprises Are Attacking the IT Security Enterprise To learn more about what organizations are doing to tackle attacks and threats we surveyed a group of 300 IT and infosec professionals to find out what their biggest IT security challenges are and what they're doing to defend against today's threats. Download the report to see what they're saying. Download Now! More Reports Subscribe to Newsletters Live Events Webinars More UBM Tech Live Events Interop ITX - The Independent Conference for Tech Leaders Attend the Contact Center/Customer Experience at EC17 Attend SIP/SIP Trunking Track at Enterprise Connect Containerized Apps - Changing Security [Office 365] Simplifying Security & Management Spearphishing & Targeted Social Engineering Attacks On Your Users Webinar Archives White Papers App Store Policy Changes & their Effect on the security of Apps Print Security: Everything You Didn't Think You Needed to Know [CIO eBook] Workload Automation: The Key to Business Agility Emerging Threats & Social Media 3 Reasons Why You Can't Let Endpoints Stay Security Blind Spots More White Papers Current Issue Top IT Trends to Watch in Financial Services IT pros at banks, investment houses, insurance companies, and other financial services organizations are focused on a range of issues, from peer-to-peer lending to cybersecurity to performance, agility, and compliance. It all matters. Download This Issue! Back Issues | Must Reads Video The Rise Of SDN: What It Means For ... 0 Comments Secrets To Building Better Products: Fail ... 0 Comments InformationWeek Elite 100: Celebrating ... 1 Comments Google Puts Its Stamp On The Network Of ... 1 Comments Beyond WiFi: Building Better Enterprise ... 1 Comments Ransomware: How Should IT Respond? 0 Comments Industrial IoT: The Next 30 Years Of IT 1 Comments Enterprises: Tear Down Your Engineering Silos 0 Comments HPE Promotes Community For Women In Tech, ... 1 Comments Neural Networks: Pointing To The Future ... 1 Comments The Network Evolution Will Be Digital 0 Comments 'Digital Transformation': What's So New ... 2 Comments All Videos Slideshows 6 Reasons Private Clouds Aren't Dead Yet 0 comments | Read | Post a Comment 10 Tech Jobs Set For Big Pay Raises In 2017 1 10 Hot Programming Languages To Build Web Apps 1 More Slideshows Twitter Feed Tweets about "from:InformationWeek OR #InformationWeek OR @InformationWeek" InformationWeek Radio Archived InformationWeek Radio InformationWeek Live for the Week of November 6, 2016 Join us for a roundup of the top stories on InformationWeek.com for the week of November 6, 2016. We'll be talking with the InformationWeek.com editors and correspondents who brought you the top stories of the week to get the "story behind the story." FULL SCHEDULE | ARCHIVED SHOWS Sponsored Live Streaming Video Everything You've Been Told About Mobility Is Wrong Attend this video symposium with Sean Wisdom, Global Director of Mobility Solutions, and learn about how you can harness powerful new products to mobilize your business potential. 465 comments | Read | Post a Comment Full schedule | Archived Shows Flash Poll All Polls About Us Contact Us Customer Support Reprints Editorial Calendar Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ RSS Technology Group Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC GTEC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2016 UBM, All rights reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite InformationWeek content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box]
UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Search Follow UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Twitter Facebook Google+ Search Follow Gizmodo UK Twitter Like Gizmodo UK Facebook Recommend Gizmodo UK Google+ apple Apple is Moving Its London HQ to Battersea Power Station By James O Malley on at Apple is set to get a new British headquarters, inside London's iconic Battersea Power Station, the developers of the site have announced. The Standard reports that the company will be moving 1400 staff from eight different locations around London to all work on its new campus, and it will enable them to work together for the first time. To make it happen, the company will be occupying all six floors of office space that are being built inside the iconic plant. Over all, it apparently has room for 3000 staff, giving Apple plenty of scope to expand - and the Apple campus as a whole looks set to use up a full 40% of the office space currently under development. The news will no doubt come as an enormous sigh of relief for the consortium of Malaysian developers that are currently working to redevelop the Battersea site into a new mixed use development of homes, offices and retail space. Previously, the site had spent 33 years derelict, despite numerous attempts by various developers and London local government to kickstart the building of something new. The turning point appeared to come in 2014 when Transport for London approved the building of the Northern Line Extension to the site - which will enable people to get there without either a car or a fairly torturous bus ride. The new extension will split off the Charing Cross branch of the line at Kennington and extend out to Nine Elms, where a new station will be created, and then on to Battersea Power Station. According to the Standard, the first residents will move into the new blocks of flats in December, and the first shops and restaurants are expected to open in the Spring. Apple, however, won't be cutting the ribbon on the new HQ until 2021 as the main power station still needs a lot of work to get finished, including the reconstruction of its famous chimneys, which dominate the South London skyline. [Standard] Tags: apple giz uk James O Malley Twitter 0 shares 0 Tweet 0 Like 0 +1 comments View & comment Join the discussion Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Popular this week reviews By Alex Cranz on at Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off apple By The Conversation on at Apple's New Touch Bar: A Breakthrough Or Common Sense? nature By James O Malley on at The Most Brutal Moments in Last Night's Planet Earth 2 Premiere reviews By Christina Warren on at The NES Classic Edition Is Everything You Want It to Be Back to top Popular tags UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android IFA 2015 Apps of the Week International Gizmodo US Gizmodo France Gizmodo Germany Gizmodo Italy Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Poland Gizmodo Japan Gizmodo Australia Gizmodo Brazil Our Network Lifehacker UK Kotaku UK TechRadar Get in touch Contact us Send us a tip About us RSS Future is AOP & PPA Digital Publisher of the Year and BMA Media Company of the Year. Gizmodo UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. We produce content across four core areas: Technology TechRadar Maximum PC Mac|Life T3 Digital Camera World Gizmodo UK Lifehacker UK Entertainment GamesRadar+ PC Gamer Kotaku UK Music MusicRadar Creative Creative Bloq About Future Jobs PR Advertising Digital Future Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Subscriptions Investor Relations Contact Future © Future Publishing Limited, Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more here.
Home News Food & Drink Things To Do Museums Competitions Pubs Weekend Shop Advertise Subscribe Browse Londonist Search Reveal 18 November 2016 | 8 °C Londonist About Us Subscribe RSS Home News Food & Drink The Best Pubs Food Drink Top Food & Drink Things To Do Today This Weekend Free & Cheap Art & Photography Books & Poetry Festivals Family Film & TV Great Outdoors Museums & Galleries Music Sport On Stage Talks Videos Pubs Weekend Shop Advertise Search More search options Browse Londonist Art & Photography Best of London Books & Poetry Comedy Drink Family Festivals Film & TV Food Free & Cheap Great Outdoors History Housing Museums & Galleries Music News Opinion Politics Podcasts Pubs Secret Sport On Stage Talks Technology This Weekend Today Top Food & Drink Transport Videos Apple To Build New HQ In Battersea Power Station By M@ Looks like this article is a bit old. Be aware that information may have changed since it was published. M@ Apple To Build New HQ In Battersea Power Station Image from Doctor Who, NOT what the new Apple campus is expected to look like. In 2006, Battersea Power Station was taken over by world-conquering Cybermen. In 2016, history seems to be repeating itself, as Apple announces that its new London HQ will be based in the former energy plant. The new 'Apple Campus' will consolidate the company's many current offices into one, big, iconic location. Up to 1,400 staff will fill up six floors of the riverside landmark. The power station and surrounding area is part-way through a huge regeneration scheme that will see thousands of new homes crammed into the former industrial space. The redevelopment will be served by two new tube stations on the Northern line, and sit alongside the new US Embassy. Apple's cultural connections to the area don't stop at Cybermen. Another neighbour will be New Covent Garden Market, perhaps the biggest seller of apples in the country. Meanwhile, the old Covent Garden Market in central London includes what was the world's biggest Apple Store. According to the Evening Standard, the new Apple Campus will open in 2021, adding a bit of buzz to an area that many fear will turn into a vacant investment opportunity for the mega-rich. Last Updated 28 September 2016 Report a problem with this article Click for Comments (0 so far) Latest Podcast X close Londonist in your inbox Plan your day ahead or read the day's London headlines with our daily emails. Things to do in London (weekday picks sent at 7pm the night before) Londonist Daily (news and features digest, sent out at 5pm each day) Best of Londonist (weekly email, sent Sunday morning) The Weekend Guide (sent Thursday lunchtime) Thank you, your preferences have been saved. Follow Londonist Londonist Follow @londonist Report a problem Something wrong with this article? Let us know here. Thank you, your feedback has been noted. Londonist Links About us Contact us Subscribe for Email Advertise with us Staff & Contributors Archive Cookies & Privacy Categories Art & Photography Best of London Books & Poetry Comedy Family Festivals Film & TV Food Free & Cheap Great Outdoors History Housing Museums & Galleries Music News Opinion Politics Pubs Secret Sport Stage Talks Technology This Weekend Today Top Food & Drink Transport Videos Find Us Vimeo Facebook Google Plus Flickr Instagram Twitter Foursquare iTunes Youtube © 2016 Londonist, All rights reserved. All material on this site is the property of Londonist Ltd.
Workplace Insight News Comment Features Explore Architecture Cities Facilities Management Flexible Working Human Resources Legislation and regulation Property and Construction Public Sector Technology The Environment Wellbeing Workplace Design Premium content Briefings Podcasts Work&Place Events About Contributor guidelines Media Packs Follow September 28, 2016 Apple agrees to lease half million sq. ft. office at Battersea Power Station by Mark Eltringham • Cities, News, Property, Technology Apple has confirmed the rumours that began in the Spring of this year by announcing that it is to relocate its UK headquarters from its current base in the West End along with several other sites to the redeveloped Battersea Power Station. The site’s developers say that Apple will become the largest office tenant at the £9 billion Battersea Power Station mixed use development occupying approximately 500,000 sq. ft. across 6 floors of the central Boiler House inside the iconic building. Apple is expected to move into the Power Station in 2021 at which time the office will account for circa 40 percent of the total office space in the whole development. 1400 Apple employees from existing offices around London will relocate to one of London’s best known landmarks. Apple has added, that this is a great opportunity to have its entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history. Rob Tincknell, CEO of Battersea Power Station Development Company said: “We are delighted that Apple has chosen to make Battersea Power Station its home in 2021. It is testament to our fantastic building and the wider regeneration of the 42-acre site which offers a carefully curated mix of homes, businesses and leisure amidst extraordinary open spaces and new transport links. It has always been our clear objective to create one of London’s most thriving new communities and this commitment from Apple will undoubtedly help us achieve our goal.” Sadiq Khan, Mayor of London said : “I am delighted that Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station?, helping to generate new jobs and economic prosperity for Londoners. It is a further sign that London is open to the biggest brands in the world and the leading city for trade and investment.” Key data: It is understood that the transaction represents the largest office letting in London’s wider West End in the last twenty years. The Battersea Power Station development is being regenerated to accommodate what is the largest mixed-use project in Central London, where people from all over the world will live, work and play. The award-winning project, which is now under construction, has planning consent for over 8.5m sqft. of space which is split approximately 50:50 between commercial uses and residential. The commercial element is populated by shops, restaurants, hotels, arts and event spaces and will also include the largest new office district in Central London. At the heart of the development is the historic Sir Giles Gilbert Scott designed Battersea Power Station, a Grade 2 listed former coal-fired power station which is being meticulously restored in consultation with Historic England and will include the Apple office accommodation. The vast structure – the largest brick building in Europe – will include 2m sqft. of new space designed by architects WilkinsonEyre and also includes 253 new homes. To the north of the Power Station will be a six-acre public riverside park, and to the south will be a piazza style town square designed by BIG – Bjarke Ingels Group – known as Malaysia Square, which links to the Electric Boulevard and the new London Underground station located at the development. You may also like... Number of smart cities worldwide jumps 40 percent in past two years Driverless vehicles set to create vast swathes of developable real estate Tech sector drives demand for office space in London’s City fringes Smart cities will play essential role in meeting future energy demand Nearly all UK cities lagging behind European average for productivity Offering flexible working to mums could boost economy by £62.5 billion Worldwide progress in creating sustainable building regulations is slow Sign Up Join 16,000 other workplace professionals to receive regular updates and access premium content Email * Most Popular Posts The global uberification of commercial property and the workplace Two-thirds of British workers more productive working in the office New CoreNet Global / HOK report explores impact of coworking on corporate real estate How tech giant EMC standardised the design and management of its office portfolio How and why employee fitness became part of the corporate agenda Where are zero hours contracts and the gig economy taking us? Gartner report identifies the Top 10 strategic technology trends for 2017 Latest Tweets RT @workcollectiv: The growth of agile working and the softening of #workplace design t.co/m1AgfymWIz via @InsightOnWork Time ago 5 Hours via Twitter for Android RT @kerstinsailer: And some more goodness from @InsightOnWork: It's not particularly easy to change human behaviour by design t.co/… Time ago 5 Hours via Twitter for Android RT @Griffnet: A good short, snappy summary of some of the drivers of growth in co-working. t.co/vdfDnsYXeO Via @InsightOnWork Time ago 6 Hours via Twitter for Android @workspaceman it will be dead before arrival. All we need to guess now is when the first calls for an inquiry will begin. Time ago 1 Day via Twitter Web Client RT @jamesgold_smith: Some insightful quotes from those who know #LondonIsOpen Google commits to massive new London headquarters https://t.c… Time ago 2 Days via Twitter Web Client Google confirms it is to go ahead with massive new London HQ t.co/uYoOPugMLr #CRE #Brexit Time ago 3 Days via Twitter Web Client Follow @InsightonWork on twitter. Insight Publishing, +44 20 3239 3418 enquiries@workplaceinsight.net Translate » This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
null
Login Signup Login with or Log in Forgotten your password? Signup with or Sign up Forgot Password? Enter your email below and we will send you a reset link. Submit Download App for free on Play Store English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو Your Story Home Stories News Issues That Matter Resources Research Events Home Women Entrepreneurs Corporate Leaders Arts Academia Sports News Home Social Enterprises News Experts Social TV Think Change India Home Home Create Tech Tech Google’s next attempt is to take over the Indian music space Sanjana Ray ,  28 September 2016 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp Google is on the road to becoming the digital media honcho of the current times, making the old-school players in the Market like Apple and Facebook squirm in their seats. Days after announcing two iconic apps of 2016- ‘Google Allo’ and ‘Google Trips’, that professionals state may just run its contemporaries out of the market- they have now confirmed the launch of its Play Music store in India. Although this feature has been available in the international markets since 2011, the multi-billion conglomerate did not extend this service to the Indian market considering the fact that only a small fraction (constituting less than 10 percent) of the digital Indian users are willing to spend money on purchasing music online. The features offered in this service are similar to the ones offered by Apple’s iTunes and Australia’s Guvera, keeping in terms with the international market – where the app suggests popular individual tracks and albums, and allows you to purchase them for unlimited future listening. In more detail, it lists songs under categories like ‘Top Songs’, ‘Top Albums and New Releases’- keeping you up to date with the hit numbers marking their spot on the Billboards. Songs are further sub-categorised under tag-lines such as ‘Best of Bollywood’, ‘Indian Pop Hits’, ‘International Music Indian Capital’ and more. It makes browsing even easier, by offering the option of searching for individual songs and albums under the various regional languages. Advertisement According to Mashable, the content is officially priced from a rough Rs. 15 for individual songs and Rs. 90 for an individual album, similar to the numbers offered by Apple’s iTunes. But what sets it apart is the higher range and variety of regional music that it offers in comparison to the iTunes, which although has a power-box of the greatest international hits, does not do much to reach out to the regional target base. Advertisement However, at the same time- domestic players like Times Internet owned ‘Gaana’ and Tiger Global led ‘Saavn’ may not have too much to fear considering that they usually offer monthly packages between Rs. 100 and 150, which work out more cost efficient than its Google counterpart. Google’s CEO Sundar Pichai has seemed to be targeting the Indian Market to quite the number this year, seeing great ‘digital potential’ across the multi-lingual canvas. A major reason for his single-lined focus in the country may be due to the fact that the Indian Market is more accessible to the multi-billion dollar company as compared to its Chinese counterparts, where Google has seemingly been tapped out of the market. According to TechCrunch, just about 300 million of an estimated 1.3 billion people are using the Internet- paving the way for great industrial and technological growth in the Indian Market. "In an increasingly mobile-first world, India gives us early insights into the future of the Internet. Moreover, we learned the issues Indians may have with connectivity and data constraints can be universal,” said Sundar Pichai in an article he wrote in the Economic Times. Keeping to the theme of introducing exciting measures in the digital market, Google also recently announced the ‘Youtube Go’ – an app set about to expand the accessibility of its video-sharing service, especially in areas with limited connectivity - a concurrent problem for the Indian users. Advertisement The app allows its users to save videos for offline views, providing information about the quality and speed that will denote the exact amount of usage that the users will be spending in downloading the file. It also allows the users to exchange these same videos with others, without having to use up any data in the process. These advanced features that have reportedly been made with the Indian users in mind are all a part of the ‘Smart Offline’ feature that the company launched in India earlier this year. Currently the feature is out for testing purposes only, for the Indian user who can sign up to view it in its demo format. However, the company has suggested that it may be launching in the Indian markets later this year. Are you an entrepreneur working on innovative product solutions? Apply to Airbus BizLab accelerator and speed up the transformation of your ideas into valuable businesses. Applications closing shortly. Click here to apply now! 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp Tags Apple Apple Inc. Facebook Google Google Play Music Play Music store YouTube About the author Sanjana Ray Heralding from Kolkata, and now a brave Mumbai resident. I have worked as a junior reporter for The Telegraph, Kolkata (t2 and Metro) and also been a freelancer/global editorial contributor for The Australian National Review (Digital and now Newspaper). I can ramble on history, food, and psychological thrillers. Write your story Share your stories with us and inspire others like you! Never Miss a Story — Follow Us Most Popular Popular Ex-RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had his ‘reservations’ on the currency ban Popular The billion-dollar heiress with a mattress in her office and ‘waitressing’ on her resume: Ananya Birla Popular Why you should refuse to provide proof of your previous salary Popular Demonetisation -- the media’s big miss Popular Did RBI ask banks to calibrate ATMs for Rs 100 notes a week before demonetisation? Popular Meet the 26-year-old Indian 'chai walli' who has become Australia’s Businesswoman of the Year Popular Engineer who inspired Aamir Khan’s role in '3 Idiots' gets international award Popular How will the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 note ban impact your business? Popular GST registration opens: procedure to enroll for GST registration by existing taxpayers Popular SBI writes off Vijay Mallya's loan of Rs 1,200 cr Popular 5 things that make you look unprofessional at a job interview Sign Up for the daily YS Newsletter for all the latest updates Your Story About us Contact us Faqs Privacy Jobs@ys Partner Events Terms & Conditions Team YS Testimonials Disclaimer Advertise Code of Conduct © 2016 YourStory Media Private Limited. All rights reserved.
by Jason Snell & Dan Moren MENU About Advertise Archive Podcasts Membership Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews About Advertise Archive Membership Podcasts Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews This week's sponsor MailRoute - The experts at email security. Protect yourself from spam and viruses and get 10% off for life. By Jason Snell September 26, 2016 4:01 PM PT Messages on iOS 10: Better features, worse usability I like a whole lot of what Apple’s trying to do with Messages in iOS 10. Message-sending is the killer app of smartphones, and Apple’s text-and-photos approach to messaging was too basic. With iOS 10, Messages is fun again. I love those stickers. They’re silly, sure, but they’re a ton of fun. And effects! Don’t get me started. Sending the word balloons, but with the Lasers effect? It’s the best. I really do enjoy sending messages with those effects, though I admit that my enjoyment is almost entirely ironic. It doesn’t matter. They’re silly and fun. But here’s the thing: Apple has packed tons of fun things into Messages in iOS 10—but the interface itself has broken down. No, Messages isn’t as inscrutable as Snapchat, but it’s not what I’d call a well-designed app. It’s an app that’s full of features, but too many features are impossible to discover. Overall, Messages for iOS 10 is just way too complicated. Let’s start with the blue up arrow, which has replaced the Send button. Its placement, where the old Send button was, is probably enough to get across what you do when you tap it, but I’ve seen numerous people upgrade to iOS 10 and then get confused how to send a simple text message. What’s worse than the arrow itself is what’s hidden behind the arrow. If you use 3D Touch (or touch and hold on non-3D-Touch-capable devices), you get access to all those effects—four effects that animate the bubble you’re sending, and five that animate the entire message window. Those effects are fun, and once you know to use 3D Touch they’re pretty easy to send (though if your grip’s not secure, you could find yourself pressing the send button instead of bringing up the effects window). What about discovery? There’s simply no way, short of trial and error, for someone to figure out how to send effects. This is a problem with a lot of the design of iOS 10, where there are lots of extra features concealed a tap or swipe away, but without any indication that there’s anything more you can do on that screen. (Try to toggle shuffle on and off in Music. You have to know to scroll the album art up to reveal the additional controls, but how would you know? Again, once you know the feature is there, it’s pretty nifty—but it’s just frustrating unless you are in on the secret.) On the iPad, there’s an ink button parked on the keyboard. Tap it, and you get a white area where you can draw a message as if you were writing in ink. I don’t really understand the rationale for placing that feature inside a software keyboard, and I always forget that it’s there, but that’s where Apple has put it. On the iPhone, it’s even weirder—you get to the interface by turning your phone on its side so it’s in landscape orientation, at which point the writing space appears. All the other features are located under a gray greater-than symbol to the left of the text input area. Tap that symbol and you’ll see three different symbols—a camera, a heart with two fingers, and the somewhat familiar App Store logo. The camera icon is clear enough, though you have to swipe to the right to reveal that you have access to a full-screen camera view as well as the traditional photo-library picker. The Digital Touch view (the heart with two fingers) has been imported from the Apple Watch, and combined with a video-camera feature. I’m willing to accept that this is the most Snapchat-like of all Messages features, and that someone my daughter’s age might find it awesome. I find it a little confusing. You can tap a carat icon to take the Digital Touch panel full screen, so you can draw an animated messages in a larger space. There’s an animated panel just above it that shows you what different finger gestures will do, and if you tap it, a help page will slide up. For a simple, fun feature, it’s not so simple. Then there’s the app store. I like the idea of a Messages app store, full of sticker packs and apps that can integrate the intelligence of standalone apps with the freewheeling conversation of a text message. But the complexity of this interface is pretty breathtaking. Here’s how to direct someone to the Messages App Store: Tap the gray greater-than sign, then the App Store icon, then the four-circles icon in the bottom left corner of the screen, then the icon with a plus symbol that’s labeled Store. Four taps to get to the App Store seems like a lot, but there it is. Finally, let’s talk about the message window itself. Stickers can very easily cover your conversation, and it’s not obvious how to get them out of the way to read a text. The Tap Back feature, which lets you give a quick reaction of one of six icons to any given message, is invisible unless you go looking for it—or activate it accidentally. I like Apple’s instincts in transforming Messages like it has in iOS 10. But the interface is in need of a lot of refinement. Some features aren’t at all discoverable, and others are buried behind complex chains of icon taps and slide-up interfaces. (I’m also not sure why Digital Touch and the ink-writing feature are different.) There’s a lot of fun stuff here, but for more people to embrace it, they need to be able to find it and use it with ease. A messaging app shouldn’t be boring—but it also shouldn’t be hard to use. In iOS 10, Apple has traded one problem for another. See more iOS 10 coverage. [If you appreciate articles like this one, help us continue doing Six Colors (and get some fun benefits) by becoming a Six Colors subscriber.] Ads via the Deck Copyright © 2014-2016 The Incomparable Inc.   Sponsorship Info | RSS | Twitter | Search | My Account
null
Home Send a Tip Giveaways @appmodo iPadmodo Appmodo iPhone Android BlackBerry Windows Phone Reviews Games How To Free Apps Send a Tip Twitter RSS XEZI: Story Mode for iOS and Apple Watch will launch on September 29 By Adam on Sep 27, 2016 at 8:03 am Istanbul, Turkey – Inspired by classic choose-your-own-adventure books, creators of XEZI: A Silk Road Adventure, XEZI Studios is excited to announce a new text adventure for iOS and Apple Watch on September 29. XEZI: Story Mode is a text adventure spin-off from XEZI: A Silk Road Adventure, featuring an remastered and extended story with new characters, more branches and brand new endings. You play as a Silk Road merchant on a journey to stop a mysterious incoming plague, and to save the world or save yourself, depending on your choices. Only clue our hero has is the word ‘XEZI’. XEZI: Story Mode is a game that brings seldom explored era of ancient Silk Road to life. An extensive research has been done while developing the game to keep things like cities, traded goods, and daily life of people as historically accurate as possible. Story reflects different cultures like Chinese, Sogdian, Roman, and their different norms. Features: * Shape your character, choose your past and future * Make long reaching, though moral choices and face serious consequences * You can save the world or ruin everything irreversibly * A branching story with five unique endings * A story filled with dark humor (if you look for it) * Meet unreliable characters with personal agendas * Immersive, historically accurate 9th Century Silk Road based on extensive research Technical Details: * Native Apple Watch support, so you can play it without pairing it with your iPhone * Slide Over and Split View support on iPad Air 2 and iPad Pro * Use 3D Touch on character portraits to see their descriptions * You can change text size for your reading pleasure * Continue from an another device with iCloud support Language Support: * English Device Requirements: * iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch * Requires iOS 8.0 or later * Apple Watch app requires watchOS 2.2 or later XEZI: Story Mode will launch on September 29, 2016 for Apple Watch and iOS. XEZI: Story Mode YouTube Video (Trailer) YouTube Video (Apple Watch Gameplay) Screenshot ( Apple Watch ) Press Kit (zip) XEZI: Story Mode is developed by XEZI Studios in Istanbul. Previously worked on the XEZI: A Silk Road Adventure, a game where ancient Silk Road is simulated in detail with an interactive story, the studio decided to focus on text adventures. Currently, the team is working on an another text adventure for Apple Watch. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2016 Yusuf and Firat Turk. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPod and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. Filed: Press Releases Recent Comments Latest Press Releases Santa Claws – Monster Mash 1.0 – Free and Festive iOS Game Posted on Nov 18, 2016 at 4:33 am Ben Software releases new CCTV iPhone, iPad and Apple TV app Posted on Nov 18, 2016 at 3:48 am Rapid Turtle Games releases Oil, Inc. for iOS – Free Idle/Clicker Game Posted on Nov 18, 2016 at 2:33 am Mobile Creators releases The Tea App – Visual Guide for Specialty Tea Posted on Nov 18, 2016 at 2:18 am Just Released – Avadon 3: The Warborn HD, Fantasy Adventure for iPad Posted on Nov 18, 2016 at 2:03 am Announcing Hail Yes Black for iOS Posted on Nov 17, 2016 at 9:03 am More from Latest Press Releases Other Links • iPadmodo • AppChatter • AppTrailers About Appmodo Appmodo is a game review and mobile applications blog covering applications, games, utilities, hardware, accessories, news, and more for the Apple iPhone, Apple iPod Touch, Apple iPad, Android, Windows Phone, and BlackBerry. Editorial Director Chris Duke © Copyright 2016 Duke Networks, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Home | About | Contact | Send a Tip
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Check Get out of Apple stock before it slides 20% this year, analyst says Sofia Pitt | @sofia_pitt Wednesday, 28 Sep 2016 | 8:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Top trend tech plays </p> <p>Cyrus Mewawalla, CM Research, discusses tech&#039;s hot topics, including a possible suitor for Twitter, investing in artificial intelligence, the &quot;internet of things,&quot; and tax reform.</p> Top trend tech plays    Wednesday, 28 Sep 2016 | 5:16 AM ET | 01:06 Apple is up 18 percent for the quarter, but CM Research rates the stock a sell, and said the tech giant will see its shares plunge by 20 percent this year. "We've had a buy for about five years, but right now we think there's a gap between the next big blockbuster product and maturing iPhone sales. That means that there's more downside than upside at the moment," CM Research CEO Cyrus Mewawalla told CNBC's "Worldwide Exchange" on Wednesday. Thematically, Apple is in good shape given its pipeline of projects, according to Mewawalla. He said the company's potential projects like driverless cars and products using artificial intelligence set it up for success in the long term. The key issue over the next year for Apple is iPhone sales, Mewawalla said. "IPhone sales are set to slow down more than analysts think, especially in China." He sees the Chinese government protecting its own phone market, even more than in the past. The other unknown: Apple's tax problem, he said. The European Commission's $14.5 billion tax fine isn't the only penalty Apple and the whole tech sector will have to deal with, according to Mewawalla. "Japan is now considering taxing Apple quite a bit for profits made in Ireland, and a lot of other countries will do that, too." "That's going to have a kind of 'kickoff' effect in the whole of tech," he added. Mewawalla does believe Apple could appeal the fine, but it wouldn't get off scot-free. He sees effective tax rates on tech companies going from 4 percent on overseas earnings to 10 percent in three to four years. Sofia PittSegment Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Health Insurance Company Aetna Subsidizes Apple Watch To Boost Health And Wellness Of Employees 28 September 2016, 8:00 am EDT By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Wearable Tech - The Rise Of Smartwatches, FitBands, Smartglasses And MoreNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Aetna, the U.S. health insurer covering 23 million people, will soon start subsidizing the Apple Watch to promote health and wellness. The company will also offer free Apple Watches to all 50,000 of its employees. Pictured here is the Apple Watch Series 1.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Health insurer Aetna wants to promote health by subsidizing the cost of an Apple Watch for customers who agree to enter wellness plans. For Apple, this is a major win considering that it just got an important health care backer on its side. With its fitness-oriented Apple Watch, Apple can promote a healthier lifestyle — and Aetna wants to help. Aetna says it plans to subsidize Apple Watch so that its customers can use the smartwatch with new apps to manage care and medication use, as well as promote wellness. The health insurer will start offering Apple Watches to some of its biggest customers this fall and expand the effort later on. "Beginning this fall, Aetna will make Apple Watch available to select large employers and individual customers during open enrollment season, and Aetna will be the first major health care company to subsidize a significant portion of the Apple Watch cost, offering monthly payroll deductions to make covering the remaining cost easier," says the health insurance company. Aetna did not say just how much of the cost it will subsidize, but any amount is welcome considering that the Apple Watch costs nearly $400. And that's not for the highest-end version. With the subsidies, customers will be able to get part of the cost covered by Aetna and pay the rest in monthly installments deducted from their payroll. The associated applications will remind users when to take their meds, order refills, go to health checkups, get insurance information and more. The apps will also work on iPhones and iPads and will be able to link to Apple Wallet for payments. In addition to this Apple Watch customer program, Aetna will also provide Apple's smartwatch to all of its employees completely for free. This means that all 50,000 Aetna employees will be getting an Apple Watch as part of the company's new wellness program, encouraging them to lead healthier lives. Apple, for its part, has been making efforts to play a bigger role in health care and promote health overall, and the new Apple Watch subsidies from Aetna may be of great help in this aspect. The Apple Watch is definitely not the most accessible smartwatch on the market, but a subsidized price would make it more affordable to a wider pool of customers. The subsidized Apple Watch initiative will kick off this year, but the iOS-exclusive health apps will not be available until 2017. TAG Aetna, Apple Watch, Health, Wellness, wearable technology © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Fitbit Charge 2 Now Available: Here's How Much You Need To Spend For This Fitness Tracker Apple Has Big Plans For HealthKit And Your Health: New Fitness Apps For Apple Watch, Improved Health Recording Five Best Apple Watch 2 Alternatives For iPhone Owners Apple Watch Series 2: Top 5 Reasons Why The Smartwatch Is Worth Buying Apple Watch Rules The Smartwatch Market: The Apple Watch 2 Should Only Bolster Leading Position: Kantar From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted 48 Patents Today Covering Optical Connectors, Cellular Connectivity for Apple Watch & more | Main | Why is Foxconn Building a Smartphone Plant in India for OnePlus and not Apple? » September 28, 2016 Touch Panel Orders for iPhone 7 now 30% Higher than Expected   In September 14, Patently Apple posted a report titled "Supply Chain Rumor Claims Apple is Aiming for 100 Million iPhones for 2016, a New Record." Inching closer to that goal, Apple's supply chain is reporting today that component orders for the iPhone components have increased by 20-30% higher than expected and it's only the end of September. If the demand or the iPhone remains strong, Apple could hit a new record. Right now they're on course for over 85 million.   Touch panel makers TPK Holding and General Interface Solution (GIS) shared the touch panel orders for iPhone 7 devices previously, but Apple appeared to have pulled in more orders from GIS recently, the sources noted.   GIS, a subsidiary of Foxconn Electronics, is expected to see its revenues grow significantly in the fourth quarter, the sources added. However, TPK said that touch panel orders from its major clients for the fourth quarter have not been fixed completely, and some adjustments may be made later.   Any additional adjustments to the upside would put Apple's iPhone 7 shipment expectations closer to Apple's original goal of 100 million units. Even as it stands now, Apple is already bucking the downward trend in global smartphone sales.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 28, 2016 at 05:30 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple US health insurer to subsidize Apple Watch buys AFP Relax News•September 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share US health insurer to subsidize Apple Watch buysMore A major US health insurance company on Monday said it will help buy Apple smartwatches for customers as part of a move to integrate the gadgets into wellness management programs. Aetna announced that, in the coming open enrollment period, it will make Apple Watch buys an option for large employers and individual customers, becoming the first major health care company to subsidize "a significant portion" of the cost of an Apple Watch. Aetna would let people pay off the balances of Apple Watch buys using monthly payroll deduction plans if they wish. Aetna describes itself as one of the nation's leading diversified health care benefits companies, serving an estimated 46.3 million people. Along with the customer program, Aetna said that it planned to give each of its nearly 50,000 employees an Apple Watch if they take part in a company wellness program incorporating the internet-connected wrist wear. "We are incredibly excited to use iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch to create simple, intuitive and personalized technology solutions that will transform the health and wellness experience for our members," Aetna chief executive Mark Bertolini said in a release. "This is only the beginning -- we look forward to using these tools to improve health outcomes and help more people achieve more healthy days." Apple Watch devices synch wirelessly to iPhones. Aetna said that, with support from Apple, it is planning health initiatives exclusively tied to the California-based companies iOS mobile operating system. Initiatives will include health apps tailored for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, according to the insurance company. "We are thrilled that Aetna will be helping their members and employees take greater control of their health using Apple Watch," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said in the joint release. "Aetna's new initiatives will be a powerful force toward creating better customer experiences in health care." Features in Aetna health apps, planned for release early next year, were to include help understanding illnesses or remembering to take medicines. Apple Wallet digital billfold would be incorporated into Aetna apps, to let people pay medical bills or prescription costs. Apple has built features into Apple Watch, and the operating software for its mobile devices, to make them potentially powerful and personalized tools for individual health as well as broader medical research. Global smartwatch shipments soared eight-fold -- from five million units in 2014 to 40.3 million in 2015, according to estimates by Gartner consultancy. But the pace of growth has since slowed, with 60.4 million watches to be shipped this year and 66.3 million in 2017. Apple released its second generation smartwatch this month, with strong emphasis on supporting healthy lifestyles. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null

Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Next Year’s iPhone Will Be Called The iPhone 8 [Rumor] By Tyler Lee on 09/28/2016 04:54 PST 2017 will mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, which is why if you believe the rumors, Apple has stuck to a familiar design with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and that they are reserving a brand new design for next year’s handset as a form of celebration for the iPhone hitting the 10th anniversary mark. So does that mean that next year’s iPhone will be called the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus? Turns out maybe that isn’t the case. A report from Business Insider (via 9to5Mac) has revealed that 2017’s iPhone will actually be called the iPhone 8, and apparently they learnt this from an actual Apple employee in their Israel offices. According to the report, “Speaking to Business Insider outside Apple’s Herzliya office at Maskit Street 12, the Apple employee said staff in Israel are working on what’s coming ‘next’ in Apple’s product line, giving a specific mention to ‘iPhone 8.’” Of course whether you can believe the authenticity of the report is entirely up to, but we wouldn’t be surprised if it were true. Apple has already disregarded previous traditions by keeping to the design of its past two iPhones for, and with 2017 being the 10th anniversary, we guess it wouldn’t be a stretch to think that Apple could disregard their traditions again by skipping the “S” series and moving up an entire number, but either way it is still a bit too early to tell, so do take it with a grain of salt. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2016-11-17 2017’s iPhone Dual Lens Could Get Image Stabilization Upgrade 2016-11-17 Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program For The iPhone 6 Plus 2016-11-17 Security Firm Says iPhones Send Call History To Apple 2016-11-17 Apple Looking Into Monitoring Parkinson’s Disease With Apple Watch 2016-11-17 Apple Might Not Have Enough OLEDs For 2017’s iPhone Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury ES Magazine Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Food for London London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News London Apple to create stunning new London HQ at Battersea Power Station JOnathan Prynn Wednesday 28 September 2016 11:58 BST Riverside: the Battersea development Apple is to create a spectacular new London headquarters at Battersea Power Station in a massive coup for the developers behind the £9 billion project. The iPhone and iPad maker will move 1,400 staff from eight sites around the capital into what it calls “a new Apple campus” at the Grade II* listed former electricity generator. Its employees will occupy all six floors of office space in the brick “cathedral of power”, which is being painstakingly restored after 33 years standing derelict on the banks of the Thames. In a statement to the Standard, Apple said it was looking forward to the 2021 opening of “our new London campus” as staff relocate to “this magnificent new development at one of the city’s best-known landmarks”. It added: “This is a great opportunity to have our entire team working and collaborating in one location while supporting the renovation of a neighbourhood rich with history.” Apple’s main European HQ will remain at Cork, Ireland, where it employs 6,000 people, but the Battersea site will be one of its biggest in the world outside America. The Californian giant, the world’s most valuable company, will be the largest single tenant in the 42-acre complex of homes, offices, shops and leisure facilities. Aerial footage of the new Battersea Power Station redevelopment The deal is understood to have taken about a year to negotiate. It will be seen as a major symbolic boost for the Malaysian-backed regeneration amid concerns about stalling foreign investment in the vast Nine Elms development zone on the South Bank. Battersea Power Station Development Company’s chief executive Rob Tincknell said: “We are delighted Apple chose to make this their home in 2021. “It is a testament to not only the fantastic building but the wider regeneration of the 42-acre site, which offers a carefully curated mix of homes, businesses and leisure amid extraordinary open spaces and new transport links. New tenants:Apple will move into Battersea Power Station “It has always been our clear objective to create one of London’s most thriving new communities and this commitment from Apple will undoubtedly help us achieve this goal.” Apple is leasing 500,000 sq ft in total, making it one of the biggest single office deals signed in London outside the City and Docklands in the past 20 years. It is expected all the firm’s “central function” staff in London in areas such as finance and human resources will move to the power station. Apple has 2,530 staff in total in the capital, including about 1,100 working in its stores. It has taken enough space for 3,000 employees, giving it room to hire more as its operation grows in London. The designers of the office space have not yet been appointed. Apple’s biggest London office currently is in Hanover Street, Mayfair, near its flagship Regent Street store but the firm has seven others in Greater London including in James Street above the Covent Garden store. Its new campus will represent about 40 per cent of the office space at the power station site. Read more Battersea power station bans big chains from £9bn 'village' launch Apple will occupy the top six floors inside the former boiler house around a huge central atrium. There will also be three floors of shops, 253 apartments around a “garden square in the sky”, a 2,000-seater auditorium and cinemas in a scheme designed by London architects Wilkinson Eyre. The scheme is the fourth attempt to save Sir Giles Gilbert Scott’s crumbling Art Deco masterpiece since it stopped powering and lighting London in 1983.Three have floundered but the latest owners — a consortium of Malaysian shareholders Sime Darby, SP Setia and the Employees Provident Fund — have stayed committed to the project since buying the apparently jinxed riverside site in 2012. Hundreds of residents expect to move into the first completed apartment block — known as Circus West — in early December, with shops and restaurants there scheduled to open next spring. Stars known to have bought properties at Battersea Power Station include Sting and adventurer Bear Grylls. A new Zone 1 Northern Line Tube station under construction is expected to be completed in 2020. Mayor Sadiq Khan said: “I’m delighted Apple is moving into Battersea Power Station, helping to generate new jobs and economic prosperity for London. “It is a further sign London is open to the world’s biggest brands and the leading city for trade and investment.” Chancellor Philip Hammond said: “Apple’s decision further strengthens London’s position as a global technology hub and demonstrates how the UK is at the forefront of the next steps in the tech revolution. It’s another vote of confidence in the UK economy.” Wandsworth council’s leader Ravi Govindia said: “I’m very pleased to give Apple a warm welcome. They will become the largest employer in the borough and we are hugely excited that they will play a keen and active role in our community.” More about: London Battersea Power Station Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Ola Gets Siri and Maps Integration for iOS 10 Users  Press Trust of India, 28 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit One of iOS 10's biggest new features was the opening up of the Siri voice-based virtual assistant to third-party apps. Alongside SiriKit, Apple also unveiled MapKit to allow third-party integration with Apple Maps. One of the first such integrations was with Uber, and now its biggest rival in India - Ola - has rolled out the same functionality, including Apple Maps support. iPhone users running iOS 10 with the latest version of Ola can now ask Siri, Apple's virtual assistant, to book cabs for them. The update, which also includes Apple Maps integration, marks Ola's growing focus on making cab booking even more accessible and convenient for iPhone users in India, Ola said in a statement. (Also see: iOS 10: Ten Cool Things to Try in Apple's Latest Mobile OS)"Using just their voice, iPhone users running iOS 10 can simply say, 'Hey Siri, get me an Olacab' to book their next ride," it added. "Technology is at the core of all our solutions aimed at providing enhanced mobility to our customers. Integrating our app with iOS 10 is a step towards redefining customer experience. We are proud to be one of the early adopters of Sirikit and Mapkit in the world," Ola co-founder and CTO Ankit Bhati said. With this update, Apple users will also get access to Ola directly from Apple Maps while searching for their destination, he added. Besides, Ola has launched an independent app on Apple Watch to ensure a consistent experience across all Apple devices. Tags: Apple, iPhone, iOS 10, Ola, Siri, Update, Apple Maps, Apps, Apple Watch, Ride Hailing Google Play Music Service Finally Comes to India How to Use Jio4GVoice to Make Calls on Reliance Jio and All You Need to Know Ola Gets Siri and Maps Integration for iOS 10 Users     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Google Play Gift Card In Digital Entertainment Buy Now Rs. 1,500 Hungama Music Card In Digital Entertainment Buy Now Rs. 269 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 48° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Sunny. High around 60F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Merrimack Valley Rivera: 'Sanctuary city' fight will not affect Lawrence +9 By Paul Tennant ptennant@eagletribune.com   2 hrs ago Giving small businesses a place to grow Kick off the holidays in Methuen Haverhill's annual Christmas Stroll Dec. 3 Winter Farmers Market is Saturday Merrimack Valley Police Log Police shelve razors, raise money to fight cancer Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? News Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats +3 By Bill Burt bburt@eagletribune.com 2 hrs ago RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: PMA soccer, Haverhill girls cross country Saluting Our Area’s Unsung Heroes State swim meets on Sunday Tournament Schedule Trout edges Betts, joins Bryant for league MVP crowns MVC Swimming: Central duo share MVP honors Dubnyk gets league-best 4th shutout as Wild beat Bruins 1-0 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Souza-Roy Engagement Oct 16, 2016 Noyes Anniversary Jackson Anniversary Evangelista-Read Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 1 hr ago Sound Off Our view: Saving historic homes: Don't demolish, deconstruct Sound Off Diana Sroka Rickert: Distraught by Trump's win? Advocate for smaller government Our view: New pot law a challenge for cities and towns Sound Off Letter: Blame the media for Hillary Clinton's defeat Letter: A month to honor home care and hospice professionals Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Men charged in ATM thefts held on $1M combined By Jill Harmacinski jharmacinski@eagletribune.com Sep 28, 2016 SALEM, Mass. — Bail was set at $500,000 each for two Lawrence men charged with breaking into ATM machines in three states, and an Apple store where they allegedly stole $120,000 worth of merchandise. Efrain Montero, 40, of 109 River Pointe Way, and David Barker, of 21 Jordan St., were arrested and charged in August with the Apple store break-in and ATM burglaries in Massachusetts, Vermont and Maine over an eight-month span. Both were arraigned in Lawrence District Court and bail was set at $500,000 each. Montero and Barker were subsequently indicted by the Essex County grand jury on larceny, burglary, money laundering and theft charges. The breaks netted more than $300,000, according to investigators. The indictments mean their criminal cases now move to Salem Superior Court, where they penalties they face if convicted will be more severe. Bail for both Montero and Barker was again set at $500,000 Tuesday after the Superior Court arraignments, according to District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett's office. The duo was arrested this summer after early morning raids at their homes, where police Lawrence and state police seized $82,400 in cash, a 9mm Ruger handgun, burglary tools, gloves and masks they allegedly used during the break-ins. Six cars also were seized, including a luxury BMW, a prosecutor said.  That morning, police also raided a second home of Montero's at 185 High St. in Lawrence. Montero and Barker allegedly were part of a "organized retail crime" operation with a "breaking-and-entering crew" that scouted locations and disabled surveillance cameras as they approached the Apple store and ATMs, he said. The crew broke through walls adjoining ATMs, disabled alarms and then retreated to see if police would respond, Assistant District Attorney Philip Mallard said. Montero and Barker were allegedly involved in ATM break-ins in Wellesley, Billerica and Hanover, Mass., Killington, Vt. and Berwick, Maine. Most of the breaks netted tens of thousands of dollars. However, in Berwick, Maine, the crew allegedly escaped with $172,000, Mallard said. On Christmas 2015, Montero gave two of his children computers allegedly stolen from an Apple store in Mansfield, Mass., two months earlier. The children registered the gifts online with Apple, providing police with a digital trail to the stolen merchandise, Mallard said in court this summer. Some $120,000 worth of iPhones, iPads and computers were stolen from the Apple store, he said. Also implicated in the thefts were Jonathan Santos, 34, of 20 Sherman St., Lawrence and Ricardo Tejeda, 35, of 123 Lowell St., who were arrested separate from Montero and Barker on warrants. Montero and Barker are due back in Salem Superior Court on Nov. 16. Follow staff reporter Jill Harmacinski on Twitter @EagleTribJill. We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore condos offer beach living year-round By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Advertising correspondent Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: Lawrence man had 100 grams of heroin in Plaistow Fire forces evacuation of Lawrence school NH school bus drivers to vote on possible strike tonight Benedetti's Deli eyes expansion to Plaistow One dead in apparent overdose at Plaistow store Fire in historic Methuen building displaces a dozen people Longtime Haverhill journalist Tom Vartabedian dies Andover man with rare cancer finds strength in numbers NH's 'Donald Trump' pleads guilty to marijuana possession 5-car crash on I-495 halts traffic Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability By Naina Khedekar 3   Comments WhatsApp video calling: Initial impressions after using the feature for 3 weeks By Rehan Hooda 2   Comments OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: Here are 5 differences between the two flagships By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments Facebook and Google fake news: The rise of echo chambers, and the need to shatter them By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments Demonetisation: 4 Apps and services to find ATMs, banks with cash near you By Naina Khedekar 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> The Apple iPhone 8 is being developed at a research facility in Israel: Report #Apple iPhone 8 Image: Nickolay Lamm and Matteo Gianni 0 By tech2 News Staff /  28 Sep 2016 , 16:33 An Apple employee has revealed that the company is developing iPhone 8 hardware at a facility in Israel. This employee also added that the employees at the Israeli facility work on all new Apple products. This information was revealed to a Business Insider reporter in Israel. The Apple office in question is located in Herzliya, Israel, just 15km from Tel Aviv. While the employee didn’t reveal much information on the devices being worked on, he apparently used the words “iPhone 8,” lending credence to rumours that Apple’s upcoming iPhone will be a radically redesigned iPhone 8 rather than an iPhone 7s. Rumours suggest that the new iPhone will have an edge-to-edge screen with curved glass, a flexible OLED panel and that it will use an all-glass body rather than an aluminium one. Business Insider reports that the employee solders components for Apple and that he revealed that the new iPhone will be “different” from existing iPhones. He also mentioned that the new iPhone will have a better camera and that nothing is assembled in Israel. The reporter asked around and determined that employees at the Israeli facility work on the hardware side, “verifications, something like that.” The facility reportedly works on the chipset, storage system and camera systems used by Apple’s iPhones. Tim Cook also claims that the facility is the second-largest research and development facility that is maintained by Apple. The facility isn’t Apple’s only facility in Israel as they recently acquired imaging firm, LinX. Tags: Apple, Apple iPhone, Apple research, iPhone, iPhone 8, R&D facility, Research and Development X Recommended For You Leaks and rumours: Samsung Galaxy S8, Apple iPhone 8, Xiaomi Redmi 4 and more Apple’s three ’10th anniversary’ iPhone 8 models to feature all-glass designs Apple just launched iPhone 7 but some people are waiting for iPhone 8 Here’s why the Apple iPhone 8 is a bigger deal than the upcoming iPhone 7 Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Amazon Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video to debut in India in December, thanks to The Grand Tour #Shoulder Surfing Nov 18, 2016 Demonetisation: Beware of the shoulder surfing hacking technique when using banking applications #Virtual Reality Nov 18, 2016 Chimp experiencing VR is funny and sad at the same time #iPhone Nov 18, 2016 Apple iPhone lock screen bypass discovered, devices with iOS 10.2 Beta to iOS 8.0 affected #Microsoft Nov 18, 2016 Microsoft blames Nokia layoffs for decline in women employees SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
null
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Apple developing iPhone 8 in Israel - report Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future 28/09/2016, 13:58 Globes correspondent Sources at Apple's development center in Herzliya told "Business Insider" that they are working on the iPhone 8, which will be released in 2017. Apple is developing hardware for the iPhone 8 at its Herzliya development center in Israel, "Business Insider" reports. The iPhone 8 will be released in 2017 with a radical redesign, an employee in Herzliya told the website. "Some hardware for the iPhone 8 is being created in Herzliya, Israel, according to a local Apple employee, who said employees in Israel work on all of Apple's new products," Business Insider writes. The website added, "The employee, whose identity is being concealed by Business Insider, solders components for Apple. This person didn't give too much away about the new handset other than it will be "different" to the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 7, which have been criticized for being too similar to their predecessors." RELATED ARTICLES Apple to expand Israel development center Tim Cook inaugurates Apple Israel headquarters "Speaking to Business Insider outside Apple's Herzliya office at Maskit Street 12, the Apple employee said staff in Israel are working on what's coming "next" in Apple's product line, giving a specific mention to "iPhone 8." "The worker used the term "iPhone 8" unprompted in our conversation. That was interesting because the next logical name for the iPhone to be released in 2017 should be "iPhone 7s." iPhone 8 isn't due until 2018. Apple has a two-year development cycle for new iPhones. However, some observers have noted that the iPhone 7 was a largely incremental update." Apple declined to comment on the report. Apple's development center in Herzliya near Tel Aviv is its largest outside of the US. The center was inaugurated by Apple CEO Tim Cook 18 months ago and is based on the $350 million acquisition of flash memory storage developer Anobit in 2012. Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on September 28, 2016 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> Apple Israel Apple to expand Israel development center עוד דעות >> Globes correspondent     Tim Cook inaugurates Apple Israel headquarters עוד דעות >> Tzahi Hoffman     Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Israel Business Conference 2016
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 28 AAPL: 113.95 0.86 Sketchy report from Apple offices in Israel says 2017 phone is being referred to as the iPhone 8 Ben Lovejoy - 2 months ago @benlovejoy iPhone iPhone 8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While Apple’s naming convention would normally suggest that next year’s phone would be the iPhone 7s, all the rumors are pointing to a fairly radical redesign – with an all-glass casing and full-screen face with embedded Home button the main changes expected. For that reason, it seems virtually certain that Apple will break the convention. Various names have been suggested as possible candidates, including iPhone 8, iPhone X and even just iPhone. Now a sketchy report from one of Apple’s offices in Israel claims that the phone is being referred to as the iPhone 8. Speaking to Business Insider outside Apple’s Herzliya office at Maskit Street 12, [an] Apple employee said staff in Israel are working on what’s coming “next” in Apple’s product line, giving a specific mention to “iPhone 8.” The worker used the term “iPhone 8” unprompted in our conversation. Tim Cook attended the opening of the Herzliya offices last year where around 800 Apple employees work. It’s believed the facility works on chip design, with Israel a key location for chip development. The offices are close to a NAND flash chip specialist Apple acquired in 2011, with other chip experts working at an Apple R&D center in Haifa. However, while there’s no doubting the importance of the facility, there’s no reason to believe that its employees have any insight into the name of next year’s iPhone. Naming is a marketing decision handled back in Cupertino, with Apple using codenames for products in development. It’s far more likely that employees working on the project are simply assuming that will be the name and referring to it informally by that name. Guides iPhone View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     MacID update brings improvements for iOS 10, watchOS 3, and macOS Sierra By Anthony Bouchard, Sep 28, 2016 Tweet 5 Comments An important update for the popular MacID utility for iOS and macOS has been released this week with improvements for iOS 10, watchOS 3, and macOS Sierra. The utility is known for its ability to let you securely unlock your Mac with the Touch ID sensor on your iPhone or iPad, but it also has built-in features that let you unlock your Mac with your Apple Watch over Bluetooth or with a Tap to Unlock gesture on the trackpad. The new version 1.3.5 update is available for both the iOS app and the Mac app, which are each separate downloads. New for iOS and watchOS New in the iOS version of the app, MacID now has an updated look and feel for the widget that appears in Spotlight and Notification Center so it blends in better with many of your stock widgets. The iOS app also has a new animation when tapping on the Settings button that runs smoother on older devices and gets rid of an annoying animation flicker that affected users after installing iOS 10. The rest of the update seems to focus mostly on the Apple Watch and brings a much more reliable complication to the Apple Watch, as well as added support for the Dock in watchOS 3 that now lets you keep track of your iPhone’s network connection. The full change log for the iOS and watchOS MacID app is provided below: •  MacID for iOS’ Settings “ripple” animation flicker on iOS 10 is fixed and replaces the blur effect with a color from the current color scheme. Not as pretty, granted, but it sure does perform better on older devices and stops the flickering. •  Updates the MacID Widget to look nicer on iOS 10. •  Updated the MacID Widget to look a bit better in collapsed mode. •  The MacID for watchOS complication has been massively improved for reliability. MacID was blitzing through it’s daily allocation of updates from the system way to quickly, and that’s been changed. You can see this yourself because: •  You can now see how many complication updates are remaining today in MacID for iOS’ Settings under “Watch” if you’re on iOS 10. •  Seeing as watchOS 3 does away with Glances, your iPhone’s network connection info is now is now displayed on the main screen of MacID for watchOS, which updates as you scroll to it in the Dock. •  MacID for Apple Watch also implements some of the background refresh APIs to keep itself up to date before you get back to it. •  Removes MacID for watchOS haptic play “on load” option. Two reasons: 1, the haptic plays when the app is in the background sometimes, and 2, watchOS 3’s Dock and the new super zippy Apple Watch make this a bit redundant. (You ARE keeping MacID in the Dock on your watch, right?) •  Fixes a crash on launch when running watchOS 2.2 New for macOS The Mac version of the MacID app has gotten its own set of improvements and in version 1.3.5. There really aren’t any new features in this release, as it focuses primarily on stability and reliability. This update does away with a graphical bug that could happen on the Lock screen while trying to use Tap to Unlock, fixes a problem that could require you to enter your macOS Sierra twice to log in, and gets rid of an issue that could cause your device to appear in the setup window. Other minor bug fixes are also present in this update; the full change log for the Mac version of the app can be found below: •  Fixes an issue where it could take two attempts to enter a password on Sierra. •  Fixes an issue where a device could wrongly show in the setup window if macOS is having trouble finding the proper MacID service. •  Fixes Tap to Unlock lock screen UI glitch. •  Reduces change that MacID for macOS (and iOS) show the German version for English users. •  Prevents proximity features from trying to activate while the device is still connected but the macOS account is currently not active. (That is, if someone else is also logged in) If you’re already a MacID user, you can download the update from the Updates tab in the App Store on your iPhone and can go to MacID (Menu Bar) → Updates → Check for Updates on your Mac to update the Mac app. If you’re not already using MacID, it’s a $3.99 download from the App Store and the Mac companion app can be downloaded for free from the developer’s website. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple seeds fourth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 and macOS Sierra to developers MacID for iOS and Mac updated with a slew of new features and fixes A closer look at Differential Privacy in iOS 10 and macOS Sierra How to use your iPhone as a mouse or trackpad Related Topics Accessories, App Store, Apple Watch, Apps, Bluetooth, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Mac, macOS, macOS Sierra, New Apps & Games, OS X, Security, Update, watchOS, watchOS 3 Viv The best app in this category. Period. Also, the developer is very responsive to issues or questions. Rechain Agree, I tried Knock a long time ago but it’s nothing compared to macID – love it! sadaN Try FingerKey chjode Now if I could just get it to work with my iPhone 7 like it did with my iPhone 6. I finally got it to detect the 7 yesterday but it won’t let me proceed past the “select your iOS device” screen. e brake Anthony, can you share this photo you had during a video showcasing the iPhone 7 a couple days back? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f8d5ceea25de800d606ea87bf65ca4069180f8f1d6f7dad85ce4b67472052301.png   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu LinkedIn SpaceX Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Mobile Operating System/ Report: iOS 10 Backups Easy to Hack Report: iOS 10 Backups Easy to Hack By Tom Brant September 26, 2016 07:38pm EST 10 Comments A Russian company that sells software for guessing iPhone passwords discovered a vulnerability in iTunes backups. Apple's iOS 10 has weaker encryption that could make it much easier to access a password-protected backup, according to a Russian company that sells software for breaking into iPhones. The vulnerability lies in local backups of devices running iOS 10, Apple's latest mobile operating system. Those backups, unlike ones saved to an iCloud account, can be accessed without certain security checks, according to Oleg Afonin of Russian software company Elcomsoft. Afonin did not share which security checks could be bypassed when accessing a local backup stored in iTunes, but suggested that their absence would enable password-guessing software to work more than 40 times faster on iOS 10 devices than on those running earlier versions. "This new vector of attack is specific to password-protected local backups produced by iOS 10 devices," Afonin wrote in a blog post. "The attack itself is only available for iOS 10 backups. Interestingly, the 'new' password verification method exists in parallel with the 'old' method, which continues to work with the same slow speeds as before." Apple devices have notoriously strong encryption, so strong that the FBI initially claimed it needed Apple's help to break into the iPhone of a suspected terrorist earlier this year. But guessing passwords remains one of the ways to bypass that encryption. "Logical acquisition (via password-protected iTunes backups) is currently the only way to extract and decrypt keychain data out of an iOS 10 device," Afonin wrote. It's possible that iOS 10's local backups don't require two-factor authentication, which would enable Elcomsoft software to guess passwords faster. //Related Articles How to Get iOS 10 How much faster? The firm's software can guess iOS 9 passwords at 150,000 passwords per second with GPU acceleration, and 6,000,000 iOS 10 passwords per second using only the CPU. Apple acknowledged the iOS 10 backup vulnerability and said it will offer a fix in an upcoming software update. "We're aware of an issue that affects the encryption strength for backups of devices on iOS 10 when backing up to iTunes on the Mac or PC," a spokesperson said in a statement. "We are addressing this issue in an upcoming security update. This does not affect iCloud backups. We recommend users ensure their Mac or PC are protected with strong passwords and can only be accessed by authorized users. Additional security is also available with FileVault whole disk encryption." Back to top Previous : T-Mobile: iOS 10 Fixed, Download Away Cyanogen to Make New Modular Mobile Operating System Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom White Male Twitter Bots Reduce Racism by Calling it Out In a study, men on Twitter reduced their racist comments by 27 percent once they were criticized by ... More » Send Texts With Amazon Alexa's New AT&T Skill There's no phone required, but you can only add up to 10 contacts. More » Airbnb Branches Out Into Vacation Planning A new 'Trips' platform offers the ability to book tours and get recommendations from locals. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Friday, November 18, 2016 22:28 (GMT+8) Taipei 28°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: LCD TV TV Samsung China Display panel Display components Display system DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news ASE-SPIL merger still under review in China and US China investment funds wooing Taiwan IC vendors Egistec October revenues surge Epileds Technologies, High Power Lighting cooperate on UV-C LEDs Digitimes Research: Use of LED chips in TV backlighting to grow slightly in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Qualcomm, Samsung collaborate on 10nm for Snapdragon 835 mobile chips NCC plans to reduce fee rates for 1GHz and above frequency band units D-Link participates in Microsoft Super Wi-Fi development HTC cooperates with Shenzhen City Government to foster VR industry Greatek 3Q16 EPS hits 8-quarter high AUO 6G China fab obtains LEED Platinum Certification Vivotek aims to hike revenue proportion from own-brand sales Arima Optoelectronics steps into AlGaInP LED chips Genesis Photonics suffers 3Q16 net operating loss for 8th quarter straight Digitimes Research: Samsung offers smart digital signage Senao revenues stay flat in October Intel announces US$250 million investment for autonomous driving AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 China market: 500 million smartphones to be shipped in 2016, says Sigmaintell Global DRAM revenues rise 15.8% in 3Q16, says DRAMeXchange Market summary 18-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8995.26 +33.04 +0.37%  TSE electronic 361.79 +2.00 +0.56%  GTSM (OTC) 119.8 -0.05 -0.04%  OTC electronic 158.08 +0.67 +0.42%  View more Around the web South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea Filing suggests Apple investing big in OLED supply, increasing capital expenditure (Nov 8) - Apple Insider Samsung raided in political corruption probe (Nov 8) - BBC News All three iPhone 8 models to have glass backs (Oct 26) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Sharp to boost LCD supply to European TV partner (Oct 14) - Nikkei Electronics Asia China's LeEco to sell smartphones, smart TVs in US (Oct 19) - Wall Street Journal Foxconn-Sharp duo wants to make OLED panels in China (Oct 16) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Apple in talks with Sharp to supply OLED screens for new iPhones (Sep 30) - Bloomberg Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan large-size LCD panels – 3Q 2016 Taiwan small- to mid-size LCD panels – 3Q 2016 Taiwan LCD monitors – 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Samsung offers smart digital signage Digitimes Research: Use of LED chips in TV backlighting to grow slightly in 2017 Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers ship 62.29 million large-size panels in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Samsung Electronics developing QD technology toward QLED More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Industrial display leader Litemax to showcase world's first resized 4K2K LCDs at InnoTrans Elo expands projected capacitive touchscreen line Merck holds Display Insight 2015 in Taiwan to showcase its new branding and latest display technologies Exhibitors from 34 countries and regions are ready for inaugural WCIIF Focusing on four innovative applications, Merck unveils future display technologies at 2015 Touch Taiwan More releases AccuTouch Five Wire Resistive Touchscreens FAN7310 LCD backlight inverter drive IC More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 AUO 65-inch 8K4K displayPhoto: Company, Aug 23. AUO 144Hz 4K gaming monitor panelPhoto: Company, Jun 3. Vibrant Corning Gorilla glassPhoto: Company, Apr 22. Samsung SUHD TVPhoto: Company, Jan 8. LG Display flexible displayPhoto: Company, Jan 8. Acer R1 series monitorPhoto: Company, Jan 8. Apple iMac all-in-one PC with new Retina displayPhoto: Company, Oct 19. Acer Predator XB1 gaming monitorPhoto: Company, Sep 11. Acer Predator Z35 gaming monitorPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Panasonic 55AX900 HDMIs are built to the latest 2.0 standard, to support native 4K feeds at 60Hz rather than the mere 30Hz you get with the HDMI 1.4.Photo: Panasonic, Dec 16. Asustek PB279Q 27-inch Ultra HD monitorPhoto: Asustek Computer, Dec 5. Dell 28-inch Ultra HD monitor features LED panel and four USB 3.0 ports.Photo: Dell, Dec 2. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Apple to push forward with In-Cell touch technology in 2015 but highly considering G/G for 2016 Digitimes Research: Touch IC developers turning to fingerprint sensors Digitimes Research: Dell high-end LCD monitors may be 24-, 27-inch models Is Quantum Dot the next big thing for the TV market? More Page 2 Apple updates iMac family with new Ultra HD and 5K Retina displays CES 2014: Asustek to showcase latest smartphones, 2-in-1 and gaming monitor Lenovo releases new ThinkCentra AIO desktops Asustek introduces MB168 Series portable USB-powered monitor Samsung introduces monitor featuring hand-tuned color calibration and quad HD display More Hot Systems Topics Quantum Dot TV technology breaking into the market LCD TV makers are responding to the challenge of OLED, with quantum dot (QD) technology, curved screens and other innovations. In order to boost consumer... Ultra HD Ultra HD is now the industry name for "4K" resolution 4K Developments in 2015 4K TVs continue to grow strong in the market and are expected to more than double in 2015. Panel makers and TV vendors alike are eying opportunities... Touch Taiwan 2014 Touch Taiwan 2014 to be held in Taipei from August 27-29. Frankly speaking Industry intros The strengths of Gorilla Glass 5: Q&A with Corning executive James Hollis Corning in late July released its latest cover glass, Gorilla Glass 5, to provide better protection... 2016 will be the year of USB Type C and DisplayPort is along for the ride: Q&A with Analogix At this point most consumers are not that familiar with the USB Type C specification but it has the... Rising competition from China supply chain: Q&A with Compal president Ray Chen Compal Electronics was one of the pioneers that relocated its major production base to China from Taiwan... Gaining an advantage in emerging markets: Q&A with India-based handset player Micromax Sales of handsets in the India market reached 61.07 million units in the first quarter of 2014, with... More interviews LCD TV overview - Jun 2011 Growth of the global LCD TV market was not as strong as expected in 2010 as the market continued to feel the aftershocks of the economic recession that had hit... A glimpse into the e-book reader market - May 2010 In 2008, worldwide e-book reader shipments totaled only 700,000 units, according to Digitimes Research. But demand exploded in 2009 as consumer interests grew... Overview of LCD TV market - May 2010 When the economic recession hit at the end of 2008, the LCD TV market seemed to be heading toward a doomsday scenario in 2009; however, demand turned out to be... Large-size LCD panel overview - Jun 2007 Global large-size LCD panel market revenues are expected to increase at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.5% to US$96.2 billion by 2011, up from US$53.5... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD press release Digitimes Research China 3Q16 DIGITIMES TFT-LCD 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Now, ask Siri to book your next Ola cab ride ANI | New Delhi [India] Sep 28, 2016 12:33 PM IST App-based cab service provider Ola has announced its roll out with the latest update for iOS 10, which includes Siri and Apple Maps integration that will enable iPhone and iPad users to book their next ride using their voice, running iOS 10. The iOS 10 users can simply say, "Hey Siri, get me an Olacab" to book their next ride. This integration marks Ola's growing focus on making cab booking even more accessible and convenient for iPhone and iPad users in India. The popular mobile app for transportation will help the users to ask Siri to book a cab using a wide range of options, including Micro, Mini, Prime and Lux. Also, the customers can book a ride without ever opening up the Ola app to track a ride's progress and view ride estimates and trip progress in a rich notification. "We are proud to be one of the early adopters of Sirikit and Mapkit in the world and we are confident that customers using Apple devices will benefit from this refreshed experience." He further added, "With this update, Apple users will also get access to Ola directly from Apple Maps when searching for their destination," said Co-Founder and CTO Ola, Ankit Bhati. Ola has also made sure a consistent experience across all Apple devices for which it has launched an Independent app on Apple Watch. The company's understanding of India and its customers enables it to roll out innovative solutions that help it stay ahead of the curve. It intends to ride on a mission of building mobility for a billion Indians is aided by a focused approach on delivering seamless customer experiences through innovative use of technology. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Decoding the big ATM problem: India just doesn't have enough engineers for the job Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs AgustaWestland scam: CBI to request UAE to extradite 'middleman' Christian Michel PV Sindhu lone Indian survivor at China Open Telangana launches free hearse service from govt hospitals Demonetisation a big push for digital transactions in India: Chanda Kocchar Hunarr introduces 'Job Role' based educational program search [ more ] Top Stories Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Home Ministry issues notification on banning Zakir Naik's NGO: Key takeaways SC rejects Centre's stand on reconsideration of judicial recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Rupee crashes below 68 level; ends at 9-mth low on dollar shock This weekend, banks will be open Saturday but closed Sunday No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index Delhi HC directs states to form action plan to control air pollution Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THke6P Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
heraldsun premium_icon Facebook social_fb Twitter social_twitter Google plus social_googleplus Email social_email Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne RealEstate Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website iPhone 7 design2:26 To design the iPhone 7, Apple reexamined and refined every element. Achieving its beautiful, high-gloss black finish even required a new process. September 27th 2016 2 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ iPhone 7 design Smartphone New iPhone reportedly emits twice as much radiation as Samsung handsets, according to South Korea news.com.auSeptember 29, 2016 3:09pm APPLE’S iPhone emits twice as much radiation as Samsung handsets, according to a new report. Apple’s main competitor in the smartphone market is Samsung and the two companies are constantly trying to get the edge over the other. The South Korean tech giant recently admitted to rushing the release of its latest Galaxy Note 7 to beat Apple’s iPhone to market, which the company says contributed to an exploding battery issue that forced a global recall. While Apple has largely got the better of the smart phone wars in the past decade, radiation emissions may be one area where Samsung takes the cake. Apple’s iPhones and iPads had the highest electromagnetic radiation specific absorption rate, known as SAR, out of electronic devices sold in South Korea, reports tech website ZDNet. However there is a reason to take the finding with a grain of salt because the figures have come from a state-backed study in South Korea — a government which in the past has shown a tendency to support its business sector under dubious circumstances. Nonetheless according to the data from the country’s National Radio Research Agency the average radiation SAR for iPhones was 1.166 watts per kilogram (W/kg). In comparison the handset released by Samsung this year showed an average SAR recording of 0.517W/kg. In both the United States and South Korea, the SAR limit for devices is 1.6 W/kg, so the iPhone is still well under the regulated limit. The US Federal Communication Commission says anything under 1.6 W/kg is considered perfectly safe, but notes there is still further research to be done when considering the prevalence of radiofrequency (RF) energy in an increasingly wireless world. “Those evaluating the potential risks of using wireless devices agree that more and longer-term studies should explore whether there is a better basis for RF safety standards than is currently used,” the US government body says. There is scant evidence to suggest that consumers should be worried about the level of radiation emitted by their electronic devices such as phones, but it hasn’t stopped some companies from trying to capitalise on the largely unfounded fears. Australian company Lif3 has produced a smartphone chip which it says is proven to reduce mobile phone radio exposure by up to 95 per cent. Why? Because the company believes that “the mobile phone safety movement is spreading around the world”. Whether that’s true or not depends on who you ask, but maybe Samsung wishes it were. Resonance: Beings of Frequency53:01 Resonance is the first documentary to investigate the actual mechanisms by which mobile phone technology can cause cancer. March 22nd 2015 2 years ago /video/video.news.com.au/TV/Conspiracy/ Resonance: Beings of Frequency Originally published as Does the iPhone have a radiation issue? Most viewed Springvale bank fire injures 27Springvale bank fire injures 27 Bickmore prompts on-air surpriseBickmore prompts on-air surprise Kickboxer charged over $2.4m stick-up premium_iconKickboxer charged over $2.4m stick-up Mitchell, Hill pull one final prank as HawksMitchell, Hill pull one final prank as Hawks How Big W went so horribly wrongHow Big W went so horribly wrong Islamic State’s Melbourne targetsIslamic State’s Melbourne targets Having a baby? Don’t call it GodHaving a baby? Don’t call it God Man charged over hit-run crashMan charged over hit-run crash ‘F... off’: Joyce cops tirade from minister‘F... off’: Joyce cops tirade from minister Money rage link to bank fire attackMoney rage link to bank fire attack Watts going on with Jack’s hair?Watts going on with Jack’s hair? I’m coming home, says Rex HuntI’m coming home, says Rex Hunt Man’s disgusting KFC discovery premium_iconMan’s disgusting KFC discovery Popular wedding venue under threatPopular wedding venue under threat Surprising suburb ‘actually pretty good’Surprising suburb ‘actually pretty good’ ‘Party boy’ Warnie wants to meet Paris premium_icon‘Party boy’ Warnie wants to meet Paris Dandenong push for A-League licence premium_iconDandenong push for A-League licence Stabbed 70 times, but murder charge dropped premium_iconStabbed 70 times, but murder charge dropped Will you mute your TV for this lot?Will you mute your TV for this lot? Teenage hammer thugs are freed premium_iconTeenage hammer thugs are freed More Smartphone This is the next big thing for AirbnbThis is the next big thing for Airbnb Apple’s ridiculous $429 coffee table bookApple’s ridiculous $429 coffee table book Google brings back awkward yearsGoogle brings back awkward years Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7 Smartphones ruining children’s sleepSmartphones ruining children’s sleep Why you need to try Google’s VRWhy you need to try Google’s VR This phone is better than the iPhone 7This phone is better than the iPhone 7 Does Apple have an ace in the hole?Does Apple have an ace in the hole? Millions of Aussies to get Apple PayMillions of Aussies to get Apple Pay Different Samsung phone explodedDifferent Samsung phone exploded Another Samsung phone explodesAnother Samsung phone explodes Girls beat boys in technology raceGirls beat boys in technology race How to better manage screen timeHow to better manage screen time iPhone 8 rumoured to go wirelessiPhone 8 rumoured to go wireless Remaining Note7 phones crippledRemaining Note7 phones crippled Woman tricks her boyfriends for depositWoman tricks her boyfriends for deposit Apple fans mourn peach emojiApple fans mourn peach emoji Apple patents foldable iPhoneApple patents foldable iPhone ‘The problem with Apple’s logic’‘The problem with Apple’s logic’ Man changes name to ‘iPhone 7’Man changes name to ‘iPhone 7’ Smartphones being wired to save livesSmartphones being wired to save lives Men ‘are turning to Siri for sex’Men ‘are turning to Siri for sex’ Strange text: ‘Did you witness anything?’Strange text: ‘Did you witness anything?’ Apple’s horror iPhone 7 launch continuesApple’s horror iPhone 7 launch continues Samsung launches wallet assaultSamsung launches wallet assault Featured stories Apple’s ridiculous $429 coffee table bookApple’s ridiculous $429 coffee table book Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7Pregnant mum burnt by iPhone 7 Microsoft misfires with unfunny Apple adMicrosoft misfires with unfunny Apple ad Meet Samsung’s iPhone killerMeet Samsung’s iPhone killer Google unveils two new smartphonesGoogle unveils two new smartphones A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can " find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Darlington shows off its apples Oct. 1 Darlington Apple Festival AEGIS FILE PHOTO "Anything you can imagine" apple will be one of many types of apples at the Darlington Apple Festival Saturday, Oct. 1. "Anything you can imagine" apple will be one of many types of apples at the Darlington Apple Festival Saturday, Oct. 1. (AEGIS FILE PHOTO) Erika ButlerContact Reporterebutler@theaegis.com Darlington Apple Festival is Saturday, Oct. 3 Privacy Policy After it was canceled last year because of weather, the Darlington Apple Festival returns to Darlington on Saturday, Oct. 1 for its 30th year. "This is an anniversary year for us," festival chairperson Elaine Calderon said. The festival along Shuresville Road from Main Street to Francis Silver Park runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and will include an estimated 300 vendors. Apples, apples and more apples will be everywhere visitors look with all types of apple treats available to eat on-site or take home. Hosanna AME Church, of Darlington, St. James UAME Church, of Darlington, and St. James AME Church, of Havre de Grace, will all sell their fresh apple pies along with other assorted goodies. Apple fare includes dumplings, fritters, apple crisp, caramel apples, cakes, butter and the favorite, apple delight – fresh apples with caramel and whipped cream. New this year will be apple kabobs. Art Johnson, of SweetAire Farm, will be selling all types of apples. Children's activities include scarecrow making, pony rides, plaster figurine painting, temporary tattoos, sand art and hair paint. Festival-goers can also get their pictures taken with one of four props, including a tractor. Other vendors include crafts, farmers and public service. Craft vendors been working hard to filter crafters, getting new ones this year. An estimated 60,000 people attend the Darlington Apple Festival every year, Calderon said. "There's sentimentality. People come as a family and they spend the whole day there," she said. "They like everything. They love that it's a street fair." Calderon encouraged festival-goers to go early, if they're in search of apple goodies to take home – some of the vendors have run out in previous years. Many people who attend the Apple Festival are repeat customers, Calderon said. And many of them shop with the same vendors, year after year after year. New to the festival this year is a corn hole tournament sponsored by the Rotary Club of Bel Air. "We want to create a new place for people who get tired of walking around looking at pumpkins and mums to retreat to," Rotary President Phil Crocker, who is on the board of the Darlington Apple Festival, said. Fifty corn hole sets will be set up at Elberton Hill Farm, adjacent to the festival, with water, tents and music. The club had planned on the tournament last year, but it was canceled when the apple festival was canceled because of the hurricane a few days earlier. "Families can come up, set up, play corn hole, have their own little games, have some tournaments," he said. This is the first year for corn hole, which is free and runs the same hours as the apple festival, but the club is hoping to build it into a real tournament over the next few years. "It's for families, it's casual," he said. "Come out and have a good time. It's a place for kids to run around." Copyright © 2016, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Darlington Fireworks Spectators celebrate 'old-time' America, community spirit at Darlington Independence Day parade Harford teams are part of a big sports weekend Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 48°
What's on Film Food & drink Offers I'm looking for Search Events Places Articles Music Film Comedy Theatre Kids Visual art TV Books News Clubs Days out Dance Life & style LGBT Shopping Tech Celebrity gossip Britney Spears gets 'naughty' at Apple Music Festival 10 Source: Bang Showbiz Date: 28 September 2016 comments Britney Spears at the Apple Music Festival 10, London 2016 Britney Spears wowed on stage at the Apple Music Festival 10 in London and performed a shortened version of her Las Vegas show on Tuesday night (27.09.16). Britney Spears was determined to perform a "naughty" set at the Apple Music Festival 10 in London on Tuesday night (27.09.16). The 34-year-old pop superstar and her entourage of 13 dancers put on a risque performance at the Roundhouse in Camden all scantily dressed as the 'Piece of Me' hitmaker stormed through a 90-minute set of her Las Vegas show at her first concert in the UK in five years. Before performing the sexy smasher 'Freakshow', the blonde beauty asked the crowd: "Do you want to get Naughty? Let's get really naughty in here." Britney also brought a fan up on stage during the song, who was tied to a leash and dragged around by the dancers, continuing the show's S&M theme. The pop beauty opened her set with 'Work Bitch' and went on to perform all of her biggest hits from 'Oops I Did It Again' right through to her song 'Make Me', from her latest LP 'Glory', which features rapper G-Eazy who was notably absent. There were plenty of opportunities for Britney to bring guests on stage as she performed her song with will.i.am, 'Scream and Shout', 'Boys', which she did with Pharrell Williams and her huge hit with Madonna, 'Me Against The Music'. However, she decided to have her own moment at her first concert across the pond since her O2 Arena show on her 'Femme Fatale Tour' in 2011. While there were no celebrity guest visible on stage, a whole host of stars attended the concert including super fan Sam Smith who managed to sneak backstage to meet his idol. A source told The Sun newspaper: "Sam was really excited. He'd never met Britney before and wasn't going to let the opportunity slip." Other stars in attendance included Rita Ora, Daisy Lowe, Millie Mackintosh and Laura Whitmore. For those who were unavailable to catch Britney in person, the show - and the rest of the festival gigs - is available live and on-demand to Apple Music members in 100 countries. Michael Buble will perform on Wednesday night (28.09.16) and Chance The Rapper will bring the Apple Music Festival 10 to a close on Friday night (30.09.16). Britney's set list: 'Work' 'Womanizer' 'Break The Ice' 'Piece of Me' '...Baby One More Time' 'Oops I Did it Again' 'Radar' 'Me Against The Music' 'Gimmie More' 'Scream and Shout' 'Boys' 'Do You Wanna Come Over' Missy Elliot 'Get Your Freak On' I'm a Slave 4 U' 'Make Me' 'Freakshow' 'Do Somethin' 'Circus' 'If You Seek Amy' 'Breathe' 'Toxic' 'Stronger' 'You Drive Me Crazy' 'Till the World Ends' Comments Post a comment Name Comment Preview To post a comment, sign in with: Facebook Google or The List Email Password Sign in Remember Not registered? Create an account Forgotten your password? Similar articles Calvin Harris, John Newman and Disciples team up for Apple Music Festival(24 Sep 2016) Music gossip Robbie Williams to headline Apple Music Festival(25 Aug 2016) Music gossip Mumford and Sons: Apple Music Festival like Reading with less vomit(28 Sep 2015) Music gossip The Chemical Brothers give fans hits at Apple Music Festival(25 Sep 2015) Music gossip Take That perform 'thank you' set for fans at Apple Music Festival(21 Sep 2015) Music gossip Ellie Goulding to headline Apple Music Festival(8 Sep 2015) Music gossip Take That to headline Apple Music Festival(3 Sep 2015) Music gossip One Direction among headliners at Apple Music Festival(18 Aug 2015) Music gossip Celebrity gossip Music gossip (Celebrity gossip) Apple Music Apple Music Festival Britney Spears Make Me Music Festival Hot 100 2016 It's here! We announce our annual top 100 cultural contributors in Scotland. Check out who made the cut back to top Products & services Add an event Add a place Email newsletters Edinburgh Festival Guides & publications Magazine subscriptions Jobs The List About us Contact us Advertise with us Terms & conditions Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ ©2016 The List Ltd.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Increases iPhone 7 Component Orders for Q4 2016 Wednesday September 28, 2016 3:35 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple has increased its part and component orders for the iPhone 7 series this year, with orders for the fourth quarter said to be between 20 and 30 percent higher than expected (via DigiTimes). According to sources from Taiwan-based touch panel makers General Interface Solution (GIS), which is a subsidiary of Foxconn, increased touch panel orders from Apple mean the supplier will see revenues grow significantly in Q4 2016. Initial demand for Apple's iPhone 7 series has been high, with excitement for the company's jet black color option and its larger dual lens camera-equipped handset leading to long wait times as regions struggle to re-stock following the first wave of orders. Some analysts believe the timing of Samsung's exploding battery problem is leading a number of consumers returning defective Note 7 devices to choose an iPhone 7 over a like-for-like replacement. According to one online poll conducted by SurveyMonkey, 26 percent of Note 7 owners plan to use their refunds to switch to Apple's flagship phone, while 35 percent said they would keep the refund, without specifying what phones they would use in the future. Those numbers compare to 21 percent who said they would swap for a different Samsung model, while only 18 percent said they planned to get a rectified Note 7, which remain in short supply. Samsung claims its own data shows a much higher retention rate, and says about 90 percent of Note 7 owners had chosen to get a direct replacement, after the corrected devices became "widely available". So far, more than 60 percent of defective devices in the U.S. have been exchanged, the company said in a statement. Shipments of iPhone 7 units are expected to reach 80 to 84 million units in the second half of this year, compared to 85 to 90 million iPhone 6s devices shipped in the latter half of 2015, according to original design manufacture sources. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 39 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) spiderman0616 7 weeks ago And those customers are going to be pleased. If you ignore all the usual Apple bashing that happens after an iPhone launch (especially from users on this site for some reason) the iPhone 7 is a fantastic upgrade. My only disappointment so far has been that I still can't pick up a pair of AirPods yet. [doublepost=1475059805][/doublepost] So apple screwing over suppliers trying to reduce their orders for parts earlier on has come back to bite them? I hope so they deal with suppliers so badly. I love the products but apple is a stinky company right now. This comment doesn't even make sense. Rating: 9 Votes spiderman0616 7 weeks ago Yeap, will need to read between the lines of Apples report. But KGI is usually accurate. KGI is usually accurate on products, but their accuracy on sales is spotty at best. [doublepost=1475063245][/doublepost] This is possibly just damage control, several outlets and reports are already repeatedly claiming the iPhone 7 sales are down 20% or more on the iPhone 5 sales, so I've read. Will be an interesting results call, even more so if they refuse to disclose iPhone 7 sales numbers... The Note 7 story has from what I've seen only been hyperbole generated by MacRumors. I mean how many customers actually took that survey monkey survey? The Note 7 story is far from hyperbole limited to MacRumors. That's a ridiculous claim. The exploding battery story is everywhere all the time right now. And Apple does not just order parts to calm the rumor mill down. They are supply chain masters and only order parts when they need to order parts. Rating: 8 Votes TrueBlou 7 weeks ago This is just damage control, several outlets and reports are already repeatedly claiming the iPhone 7 sales are down 20% or more on the iPhone 5 sales, so I've read. Will be an interesting results call, even more so if they refuse to disclose iPhone 7 sales numbers... The Note 7 story has from what I've seen only been hyperbole generated by MacRumors. I mean how many customers actually took that survey monkey survey? .... While many others claim demand to be higher than for the iPhone 6s and some suggesting even greater demand than for the iPhone 6. That's the trouble with these reports, none of them actually have any actual idea of the reality. Though so far every report I've seen of weak demand has been based on a certain KGI analysts comments. Need I say more :D Oh, and the Note 7 hyperbole isn't just SurveyMonkey, Branding Brand among others have also said they've found support for Samsung wavering since the battery incident. Rating: 4 Votes 1041958 7 weeks ago Note 7 will have nothing to do with iPhone 7 sales. It sells a fraction of what the iPhone does, so even if every single returned Note 7 buyer got an iPhone 7 instead it would still only be an extra 1.4 million sales. The Note Series and Galaxy S Series combined are not even close to the iPhone. Besides, the people who bought the Note 7 would be the hardcore fans who wanted it right away. They aren't going to switch for anything. They'll be happy to keep their inferior device that can't even keep up with a year old iPhone. Rating: 2 Votes Jax44 7 weeks ago Yeap, will need to read between the lines of Apples report. But KGI is usually accurate. Not on sales numbers. Rating: 2 Votes 69Mustang 7 weeks ago We also don't know how true the rumours were, or how successful Apple were if they were true. As it relates to my quote, whether it's true or not is immaterial. I was only countering the blanket statement. That doesn't change that fact that increasing orders tends to get you better volume discounts regardless of who you are.QUOTE] The first line of my quote says the exact same thing. Not sure why you're repeating it. every company tries to get lower prices. doesn't mean they will actually get it though. My quote wasn't about whether or not a company actually gets lower prices. It was simply a counter argument to djcerla's blanket claim of lower volume gets higher prices. It's not always the case and Apple was rumored to do the exact opposite. You are right though. Every company tries to get lower prices. I don't think that many try to get lower prices and drop the volume of their orders at the same time. Rating: 1 Votes FFR 7 weeks ago It's 5 days ago. Major shifts in demand don't happen over the course of 5 days. You do realize what thread your posting in? Rating: 1 Votes Nozuka 7 weeks ago That is typical in most cases. However, earlier rumors had Apple asking for up to 20% price cuts on order volumes that were supposedly 30% lower. every company tries to get lower prices. doesn't mean they will actually get it though. Rating: 1 Votes Black Magic 7 weeks ago So apple screwing over suppliers trying to reduce their orders for parts earlier on has come back to bite them? I hope so they deal with suppliers so badly. I love the products but apple is a stinky company right now. You have no clue about the Apple supply chain business outside of tidbits you hear on the internet and take as gospel. How about just worry about stuff that pertains to you like the product in your hands? Don't comment about supply chains and logistics because there is a reason you are at home on a forum while Tim Cook is running a billion dollar business. Rating: 1 Votes alexgowers 7 weeks ago So apple screwing over suppliers trying to reduce their orders for parts earlier on has come back to bite them? I hope so they deal with suppliers so badly. I love the products but apple is a stinky company right now. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 1 hour ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 66 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 268 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 16 hours ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 96 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 17 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 198 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 175 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 19 hours ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 92 comments Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price 20 hours ago on Front Page A few weeks after Microsoft unveiled the Surface Studio to the public at a media event in New York City, a few websites have begun publishing the first reviews for Microsoft's new desktop... 296 comments System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models 20 hours ago on Front Page Since OS X El Capitan, the operating system that runs on Macs has been protected by a feature called System Integrity Protection (SIP), which is designed to keep your Mac safe from malware by... 93 comments • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (325) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (101) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (90) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (115) • Apple's OLED Suppliers Won't Be Able to Meet Demand for 2017 iPhone (106) • Apple to Integrate Augmented Reality Functionality Into iPhone's Camera App (45)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home Industry Tech Priced at $390, Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus better than iPhone 7? Chinese company challenges Apple Priced at $390, Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus better than iPhone 7? Chinese company challenges Apple With the launch of the 'premium' Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus priced at $390 (around Rs 22,000), it also launched the Mi 5s at Rs 19,000, the Chinese company, once known just for its cheap but specifications and feature rich smartphones, has challenged Apple and even targetted its latest handset the iPhone 7, which was launched recently By: FE Online | New Delhi | Published: September 28, 2016 3:14 PM With the launch of the ‘premium’ Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus priced at 0 (around Rs 22,000), it also launched the Mi 5s at Rs 19,000, the Chinese company, once known just for its cheap but specifications and feature rich smartphones, has challenged Apple and even targetted its latest handset the iPhone 7, which was launched recently With the launch of the ‘premium’ Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus priced at $390 (around Rs 22,000), it also launched the Mi 5s at Rs 19,000, the Chinese company, once known just for its cheap but specifications and feature rich smartphones, has challenged Apple and even targetted its latest handset the iPhone 7, which was launched recently. The fight is going to be stiff, even epic. Here’s why. First of all the price. Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus is a big smartphone and is priced at just about half of the Apple iPhone 7. The Chinese company has provided on its smartphone premium features like dual cameras and pressure sensitive screen that will truly sway consumers who are virtually crazed by the photography bug. In terms of speed, Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus smartphone is up there with the best having packed in a really fast processor in the form of Qualcomm Snapdragon 821; it also offers  6GB RAM and internal storage of 128GB, a 5.7-inch screen, and of course the a dual-camera system at 13MP-13MP with a f/2.2 aperture. It has dual sensors, with one taking colour photos while the other is black and white Compare that to the iPhone 7 Plus, which is priced at Rs 72,000 for the ‘cheapest’ 32GB model. iPhone 7 Plus weighs in at 188 grams, 5.5-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen, Multi-Touch display with IPS technology, A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture, Embedded M10 motion coprocessor, 12-megapixel wide-angle and telephoto cameras, Wide-angle: ƒ/1.8 aperture, Telephoto: ƒ/2.8 aperture, Fingerprint sensor built into the new Home button, Built-in rechargeable lithium‑ion battery with up to 1 hour longer battery life than iPhone 6s Plus (Up to 21 hours on 3G). When compared, Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus screen is almost similar to Apple 3D Touch. As far as camera is concerned, the iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel camera to the Chinese company’s dual 13MP-13MP cameras. The opportunity for the Chinese company to grab a lion’s share of the market is very much there and its launch of Xiaomi Mi 5s and Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus will definitely provide it a boost as the specifications and features are top of the line. Also, with Samsung Note 7 recall over smokeing batteries costing the South Korean company plenty in terms of negative impact on the brand, companies like Xiaomi and even Apple are set to become the 2 major mobile phone makers left in the ring. What is going to provide advantage to the Xiaomi Mi 5s and Plus is the pricing backed by top specs in the two most important markets in the world, India and China. America and Europe too are getting price conscious provided they get similar specs and do not go much by reputation. This is especially so as Apple has not really provided anything really new in terms of specs or even design. Also, it has neglected, for now at least, to trot out cheaper versions. Tags: Apple IPhoneXiaomi Mi5 Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
null
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Aetna to provide Apple Watches to customers, employees JC Torres - Sep 28, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Although users of fitness trackers and smartwatches with health features are often advised not to substitute these devices for professional medical opinion, health care company Aetna’s latest move is, if anything, a glowing recommendation of exactly that. At least as far as the Apple Watch is concerned. Starting this fall, the company will be subsidizing Apple Watches for select large employers and individual customers. But luckier are the nearly 50,000 Aetna employees that will be receiving the smartwatches at no cost at all. There is no shortage of anecdotes of the wonders that these wearable devices have done, sometimes even saving lives. The Apple Watch, of course, has it fair share of the limelight. This is the first time, however, that an organization directly related to health care is putting a smartwatch front and center of their program to help customers and employees live healthier lives. The select large employers and customers won’t be getting an Apple Watch for free, of course. Aetna will instead subsidize just a “significant” portion of the purchase, with monthly payroll deductions for the remaining balance. Still, automatically getting an Apple Watch, even if paid for monthly, is something few would have probably considered doing themselves without this program. But Aetna isn’t simply putting Apple Watches on wrists. As part of that same program, it will be launching iOS-exclusive health apps, from things like reminding users to take their medicine to guides for diagnosing certain symptoms. Putting wearables at the heart of a health care program might fly in the face of a recently published study that claims that fitness trackers might, in fact, be more counterproductive. Then again, that study revealed more the psychological and behavioral effects of the wearables rather than a limitation of the technology. SOURCE: Aetna Tags Apple WatchfitnesshealthsmartwatchWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Latest Headlines Ballu is part blimp and part robot Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video ready for global rollout soon Nov 18, 2016 SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites for global internet connectivity Nov 18, 2016 Smaller Xiaomi Mi Mix packing 5.5-inch screen could be called Nano tips leak Nov 18, 2016 Scientists say asteroid strike that killed dinosaurs made a crater higher than Mt. Everest Nov 18, 2016 Latest Reviews GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Contactmusic Videos Artists Photos Movies Music News Home Login / Register Account / Logout Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Contactmusic > Mary J Blige > News > Mary J Blige Sings In Awkward Interview With Hillary... Mary J Blige Sings In Awkward Interview With Hillary Clinton By Ed Biggs in Movies / TV / Theatre on 28 September 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Mary J Blige Mary J Blige Hillary Clinton MJB sang 'American Skin (41 Shots)' to Clinton in a promo clip for Apple Music's forthcoming chat show 'The 411'. The internet has reacted to an unintentionally awkward video trailer for Apple Music’s upcoming new show ‘The 411’, which sees singer Mary J. Blige singing to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while interviewing her. The clip of the exchange, released on Monday night in the wake of Clinton’s first televised debate with Republican rival Donald Trump, is for Apple Music’s new chat show coming this Friday (September 30th). The idea seems solid – two women outstanding in their respective fields in frank discussion. Like you’ve never seen them before.@MaryJBlige sits down with @HillaryClinton.#The411 Coming September 30th.https://t.co/hbaWqfjJcp pic.twitter.com/P2qpm3h3Pm— Apple Music (@AppleMusic) September 27, 2016 However, Twitter reacted with bafflement to one clip, which sees The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul sing an impromptu version of Bruce Springsteen’s ‘American Skin (41 Shots)’ while they’re discussing the hot topic of police brutality against unarmed black men. Blige, 45, reaches out and grabs Hillary’s hands, looks into her eyes, and sings the lyrics: “If an officer stops you, always be polite, and never ever run away. Promise Mama you’ll keep your hands inside. Is it a gun? Is it a knife? Is it a wallet? This is your life. It ain’t no secret. It ain’t no secret, no secret my friend. You can get killed just for living in your American skin.” More: ‘Will and Grace’ comes back for mini-episode to voice support for Hillary Clinton However well-intentioned the idea behind it, the entire sequence seemed skin-crawlingly awkward and Hillary’s completely straight-faced reaction came across much funnier than it was intended to be. Mary J Blige in 2016 Twitter being Twitter, Hillary’s face was pretty quickly turned into a meme and, despite Apple Music rushing out a second trailer featuring a more straightforward clip of the conversation itself within two hours of the first, the damage had already been done. MJB: can I sing something for you? Hillary: I don't think we have ti- MJB: ?? If an officer stops yoooou?? Hillary: pic.twitter.com/Vi7vVbjskU— Nail Carter (@pimpcey_) September 27, 2016 Springsteen’s original song ‘American Skin (41 Shots)’, released in 2000, concerned the shooting of Amadou Diallo by four New York cops in 1999. More: Kim Kardashian clarifies she’ll be voting for Hillary Clinton Contactmusic Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Mary J Blige Advertisement Related Mary J. Blige: 'Marriage Fell Apart Over Lack Of Respect' Mary J Blige didn't feel respected by husband Mary J. Blige: I like Kanye West's honesty Mary J. Blige has got her life back after split Mary J. Blige: Divorce has been so hard Mary J. Blige: 'Divorce Is Horrible' Mary J. Blige's Estranged Husband Calls For Divorce Battle Cash Advertisement Mary J. Blige Bites Back At Hillary Clinton Interview Critics Mary J Blige Sings In Awkward Interview With Hillary Clinton Critics Take Aim As Mary J. Blige's Awkward Chat With Hillary Clinton Airs Mary J. Blige's Estranged Husband Wants Spousal Support As Divorce Battle Heats Up Mary J. Blige Thrills At Jimmy Choo Party Mary J. Blige To Tour With Maxwell Mary J. Blige Guest Starring On How To Get Away With Murder Advertisement Movies and Trailers Black Nativity Trailer Christmas time is coming but for young Langston, happy holidays aren't going to come easy.... Black Nativity Trailer Langston Hughes is a street-smart teenager whose life gets complicated when his beloved mother, with... Rock of Ages Movie Review This raucous trawl through 80s power ballads, rock anthems and gigantic hair is a lot... Rock of Ages Trailer The latest trailer for the upcoming Rock of Ages movie adaption gives us much more... Rock of Ages Trailer Drew Boley is an aspiring rocker who works as a busboy in The Bourbon Room,... Fade To Black Movie Review In 2003, Brooklyn rapper Jay-Z (a.k.a. Shawn Carter) called it quits after an eight-year career.... Musician Index: 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Help Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Write For Us T&Cs Privacy Cookie Policy Site Map Daily Vulture Copyright © 2016 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved Contactmusic Home Editors Recommended Editors Recommended News News Headlines News Headlines Trending Headlines Music / Festival News Music / Festival News Musicians & bands in the news Movie / TV / Theatre News Movie / TV / Theatre News Actors & filmmakers in the news Lifestyle / Showbiz News Lifestyle / Showbiz News Celebrities in the news News Archive News Archive Music Music Reviews Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music Movies Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Photos Latest Photos Popular Photos Latest Photos Updated Galleries Most Mentioned Most Mentioned People in Photos Photo Archive Photo Archive Artists Trending Artists Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Actors Filmmakers Celebrities Celebrities Bands and Musicians Bands Musicians Interviews Interviews Videos Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Video Chart Video Chart Most Mentioned Most Menioned Artists in Video ✕ Music Video Movie Trailers Video Chart Most Mentioned Videos Music Video Top Music Videos Videos Most Menioned Artists in Video Videos Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Videos Video Chart Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Bands and Musicians Celebrities Interviews Artists Trending Artists   Artists Actors Filmmakers Artists Bands Musicians Artists Celebrities   Artists Interviews Latest Photos Popular Photos Most Mentioned Photo Archive Photos Latest Photos Latest Galleries Photos Popular Photos Popular Galleries Photos Most Mentioned People in Photos Photos Photo Archive Go Back in Time using our Photos archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Most Mentioned Movies Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Movies Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Movies Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Music Reviews Music Video Most Mentioned Music Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Music Video Top Music Videos Music Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music News Headlines Music / Festival News Movie / TV / Theatre News Lifestyle / Showbiz News News Archive News News Headlines Trending Headlines News Music / Festival News musicians & bands in the news News Movie / TV / Theatre News actors & filmmakers in the news News Lifestyle / Showbiz News celebrities in the news News Press Releases News News Archive Go Back in Time using our News archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Editors Recommended Home Editors Recommended
