Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ ChromeBook Review ▸ ASUS Flip C100P Chromebook Review ChromeBook Review ASUS Flip C100P Chromebook Review Chris Stobing Updated November 11, 2016 Shares Read our Asus Flip C100P review and you'll soon learn why this is one of the best Chromebooks you can buy. The ASUS Flip C100P Chromebook is an expertly designed, first-of-its-kind convertible that takes everything we love about tablets and laptops, and crams them together into a single flexible device. Convertibles have been a part of the Windows family of PCs for years now, but have only recently started making their way into the legion of Chromebooks that were introduced over the past year or so. Will the C100P prove that Chrome OS is just as good on a touchscreen as it is with a classical trackpad, or will the Flip flop on its face before it even gets off the ground? Find out my ASUS Flip C100P Chromebook review! Overview Summary: The ASUS Flip C100P sports a beautiful display and a staggeringly long battery life into a nimble, portable, and convertible sub-2lb frame. WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The ASUS Flip C100P is the perfect cheap convertible for students. Price: $265.99 on Amazon  Available: Now Model: C100PA-DB02 What We Liked Chrome OS is made for touchscreens Surprisingly vibrant screen Long-lasting battery What We Didn’t Speakers were only good half the time Underpowered for heavy browsing tasks ASUS C100P Flip Specs ASUS Flip C100P Processor Rockchip 1.8GHz Processor RAM 4GB SDRAM Display Type IPS Display Resolution 1200 x 1800 Storage 16GB eMMC WiFi 802.11ac Bluetooth 4.0 Keyboard Standard Battery 8 hours 46 minutes (at load) Price $265.99 Buy Now Design No, Apple isn’t making Chromebooks yet, but you wouldn’t know it looking at the ASUS Flip It’s not a secret that over the past 15 years or so, Apple has revolutionized what every design department from here to Taiwan thought about not only about what a piece of technology could do, but also how good it could look while it got the job done. They took clunky, IBM-inspired black-on-gray-on-beige laptops and made them sleek, sexy, and tactile like no other company of the past decade ever could. So it’s not surprising that the design of other products has followed suit. Chromebooks in particular are known for taking the core tenants of the Macbook design (simplicity on smooth surfaces),and incorporating them into their own umbrella of products, but the ASUS Flip C100P takes it to a whole other level. I’m surprised Apple hasn’t already sued ASUS for design infringement, looking at this laptop. In a blind logo test, I’d have a hard time telling the Flip apart from many of the devices that Apple has already released, including the anodized aluminum casing, the flat key black-on-silver keyboard, and the lone headphone jack controlled by two volume buttons on the side that look eerily similar to what you’d find on the side of an iPhone 6. Of course, Apple’s design department is one of the best in the business, and it’s no wonder why ASUS would do everything it could to emulate them. From the chassis to the trackpad to the matte black bezels the Flip barely passes as a laptop made by ASUS, and looks a heck of a lot more like what Apple would do if they ever collaborated with Google on their very first Chromebook. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing, either. Software Chrome OS transitions seamlessly into the touchscreen arena without a hitch At this point, if you don’t know what you’re getting on the software side of things when you buy a Chromebook, you haven’t been paying close enough attention. Read More: Best Chromebook Apps Chromebooks are the preferred choice for a lot of consumers because they don’t come with any extra surprises, no annoying bloatware or extra pieces of useless software that the laptop maker uses to promote some dysfunctional internal software they made off the cuff. Nope, Chromebooks are simple, easy, and consistent, and the Flip is no different. An offline version of the Drive suite of apps is the only real “software” the Flip lays claim to. Other than that, anything else you “install” won’t be more than a Chrome extension or a glorified web shortcut that’s attached to your Start menu…just the way we like it. Hardware In true Apple design spirit, the Flip has as little open holes as possible (including available port options) With such a minuscule 1.96lb frame, the Flip C100P isn’t in the running to win an award for top of the line specs anytime soon. The Flip runs on an Integrated 1.8GHz Rockchip Mali T764 CPU, and 4GB of SDRAM. Along with its minimal power, there also aren’t a ton of ports to choose from, with only a mini-HDMI, two USB 2.0 ports, an audio jack and one micro-SD card slot lining the edges of the case. The onboard 720p webcam took “okay” pictures, but nothing all that mind-blowing, although the 16GB of onboard storage was a welcome addition to an otherwise lackluster set of stats. Performance Somewhat expectedly, the performance of the Flip was only subpar thanks to its lowered specs. As per usual, we ran the ASUS Flip in a number of different general usage scenarios, as well as running a standard set of WebGL tests to determine how it held up under everyday circumstances. Read More: Samsung Chromebook 2 Review We were able to open around six tabs of various text-based sites along with four 1080p YouTube videos playing in the background before the Flip started to chug, which is one of the earliest breaking points we’ve seen in a Chromebook yet. Those videos loaded crazy quick thanks to the included 802.11ac Wi-Fi chip however, which screamed through our bandwidth tests at a steady clip of around 160 – 180Mbps depending on where we were in the house. The onboard speakers on the other hand were a bit of a mixed bag. With the Flip in normal laptop mode, they were pinned almost directly to the surface we were typing on, making our test music sound distant and unpleasant. In tablet mode, however, the speakers faced directly outward and sounded quite a bit better, and fuller than what you’d see on other Chromebooks in the same category. Display Whether it’s competing with tablets, laptops, or both the Flip’s display is a winner wherever it competes For such a small laptop, the Flip packs some shockingly punchy pixels on its smaller 10.1″ 1200 x 800 IPS display screen. Colors in games and movies popped off the screen, and the touchscreen itself was extremely responsive when the C100P wasn’t under heavy load from multiple apps or tabs running at the same time. In tablet mode the quality of the screen is even more apparent, especially when you’re watching Netflix or YouTube videos with convertible set in the “angled” mode (the hinge between the laptop and tablet configured at 45°) for the full cinematic experience. Battery The battery on the Flip was equally as impressive as its screen, lasting a solid 8hrs and 46min during our various testing procedures. With a chassis this small it’s rare that you get a laptop that can last through a full workday of tasks without needing a plug-in somewhere along the line, but the ASUS still managed to hang in there with the best of laptops and tablets alike. Wrap Up If you can’t decide whether to spend your hard-earned technology budget on a laptop or a tablet, a convertible like the ASUS Flip C100P might be the perfect middle-ground for anyone who still can’t make up their mind by the time they’ve already gotten to the electronics store. The ASUS Flip C100P proves that even though convertible laptops (and Chromebooks particularly) may not be right for everyone, Chrome OS is still able to perform handily in either arena, and has no problem replacing your next iPad Air for half the cost. Read More: Best Chromebook of 2016 Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts 5 Of The Best Chromebooks In Big Move, Google Announces Android Apps Will Work on Chromebooks Best Chromebook Apps Google’s Chromebook Pixel Contains a Secret Easter Egg Related to the NES Konami Code Google Chromebook Pixel Touchscreen Laptop Unveiled, Price & Specs Announced, Ships April (product launch/video) Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,115 Fans 13,499 Subscribers 11,061 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2017 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2017 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2017 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2017 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2017 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2017 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2017: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2017 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2017 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2017 Blenders Best Blenders 2017 Refrigerators What is a Counter-Depth Refrigerator? Smart Home Security Systems LiveWatch Home Security System Review HP Chromebook 14 only $180, Watch Dogs 20% Off After Release Top Chromebook Reviews How To Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Smartphone Acer Chromebook 15 Review Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? Toshiba Chromebook 2 Review Acer's New Chromebook Is The Overhaul We Want Acer's New Chromebook Has A Touchscreen Toshiba's Rumored Chromebook Is Bigger And Better HP Chromebook 14 only $200 Best Chromebooks 2017 Google's Chromebook Pixel Contains a Secret Easter Egg Related to the NES Konami Code Chrome for iOS Update Adds New Features Best Buy leaked Data Sheet Suggests New 11.6 HP Chromebook HP's New Chromebook Is Pretty, But Dumb Google Offers a New Chromebook, Costs Only $249 HP Announces Pavilion 14 Chromebook with 14 inch Display Google Chromebook Pixel Touchscreen Laptop Unveiled Samsung Series 5 Chromebook Wi-Fi Review 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Samsung Series 5 550 Chromebook Review Google Releases Chrome 1.0, Out Of Beta Google's Chrome OS Hitting Notebooks This Fall Samsung Chromebook Launch Date And Price Announced Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top chromebooks, the best laptops and top ten computer comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest home theater speakers, home theater systems, av receivers and the latest tech news and best product reviews on the web. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Press Esc to close Tuesday 03 January 2017 News updated at 8:35 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.7°C Min : 14.6°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Man who hacked Kareena's IT e-filing account arrested      At least 60 inmates killed in prison riot in northern Brazil      SP's war moves to Delhi; Mulayam approaches EC for symbol      Russia delivers advanced Sukhoi jets to China after 2-yr delay      NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs      Service charge by hotels/restaurants not mandatory: Govt      Don't vote on caste lines,rivals busy saving blackmoney,kin: PM Modi      Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways'      'He announced several UPA-era schemes', Sena mocks PM address      Outgoing CJI questions Centre over transfer of HC judges      Indian cricket will do well under retired judges: Thakur      LS deputy speaker Thambidurai appeals to Sasikala to become CM      IS claims nightclub carnage as Turkey hunts attacker      Will implement Lodha Reforms right away: Ganga Raju      India successfully test fires Agni-IV ballastic missile      I am fine with it, says Shirke on sacking after SC order      Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict      Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC      Delhi Police Head Constable shoots self at Supreme Court      Fight over SP's cycle symbol; ball in EC's court      Sensex trips on 1st trading day of 2017, logs loss     Next Story Proposed 'Canara trail' illegal, threat to biodiversity; scrap it Read more >> You are here: Home » Panorama » Apple, Nokia spat over patents gets uglier Apple, Nokia spat over patents gets uglier Vindu Goel and Mark Scott, Jan 02, 2017, International New York Times Central to the dispute is what is a fair, reasonable fee to use Nokia technology now part of every smartphone Apple’s iPhone is a technological marvel. You can watch streaming video on it, download apps, take photos with its camera and give voice commands to Siri, its digital assistant. You can even make old-fashioned voice calls on it. Nokia, the Finnish company that was the world’s largest cellphone maker until its business was decimated by Apple and makers of Android-based phones, claims none of those features would exist without its inventions, which were made over many years and after billions of dollars were invested in research. For the past five years, Apple has paid Nokia a modest royalty for the use of its patents. But with that pact expiring on December 31, Nokia wants Apple to keep paying for that portfolio, and is demanding that Apple licence additional patents. Apple is refusing to pay Nokia’s price and has accused it of extortion. The impasse, after two years of tense negotiations, broke into open warfare last month in a volley of lawsuits in 11 countries, including the United States and Germany. “Apple is saying, ‘we want to pay one low price and not have to deal with any of your patents again’,” Clem Roberts, an intellectual property lawyer at Durie Tangri in San Francisco, said. “Nokia is saying, ‘I don’t want that low price because my patents are worth more than that.’” The fight underscores just how much today’s smartphones rely on an earlier generation of technology. It also shows how cellphone pioneers like Nokia, Ericsson of Sweden and Motorola, whose patents are now owned by Google, are still trying to profit from the industry in which they are now bit players, at best. “Obviously, the iPhone was not created on a green field but was built on what others created before Apple,” said Florian Mueller, a German iPhone app developer and former consultant to technology companies who has followed the cellphone patent wars. “On the other hand, the iPhone was a paradigm shift. It was more of a mobile computer than a mobile phone.” Patent disputes are common in the technology industry. This month, for instance, Samsung won a partial victory over Apple when the US Supreme Court ruled that it should not have to give up all of its phone profits for copying the look of Apple’s iPhone. Google, part of Alphabet, won a similar case against Oracle in May after it was accused of copying software code used for Android, the search giant’s smartphone operating system. But the tactics are evolving as the law and technology change. When the Supreme Court a decade ago limited the leverage that patent owners had to stop sales of a product that violated their patents, it empowered patent users to play hardball in negotiations, Roberts, the intellectual property lawyer, said. Companies like Nokia and Ericsson, which once had an interest in exchanging mutual licences with other companies for their own cellphone businesses, left the handset market and concentrated on other tech gear and licensing their old patents. Nokia and Ericsson each make more than $1 billion a year from licensing their patents and brands globally, their annual reports say. Nokia has split its patent portfolio and transferred slices to patent trolls — a derisive term for companies that buy others’ intellectual property and often file lawsuits to extract royalties from patent users — with Nokia sharing in any profits. In its legal filing on Tuesday, Apple claimed that this strategy was a conspiracy between Nokia and its patent partners, which include Acacia Research and Conversant Intellectual Property Management, to raise patent prices in violation of federal antitrust law. Apple said Acacia and Conversant had filed 52 cases against the company around the world, many asserting violations of Nokia patents. In September, Acacia won a $22.1 million jury verdict against Apple, and last week, Conversant won $7.3 million. “Unfortunately, Nokia has refused to licence their patents on a fair basis and is now using the tactics of a patent troll to attempt to extort money from Apple by applying a royalty rate to Apple’s own inventions they had nothing to do with,” Apple said in a statement about the case. In response, Nokia filed legal cases against Apple in 14 venues, from Texas to Japan accusing it of violating 40 patents. Nokia said it had reached patent deals with more than 100 other companies, including many smartphone makers, which demonstrated that it had offered its intellectual property at a fair price. “After several years of negotiations trying to reach agreement to cover Apple’s use of these patents, we are now taking action to defend our rights,” Ilkka Rahnasto, the head of Nokia’s patent business, said in a statement. Important patents Analysts say there is no doubt that Nokia owns important patents, which include those related to how phones transmit data and how their batteries consume energy. Ericsson, which also had a long-standing legal dispute with Apple before they agreed to a new licensing deal last year, similarly has a large portfolio of patents — including technology for how smartphones make calls and how video is beamed onto a handset. “Unless there’s a fair return on this technology, the whole model for the telecom world is at risk,” Gustav Brismark, Ericsson’s chief intellectual property officer, said. He added that the company had invested billions of dollars over decades in its patents. In the past, Brismark said, companies quickly reached agreements over how to use Ericsson’s patents. But in the past five years, companies like Apple have more often turned to courts to reach settlements. Central to the latest dispute between Apple and Nokia is what is a fair and reasonable fee to use Nokia technology that is now part of every smartphone. Patent lawyers say there has been a tradition of charging a modest royalty for patents on standard technologies. Previously, Nokia fought bitter legal battles with other smartphone makers, including Samsung and LG, over how they used its patents. As Nokia seeks to require Apple to pay to licence more of its patents, some of its recent claims may be hard to justify. In one of its lawsuits filed last month, it says Apple is violating a patent Nokia received two months ago for an electronic device case that includes a hole for a camera lens in the back and room for a battery beneath the display, features that have been common to smartphones for many years. Still, Roberts said US courts have been sceptical of patent-related antitrust claims like those by Apple. “The whole point of the government granting these patents is that it was giving the inventor a monopoly over that invention,” he said. But Apple and Nokia are fighters, and too much is at stake for either to give up easily. “What is a fair return on technology that has been shared with everyone?” Brismark of Ericsson said. “You have to create the right incentives for tech pioneers.”   Tweet Go to Top Videos Mulayam Singh avoids question on rift in... Bengaluru rings in New Year in style... SC sacks Anurag Thakur as BCCI President... Film producer Abis Rizvi killed in Istanbul... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Such incidents do happen: Parameshwara on Bengaluru molestation charge 2.PM should apologise to nation after end of 50-day period: Cong 3.CM Siddaramaiah fuels job quota debate, pleads for reservation in pvt sector 4.Face punishment for note ban woes, AAP tells Modi 5.Former TN chief secretary slams centre for raids 1.NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 2.Manual khatas not valid for property registration: minister 3.Retail trends to watch out for in 2017 4.Equip yourself with skills for tomorrow 5.Diners can refuse to pay service charge 1. Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways' 2. Kaif trolled for doing 'Surya Namskar', answers back critics 3. Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict 4. NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 5. Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC Photo Gallery Vehicles move amidst a thick blanket of fog in Bhopal on Monday... Tourists click selfies amid fresh snowfall in Kufri near Shimla on Monday... Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa arrives to pay homage at Amar Jawan Jyoti... Shuttler PV Sindhu and coach P Gopichand walk the ramp during the Opening Ceremony of the... People enjoy boating on the Narmada river on the first day of new year 2017 in Jabalpur on... Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama with high monks and devotees on the first day of... A Sikh devotee blows fire during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... Sikh devotees perform marshal arts during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... , J&K: A man tries to climb huge icicles at Kokarnag in Anantnag District of South Kashmir on... BJP supporters at the party's Parivartan Rally in Lucknow on Monday... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS Militant killed in encounter with security forces in J-K I spent time handling Ratan Tata’s demands: Cyrus Mistry Government plans law as attacks on doctors by patients’ kin rise Election symbol: Is Chandra Shekhar’s erstwhile party Akhilesh’s Plan B? ​ No negative impact on cricket: Venky Mysore How Akhilesh Yadav won the SP power struggle 2017 begins on a turbulent note for Indian sports Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 02 Janmarket stats SENSEX 26,595-31.01 NIFTY 50 8,180-6.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 27,568123.00 USD/INR 68.230.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty, Live Today, 2017-01-03 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple has no plans to source component locally, or to export phones By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | Jan 02, 2017, 01.43 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Samsung | Narendra Modi | market share | iPhone | Foxconn | distribution | Apple Apple’s position on assembling iPhones in India is in contrast to its biggest rival Samsung Electronics, which exports products made at plants set up in Noida and Sriperumbudur, and other companies that have started basic sourcing of parts from the country. KOLKATA: Apple's plan to assemble iPhones in India will be drastically different from those of rivals with plants in the country. The iPhones proposed to be assembled in Bengaluru will be primarily for sale only locally and not meant for overseas markets. Additionally, none of the components will be sourced from local companies, two senior industry executives aware of the plans said. Apple also won't customise the handsets for India even though the local team has been pushing the Cupertino-based company to roll out a dual-SIM iPhone, considering that about 80 per cent of the domestic market consists of such devices, the executives said. Apple's position on assembling iPhones in India is in contrast to its biggest rival Samsung Electronics, which exports products made at plants set up in Noida and Sriperumbudur, and other companies that have started basic sourcing of parts from the country. Still, the assembling operations are crucial for Apple's plans for India, the world's fastest-growing smartphone market. The company management has been pushing India to double revenue to $3 billion by 2017-18. Local assembly will help Apple to comply with norms to start operating company-owned outlets in India and get a 10 per cent tax benefit, which will allow it to reduce iPhones prices, the executives said. "The Indian assembling unit is not being set up to add capacity to global operations, considering the company just announced a decision to cut global production by 10 per cent. It's to boost its other business plans in India and also build a strong relationship with the government," one of the executives said. Apple declined to comment on the matter. Apple currently assembles iPhones in China through Foxconn, Pegatron and Wistron for its global operations. It also has an iPhone assembling unit in Brazil run by Foxconn. The executives said Wistron became a partner of choice for its India assembly plan since it had already set up a repair unit for the company in Bengaluru last year. The facility, which is running at sub-optimal capacity, has the capability to undertake hardware repair work such as screen replacement, which was earlier done in China and Singapore. Apple plans to start assembling iPhones in India this year. The decision was taken barely seven months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi proposed the idea to Apple CEO Tim Cook, who visited India in May last year. The company took almost three years to decide on setting up its distribution and repair centres in India, both of which came up last year, the executives said. In 2015-16, Apple overtook domestic handset maker Micromax Informatics by revenue to become India's second-largest smartphone maker after sales increased 54 per cent to `9,997.1crore ($1.5 billion). "The bulk of Apple's revenue is driven by older handsets, which are priced at about `20,000. The company wants to push sales of the new iPhone models in India, which is possible by availing tax benefits from local manufacturing," one executive said. Apple's market share in the Indian smartphone market was 1.1 per cent in the July-September quarter, with Samsung leading with a 22.6 per cent share and Micromax in second spot with 9.9 per cent, according to Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Get more customers by advertising with Colombia Colombia Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA VIRAL GALLERY MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES The party destination to be at for New Year's eve: Mykonos Infrastructure Management & Leaders READ MORE ON » Samsung | Narendra Modi | market share | iPhone | Foxconn | distribution | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Road ahead not easy, Infosys CEO Sikka tells employees How Team Lucideus spent sleepless nights to make BHIM invincible Revenues of IT companies may contract 3% this year Apple Inc to flourish if it pours funds into India Azim Premji asks Wipro employees to focus on core principles in 2017 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Year-End Special 2016|UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Live: Currency Demonetisation|Gold Rate RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea January 1 AAPL: 115.82 -0.91 Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Jordan Kahn - 1 day ago @JordanKahn Feature Trending Topics Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It’s officially 2017 and we’re already looking forward to what Apple has in store over the next twelve months. This year will mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, and the grand opening of Apple’s ‘Spaceship’ Campus 2 headquarters in Cupertino where it will host events at a new 1000 seat auditorium, and that’s before we even get to actual products. Head below for our look at what’s next for Apple as we ring in the New Year. iPhone 8 | iOS 11 There are a few things to keep in mind for the iPhone launch next year that weren’t factors in 2016 with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus lineup. First off, if reports that Apple isn’t planning to update the iPhone SE, the last of the 4-inch iPhone models that it introduced last March, are accurate, that could be a reason to upgrade or a deciding factor for some looking to switch to a different device this year. At the same time Apple appears to be prototyping larger screen sizes for the iPhones with the latest intel pointing towards a pro model that includes a larger up-to-5.8-inch OLED display with curved edges. Add in clues that Apple is considering wireless charging, a new all-glass design, an embedded home button, and more, and this year’s iPhone update looks like it will be a significant one for what will be the device’s 10 year anniversary. We’d also expect a preview of iOS 11 at Apple’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference in June if the company follows its usual timeline. Our full rundown on the latest iPhone 8 intel is here.  iPad Back in August, typically reliable supply chain analyst KGI pointed to three new iPad models that Apple has planned for 2017. If that report is accurate, we could see a new second-generation 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a low-cost 9.7 inch iPad, and a new iPad Pro with a 10.5 inch display, which would be an entirely new screen size for Apple’s tablet range and could presumably replace the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro that Apple introduced back in March. In November, one report from Digitimes backed up reports of an incoming 10.5-inch model, while a separate report from Japanese site Macotakara said that a new 10.9-inch iPad rumored for release early next year will have the same footprint as the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro. In that case, perhaps that’s the same low-cost 9.7-inch model referred in KGI’s report.  When will we see the new iPads? March would make a lot of sense for a launch given past iPad launches. But a report earlier month claimed low yield rates for the A10X chip could delay production of the tablets beyond the planned March timeframe. That chip is expected to be used in at least the new higher-end Pro iPads. While the iPhone 8 is expected to see a switch to an OLED display for at least some models, the KGI report earlier this year claimed Apple was targeting 2018 for the launch of an iPad with a similar flexible or curved OLED panel. Mac | macOS 10.13 With Apple’s recent launch of the new 2016 MacBook Pros and a collaboration with LG on new 4K and 5K displays, in 2017 we’re looking forward to updates to other Macs, namely an iMac update reportedly in the works. That doesn’t mean that MacBooks won’t see a refresh this year, though. While the 12-inch MacBook and especially the new MacBook Pro are still relatively new machines, Bloomberg reported earlier this month that Apple is at least currently targeting spec bump upgrades for both devices sometime over 2017. It also added to the earlier supply chain reports that iMac would receive an update with updated graphics chips and USB-C ports, which we are assuming will be Thunderbolt 3 like the new MacBook Pro. Despite any intel as of yet, the Mac Pro is the Mac most in need of an update at this point, so that’s another possibility for the year ahead. Like iOS 11, we’d expect Apple to continue tradition of previewing macOS 10.13 at its annual WWDC developer conference in June ahead of a release in the fall. Touch Bar and Touch ID on standalone keyboard? As a side note to Mac updates, we reported earlier this year that Apple held talks with Foxconn startup Sonder, a company building dynamic E Ink keyboard tech in the form a standalone keyboard product and laptop modules it plans to offer OEMs. That was right before Apple introduced its new Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro later that month and The Wall Street Journal interestingly followed up with a report that Apple is planning to launch new Mac laptops with E-Ink dynamic keyboards in 2018 that include contextually-sensitive display emojis and special characters. That sounds a lot like Sonder’s tech and an expansion of the Touch Bar to a full keyboard, and that would also make it possible for Apple to release a standalone keyboard with similar functionality for desktop Macs– something that was a big topic of conversation following the introduction of the Touch Bar on MacBook Pro. Apple Watch With the recent introduction of the Series 2 Apple Watch and Nike+ Edition model, we got a taste of how Apple will play the Watch upgrade cycle. It ditched the gold this time around and introduced a more mid-range but premium ceramic model, introduced a new and improved but lower-end Series 1, and in the process updated the entire line with new specs for Series 2 including an increased focus on health and activity features. I’d expect a similar update for Series 3 in the fall this year, although not much is known about what Apple has in the works. Cellular connectivity and integrated cameras, perhaps for FaceTime, have been features many have speculated could be next. At the very least I’d expect to see new materials used– black ceramic is an option, as is titanium, both materials popular among high-end watchmakers without gold price points. As always, we could get a preview of new software features at WWDC in June. Apple TV / Siri Speaker Not much is known about Apple TV upgrades that might be in the works for 2017, but all the reports of Apple’s negotiations with cable companies and content providers for a TV service could hopefully result in something this year. Apple is also stepping up efforts with original content including its first documentary as a tie-in with Apple Music. The company notably released a new TV app for Apple TV late in 2016, which we noted could really be seen as a first step to a full-fledged streaming service. And it’s currently US only, as is the new single-sign on feature that makes it easy to authenticate your cable provider and access available content while we wait for that real streaming service. So there’s lots of room for expansion there. Like the other OS updates, we’d expect tvOS 11 to be previewed at WWDC in June. At WWDC last year Apple released its Siri SDK, a move that was reportedly made ahead of a planned Amazon Echo/Google Home hardware competitor. Reports of that device’s development have been plenty, including a recent report from Bloomberg that product is now in prototype testing ahead of an expected 2017 release. That report also noted that Apple once considered offering the functionality in the form of an updated Apple TV, but we’d expect the standalone Siri speaker to still be highly integrated with upcoming tvOS and HomeKit updates. BeatsX AirPods are out, but Apple’s other W1-chip enabled Bluetooth earbuds called BeatsX won’t arrive until February according to recent reports. These aren’t cord-free, and they are priced similarly to AirPods at $149, but they pack in longer 8 hour battery life, Lightning charging, and a more customizable fit than AirPods with all the pairing and connectivity benefits of the W1 chip.  Campus 2 Apple is expected to be moving over 13,000 employees into its new 176-acre “Campus 2” this year, making the site not only the company’s new Cupertino HQ but also the venue of future product unveilings and Apple events. That could give a new face to Apple events being planned for 2017, and the company could perhaps even have something special planned for early this year when it’s expected to officially begin moving in. It’s unclear if Apple could possibly host all of its future events at the campus and the location’s 1000 seat auditorium, or if it will continue to host larger events like WWDC at outside venues.  The company is currently thought to be planning a move to the location by the end of January 2017, that is at least according to Tim Cook’s latest memo to employees last year. Apple started hiring full-time staff for the new campus back in November, and it estimates landscaping work to continue into the first quarter of 2017. Check out our recent 100th Happy Hour podcast episode where Zac and Benjamin discuss these and other possibilities for 2017: blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks I Won't Be Selling In 2017 These three innovators are worth holding throughout 2017 and beyond. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jan 1, 2017 at 1:33PM Oftentimes, portfolio performance can benefit from lack of action. In other words, investors may be better off simply leaving their stocks alone, and not worrying about timing the market to buy and sell at the right times. "We continue to make more money when snoring than when active," famed investor Warren Buffett has said. On a similar note, he has said, "Our favorite holding period is forever." With this important investment principle in mind, here are three stocks in my portfolio I almost certainly won't be selling in 2017: Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Image source: Getty Images. Tesla Motors: Tesla is likely the riskiest stock of these three. But selling before the automaker launches its lower-cost Model 3, which ultimately represents the realization of the company's "master plan" laid out over 10 years ago, could be a mistake. While the stock's valuation has undoubtedly already priced in expectations for extraordinary growth, 400,000 deposit-backed reservations for the highly anticipated vehicle preview a potential major tipping point toward electric vehicles -- and Tesla would be at the center of this critical shift. Facebook: Facebook stock has run into some road bumps recently. The stock has slid about 11% since the company reported its third-quarter results on Nov. 2. The quarter's results were great, but investors were spooked by management's references to expectations for big investments in 2017. Investors, however, have seen this before. In 2014, Facebook similarly warned investors of plans for big investments -- and the stock has since soared 56%. Obviously, big spending doesn't automatically mean Facebook's stock will rise again. But the world's largest social network has earned my trust with its long-term plans as it charged forward with big investments in mobile, predicted Instagram's huge potential when it purchased it for $1 billion, and improved its native Facebook platform at a blistering speed that competition can't match. And it's not like Facebook can't afford to get more aggressive with its spending. The company generated $2.5 billion of free cash flow in its most recent quarter alone -- up from $1.4 billion in the year-ago quarter. Apple: Apple's revenue and EPS have faced headwinds recently, down 9% and 15%, respectively, in the tech giant's fiscal fourth quarter compared to the year-ago period. So why would I hold onto a business with financial results so dismal? Two reasons: The stock is cheap. With its price-to-earnings ratio of just 14, Apple stock already prices in expectations for sustained challenges. The scale and reach of Apple's robust ecosystem of user-friendly products has proved to be a sustainable foundation for customer loyalty, pricing power, and repeat purchases. Sometimes, it's best just to sit back and give your stocks time to perform. Image source: Getty Images. But beyond these reasons for holding these three stocks throughout 2017, my main motive for holding them is simply to avoid the pitfalls of market timing and to maximize my time invested in stocks. The best way I know to invest is to simply buy solid companies with long-term prospects and hold them for the long haul. Sure, if Tesla, Facebook, or Apple begin to consistently make poor decisions, I may consider selling. But barring any major unexpected issues, I plan to give them the chance to meet -- or possibly even exceed -- my expectations in 2017 and beyond. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple, Facebook, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Facebook, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 1:33PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.07 down $-1.28 (-1.10%) Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $213.69 down $0.99 (-0.46%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? 3 Large-Cap Stocks to Buy in January Facebook and Google Have the Same Problem Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Stocks I Won't Be Selling In 2017 #stocks $AAPL, $FB, $TSLA
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8: The Biggest And First AMOLED iPhone Reported For September 2017 Release Date Technology 3 0 0 January 1, 2017 iPhone 8: The Biggest And First AMOLED iPhone Reported For September 2017 Release Date Jovi Figueroa The iPhone 7 screen looked so good despite its dated LCD tech, but the iPhone 8 is pushing forward as Apple’s first AMOLED iPhone—and also one with the biggest screen yet. The smartphone industry has been one of the, if not the, most fast-paced industries in the realm of technology. This has been especially true for the leaders of the smartphone industry, Samsung and Apple, as they release brand new flagships year in and year out, with the next one showcasing even more cutting-edge tech than the last. But did you know that Apple’s latest premium smartphone line, the iPhone 7, is equipped with tech that has been abandoned by most smartphones as early as the Samsung S II? Yup, the iPhone 7 is still equipped with an LCD screen, a technology that has been gaining declining support from smartphone creators as early as 2008, when Nokia came out with the first AMOLED display smartphone: the Nokia N85. The iPhone 7 refused to jump on the AMOLED bandwagon [Image by Chesnot/Getty Images] For the not-so-technologically-savvy, AMOLED and LCD displays both have merits to themselves, as expertly nitpicked by Android Authority. LCD displays have had a good run, donning a more consistent screen life than AMOLED, but as people tend to upgrade more frequently nowadays, beautiful displays start to supersede display life. AMOLED displays, in particular, has been gaining momentum in the smartphone industry in the recent years as it is able to display unmatched color saturation, good battery life preservation, and opens new doors of possibilities when it comes to creating thin and flexible displays. Bendable OLED prototype [Image by Jae C. Hong/AP Photo] While the iPhone 7 has pulled through with LCD by incorporating technology called DCI-P3 wide color gamut into its LCD, as Wiredexplains, it looks like the time has come for the smartphone giant to finally yield to the AMOLED trend as news from DigiTimes reports that Samsung will be supplying AMOLED panels for Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8. According to the report, Samsung Display will become the exclusive supplier of AMOLED panels, which will be used by the 2017 iPhone 8. According to their unidentified sources, Apple will launch 4.7-, 5.5-, and 5.8-inch new iPhone models in the second half of 2017. Interestingly, the 4.7- and 5.5-inch variants will still come in the traditional iPhone LCD. The huge 5.8 version, the version believed to be the iPhone 8 flagship, will be the only variant to come with the AMOLED panel. Leaks and rumors of the iPhone 8 coming with AMOLED and bezel-less displays have been circulating before 2016 came to a close, and it looks like multiple sources are corroborating the information that, indeed, the iPhone 8 will set another bar for the smartphone industry. Surely, Apple is preparing some explosive stuff for their upcoming iPhone 8, since it will mark the line’s 10th year anniversary. iPhones have stuck with mid-sized smartphones before they broke the trend with the iPhone 6, so it’s not such a big surprise that they are releasing an ever bigger iPhone 8 as the market continues to shift to preferring huge displays, like Samsung’s Galaxy Note series. Forbes, along with other reports, expects that the 5.8 inches that the iPhone 8 will come in will not only be its phone size, but its display size as well, as rumors point to a bezel-less iPhone 8, much like the Galaxy S7 Edge and the short-lived Galaxy Note 7. iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship https://t.co/rgUYP9hM7n #iPhone — iPhone News (@iPhone_News) December 30, 2016 The report also suggests that Apple is expecting 60-70 million units of iPhone 8 to ship globally in 2017, which s a pretty bold estimate for Apple since the company has witnessed a consistent decline in iPhone sales in the recent years. But as Apple celebrates its 10th year anniversary, it looks like the iPhone 8 only aims to go big, lest it goes home. The new iPhone 8 is expected to start production as early as March, with an estimated release date of September 2017. What game-changing design do you think will the iPhone 8 introduce this time around? [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: Apple, Galaxy Note, iPhone 7, iPhone 8 January 2, 2017 WWE News: Big News Regarding ‘WrestleMania 34’ Already Confirmed December 30, 2016 WWE News: Speculation On ‘WrestleMania’ Plans For AJ Styles, Randy Orton, & Bray Wyatt View full timeline 23 hours ago Apple 2017 Predictions: Steve Jobs Helps iPhone 8 Sales, Stock Prices 1 day ago iPhone 8: The Biggest And First AMOLED iPhone Reported For September 2017 Release Date Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers For Episode 2: Nick Viall Heads Out On His First Dates, Awkward Moments Are Ahead Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.4k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. What to expect from Apple in 2017 Tech Insider 1 day ago Steve Kovach © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP 2016 was a bit of an off year for Apple. iPhone sales were down for the first time in the product's history. The iPhone 7 turned out to be a great phone, but Apple upset a lot of people by removing the headphone jack. The AirPods were delayed two months, meaning most people couldn't get them in time for the holidays. (You'll have to wait until February 2017 for them to arrive if you order them now.) And Consumer Reports torched the new MacBook Pro for its inconsistent battery life. So what does 2017 look like for Apple? Here's what I predict will dominate the conversation around Apple's products next year. It's not an all-inclusive list, but it's the stuff you'll likely care the most about. New iPads © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP It feels like an eternity since Apple had anything to say about the iPad. We got the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro this past spring, but every other iPad model is one to three years old at this point.  The lineup is well overdue for a refresh, and it sounds like that may be coming soon. Rumors are all over the place, but it sounds like Apple is planning to release some new iPad models in the spring of 2017. Some reports say the new iPads will have slightly larger screens (10 inches, up from 9.7 inches), and that the non-Pro models will work with the Apple Pencil. Unfortunately, the early reports about the new crop of iPads are so consistent that it's tough to lock down exactly what Apple will end up launching. But it is pretty clear Apple's 2017 will start with the iPad. A greater emphasis on Siri © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP Two of Apple's biggest rivals doubled down on voice assistants this year, leaving Siri in the dust. Google launched its excellent new Assistant on the Pixel phone and Google Home speaker. Assistant can tap into Google's vast library of internet knowledge to bring you the answers you want. Amazon continued to define the voice assistant category by expanding Alexa to new Echo devices like the Dot and Amazon Tap. Plus, third parties started integrating Alexa into their gadgets. (Expect to see so much more of that in 2017, by the way.) Despite its five-year head start on the competition, Siri still feels woefully behind. Apple added limited third-party support for Siri, but there are few signs it's really taking off.  What could we see from Siri in 2017? The good news for Apple is it's sitting on a lot of excellent AI and voice control technology, especially thanks to its purchase of a UK-based startup called VocalIQ. I wrote about VocalIQ way back in May. The technology would allow users to control all their Apple gadgets with just their voice, which will be useful in the home, car, and while using the AirPods. Here's what I reported at the time: Because VocalIQ understands context so well, it essentially eliminates the need to look at a screen for confirmation that it’s doing what you want it to do. That’s useful on the phone, but could be even better for other ambitious projects like the car or smart-speaker system Apple is reportedly building. (VocalIQ was being pitched as a voice-controlled AI platform for cars before Apple bought the company.) In fact, VocalIQ only considers itself a success when the user is able to complete a task without looking at a screen. Siri, Google Now, and Cortana often ask you to confirm tasks by tapping on the screen. 2017 would be a great time for Apple to start incorporating VocalIQ's technology into Siri, considering how far ahead the competition is today.  Another dull year for the Mac © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP The only thing of note to happen with the Mac this year was the launch of the new MacBook Pro. And even that was met with a lot of anger. Many were upset that they had to purchase a lot of adapters to get their accessories to work with the new Thunderbolt 3 port. And then everyone learned the MacBook Pro's battery life was nowhere near as good as Apple claimed. Bummer. It doesn't look like much more is in store for the Mac in 2017. The iMac could get a spec bump and the battery life on the MacBook Pro could (and should!) get fixed, but don't expect much else. Modest improvements to the Apple Watch © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP Apple learned a major lesson with the Apple Watch, and has since scaled back expectations for the device and focused on health and fitness instead with the new Apple Watch Series 2. It's unlikely the Apple Watch will get a significant update in 2017, but I wouldn't be surprised if a new model showed up with 4G connectivity so you could use it without your iPhone. A major iPhone refresh © Provided by Business Insider Inc AP 2017 will mark the iPhone's tenth anniversary, and it sounds like Apple is gearing up for a blowout. The next iPhone is said to be a major refresh with an all-glass design, no bezels around the screen, and possibly a version with a curved display. Not to mention wireless charging, the death of the home button, and a new screen technology called OLED, which provides deeper, richer colors. By now there are so many reputable reports backing up these claims that it's silly not to believe them. The iPhone is Apple's most important and profitable product. If it feels like the company has shifted focus from other categories to focus on the iPhone, it's easy to see why. It's the product you're going to care the most about and spend the most money on. Expect to start seeing the first design leaks early in 2017. Rebound? After a year full of various stumbles, Apple is exiting 2016 on shakier ground than it started. Besides the next iPhone, there doesn't seem to be too much coming in the pipeline to get super excited about. The big challenge for Apple in 2017 will be to unlock more potential from its products by continuing to improve where it's always been the weakest: AI, software, and other digital services. Go to MSN Home More in Money 10 brands that will disappear in 2017 24/7 Wall St. Most and least expensive states to live in Lovemoney 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The Street The best charities to donate to 24/7 Wall St. 19 cities that will rule the world in 2025 Lovemoney The 10 best stocks to buy for 2017 InvestorPlace Up Next What to buy and what to skip in January Cheapism AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Tech Insider 12 secrets about Tesla cars you probably didn't know Tech Insider The first 13 apps you should download for your new iPhone Tech Insider Where are the first 10 Apple employees today? Tech Insider Google's self-driving cars have driven 2M+ miles but need work in 1 area Tech Insider Tech Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Technology|What U.S. Tech Giants Face in Europe in 2017 Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2hHaqVk Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Technology Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story What U.S. Tech Giants Face in Europe in 2017 By Mark Scott For American tech behemoths like Google and Facebook, Europe can be both a blessing and a curse. The region and its 500 million consumers are one of the companies’ most important overseas markets. And in cities from Lisbon to Ljubljana, people often can’t get enough YouTube videos, Amazon purchases and Twitter messages. Yet policy makers in the 28-member European Union have also become some of the most ardent critics of how Silicon Valley companies dominate much of the digital world. The criticisms include the companies’ perceived failure to pay local taxes and their collection of reams of personal information. These tensions took center stage in 2016: Apple was ordered to pay 13 billion euros, or about $13.7 billion, in back taxes to the Irish government; Google was accused of unfairly favoring some of its digital services over those of rivals; and Uber was prohibited from operating some of its ride-booking services in the region. The companies deny wrongdoing. The next 12 months are shaping up to be potentially even more painful. Many of the investigations that started in 2016 will be decided in the coming year. If Silicon Valley companies lose the battles, they could be forced to change how they operate not only in Europe, but also farther afield. Here is what awaits them in 2017. Google Image At Google offices in France. CreditJacques Brinon/Associated Press Google is facing three sets of antitrust charges in Europe related to some of its search services and Android, its popular smartphone operating system. The first set of charges — linked to accusations that Google unfairly promoted its shopping product over those of rivals — could be decided by early spring and might lead to a fine of up to 10 percent of the company’s global revenue, or about $7.5 billion (though most penalties are significantly less). The company has repeatedly denied that it favors its own services over those of others, and it is spending close to a half-billion dollars across Europe to endear itself to locals. Any appeal of the decision would take years. Google’s European woes also extend to taxes, and French officials will most likely decide this year if the company must pay more than $1 billion in back taxes on its operations there. It also has appealed a decision by France’s data protection regulator that it must apply the “Right to Be Forgotten” rule across its global domains, including those in the United States. The current right allows people with connections to Europe to ask search engines to remove links to online content about themselves, under certain circumstances. The appeal will be heard in 2017. Apple Image CreditGabrielle Lurie/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images On the top of Apple’s agenda in 2017 will be its appeal of the €13 billion tax bill. Lawmakers in Ireland are also appealing the decision, claiming that the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union, overstepped its jurisdiction and that Apple did not receive preferential tax treatment. Both appeals are expected to be heard by Europe’s top courts in late 2017, at the earliest. The cases will most likely take on an increasingly political angle. President-elect Donald J. Trump has suggested that American companies with significant cash held overseas might be able to repatriate these nest eggs at a reduced tax rate. If Mr. Trump goes ahead with this plan, expect a standoff between American and European lawmakers over where such money — including from Apple — should be taxed. Facebook Image The entrance to Facebook’s headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. CreditJason Henry for The New York Times The social media giant is becoming an increasing target for European officials because of its ever-expanding role in the region’s economy. In 2017, Facebook will face the outcomes of investigations in France, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands about how it tracks both members and nonmembers who use the company’s services and visit third-party websites with embedded Facebook “like” buttons. The company won a similar case on appeal in Belgium. Facebook also has until the end of January to respond to European charges that it misled regulators when it sought approval for its $19 billion takeover of WhatsApp, the internet messenger it now owns. Amid concerns that Facebook did not sufficiently clamp down on fake news during the American presidential election, the company has faced similar worries in Europe, where some officials have called for it to be held responsible for such content, and for hate speech. In March, a German task force will report on how Facebook and other social media companies have responded to these issues. Legislation could follow if lawmakers believe the companies have not done enough. Uber Image CreditMark Ralston/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images The ride-hailing company has been locked in a yearslong struggle to operate freely across Europe after some taxi associations and policy makers accused it of flouting local rules and promoting unfair competition. In April, the European Court of Justice, the region’s highest court, is expected to rule on whether Uber is a transportation service or a digital platform — a decision that will have far-reaching consequences. If Uber is deemed a transportation service, it will have to comply with Europe’s tough taxi rules and not be able to offer some of its low-cost services. If the court rules Uber is a digital platform, the company will have greater ability to expand aggressively in the region, still one of its more important international markets. Amazon Image An Amazon distribution center in Bad Hersfeld, Germany. CreditJens Meyer/Associated Press The e-commerce giant is awaiting the results of a lengthy investigation into whether it received unfair tax treatment from the authorities in Luxembourg, where it has its European headquarters. Amazon denies the charges and says it complies with the tax rules where it operates. An outcome is expected by early summer at the earliest, and will follow similar tax cases against American companies like McDonald’s and Starbucks. In a sign that it was trying to get ahead of the issue, Amazon announced in 2015 that it would start paying taxes in a number of European countries where it has large operations, instead of funneling nearly all of its sales through Luxembourg. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Apps & Software AirPods might not be impossible to find for much longer Chris Smith @chris_writes January 1st, 2017 at 10:10 AM Share Tweet The AirPods are Apple’s hottest product right now, but the company is having trouble meeting the unexpectedly high demand that followed the delayed launch. Apple may have missed out on the crucial Christmas shopping season, but that might not be bad news considering that people are still looking to get their hands on a pair (if you’re still looking to score a pair of AirPods, this post will show you how). To that end, Apple’s AirPods manufacturer is reportedly in the process of expanding AirPods production capacity. Don't Miss: Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case According to Chinese-language Economic Daily News, quoted by Digitimes, Apple’s AirPods supplier Inventec has recently started expanding capacity at its Shanghai plants to increase output. The plants are also working overtime to deliver orders, the report goes to note. That said, we have no idea how many AirPods Apple has made so far, how many it’s mass-producing every day, or how many it has sold so far. Apple CEO Tim Cook said a few days ago that the AirPods are a “runaway success” for the company. That may very well be an accurate way to describe Apple’s performance, but Cook did not translate the company’s runaway success into actual numbers. What’s clear is that the $159 iPhone accessory is a big success with Apple fans. If you still haven’t had a chance to buy yours, at least now you know Apple is doing everything it can to increase supply. If you’re looking to find out when the AirPods will be in stock near you, check out this handy resource. Tags: AirPods, Apple View Comments Trending 1 Gaming CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things 2 Mobile This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone 3 Security Hackers have a new way to steal your banking login using WhatsApp 4 Mobile Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case 5 Entertainment The 10 best new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix in January Picked For You This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone By Zach Epstein January 2nd at 1:36 PM iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ By Yoni Heisler December 31st at 8:01 PM CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things By Mike Wehner January 2nd at 2:07 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple iOS 10.3 Beta Tipped For January With New 'Theater' Mode In Tow: What Could It Be? 1 January 2017, 11:10 am EST By Alexandra Burlacu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Apple has been working on iOS 10.3 and is apparently preparing to release the first beta on Jan. 10. According to a new leak, the upcoming beta update will bring a "Theater" mode to the table, but what could it entail?  ( Deborah Breen Whiting | Pixabay ) Advertisement Apple is reportedly gearing up to release iOS 10.3.1 beta in January and it could include an intriguing "Theater" mode, according to a new leak. The beta update could be focused on improving the iPad experience, but it remains unclear just what that Theater mode would entail. Before we dive any deeper, keep in mind that this information is not official and it may well turn out to be fake. In fact, Apple-centric publication AppleInsider says this rumor is "highly questionable" and it's best to take it with a hefty grain of salt. With that out of the way, here's the deal. Tipster Sonny Dickson, who has leaked Apple-related info on several occasions in the past, has now taken to Twitter to reveal that Apple will start seeding iOS 10.3 beta 1 on Jan. 10 and the update will include this so-called Theater mode. iOS 10.3 to feature a new Theatre mode - will include a new popcorn-shaped Control Center icon. — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 30, 2016 iOS 10.3 Theater: What Could It Be? The tipster doesn't offer any additional details as to what this Theater mode will bring to the table, so it remains unclear for now just how it will work. The purported name, however, suggests some special controls or settings for when users want to enjoy a movie without distractions. For instance, Theater mode could be a quick-access mode to disable system sounds, enable haptic feedback, reduce screen brightness and block incoming calls and messages when watching a movie. This mode would be suitable for going to a movie theater. At the same time, it could also refer to a set of settings for watching a movie on an iOS device, such as lowering the volume of system sounds or muting them without affecting the audio of the movie. iOS 10.3 Beta Release The purported Jan. 10 release date for the first iOS 10.3 beta would fall in line with AppleInsider's site analytics, which registered an increase in visits from Apple devices running iOS 10.3. The publication notes that it started seeing hits a few months ago, but there has been a significant spike in the past week. This could suggest that the beta is getting closer to release and a Jan. 10 rollout date doesn't seem too far-fetched. Aside from adding this rumored Theater mode, iOS 10.3 should also include some fixes to patch up the issues marring the iOS experience, which only got worse with the iOS 10.2 update. Battery drain is among the most persistent issues that Apple has yet to fix, but iOS 10.2.1 beta testers might have found a potential solution. It remains to be seen if the latest leak is accurate and, if so, just what iOS 10.3 will entail exactly. Until formal confirmation, however, retain a healthy dose of skepticism. TAG Apple, iOS 10.3, iOS 10 Beta, Beta Update, Theater © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles New iMessage Prank Text Crashes iPhones And Rebooting Won't Fix It: Here's What To Do iOS 10.2 Battery Bug Fix: Beta Testers Of iOS 10.2.1 Point To A Possible Solution iOS 10.2 Jailbreak May Be Released Sooner Than Expected A Decade Of iPhone: How Much Has It Evolved? Top 10 Paid iOS Apps And Games Of 2016: 'Assassin's Creed,' 'Minecraft: Pocket,' 'Heads Up!,' And More From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Valve Outs Best-Selling Steam Games Of 2016, Slashes Prices: 'No Man's Sky,' 'The Division,' 'Rocket League,' And More 2 Space NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth 3 Smart Home CES 2017: Expect Samsung To Change The Way You Look At Laundry With FlexWash And FlexDry Advertisement 4 Computers The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech How To Fix Android 7.1.1 Problems In Nexus And Pixel Phones: Battery And Connectivity Issues 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Life & Style 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? 8 Internet Netflix vs. Amazon Prime Video: Which Streaming Service Is Better For 2017? 9 Video Games Nintendo Switch Might Not Have Enough Power To Support Current-Gen Ports 10 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Increase Happiness Quickly EDITOR'S PICKS 2016 Extra 'Leap Second' Longer Because Of Ocean Waves Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android Nougat Update Will Vary Between 7.0 And 7.1.1 In Different Regions: What About Note 5 And S6 Variants? Dinosaur That Lost Teeth As An Adult May Explain Why Birds Have Toothless Beak Only 7,100 Cheetahs Left In The Wild: Extinction Looming For World's Fastest Mammal Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked China Confirms EmDrive Research, Plans To Use The Technology On Chinese Satellites As Soon As Possible Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website This Breathalyzer Can Diagnose 17 Diseases With Just One Puff From A Patient New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 | Main | Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition » January 01, 2017 Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority'   Apple acquired Anobit in 2011 and hired Aharon Aharon, a high profile figure in the Israeli tech scene. He founded Camero, an RF-based imaging system company in 2004, and worked for Zoran, Discretix and IBM. It was reported that Apple hired Aharon to assist them in opening a semiconductor development center in Israel. This week an Israeli publication reported that Aharon Aharon will be leaving Apple in the coming months to run Israel's 'Innovation Authority' which used to be called the Office of the Chief Scientist of the Economy Ministry. The Authority is in charge of the nation's innovation policies and aims to help foster resources and conditions to promote the nation's technological ecosystem.   The Times of Israel oddly referred to Aharon Aharon as the CEO of Apple Israel. The report specifically stated that "Aharon has served since 2011 as CEO of Apple Israel, and previously served in the IDF's elite Intelligence Unit 8200. He holds two degrees from the Technion, in computer and electrical engineering."   I don't know if that title is official or if it's just an awkward Israeli interpretation of the post he held, but it was used three times. Israel's Haaretz reporting on this same story simply referred to Aharon as 'Apple Israel Chief.'   Among the key challenges Aharon will have to face are an acute shortage of skilled manpower the high-tech industry is facing, to help continue to fuel the tech sector. The high-tech industry contributes to 50 percent of Israeli exports but employs less than 10% of the workers in the economy.   Whether Aharon's new appointment will give Apple any better governmental connections is unknown at this time, but it certainly won't hurt.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 01, 2017 at 09:12 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
0 8 2 1 4 6 4 8 Click to go now! About Submit News Advertise Promotions Home News Sports Governor Sports Outdoors Weather Weather Anncmts Pierre Chamberlain Mobridge Philip Miller Calendar Obituaries Road Report South Dakota Roads North Dakota Roads Nebraska Roads Minnesota Roads Wyoming Roads Montana Roads Listen Live Star 99 100.1 The Eagle River 92.7 94 Country KGFX AM KOLY AM Country 101 Mobile Apps AG Markets Sports Broadcast Bull Sales Home >  Sports >  Gov Wrestlers Go 3-3 at “The Clash” Gov Wrestlers Go 3-3 at “The Clash” January 1, 2017 By: Rod Fisher (trackwrestling.com)     PIERRE, S.D. – The Pierre Governor wrestling team bounced back on Saturday to win 3 matches and finish 3 and 3 at the 2 day “The Clash” wrestling tournament in Rochester, Minnesota that wrapped up on Saturday.  The Governors downed Thompson, Florida 54-19 in their first match on Saturday.  The Governors then scored a 36-33 win over Pewaukee, Alabama in the second match.  The Governors then ended Saturday with a 47-27 win over Bismarck Century.  William Turman, Lincoln Turman and icheal Lusk won all 6 matches they wrestled over the weekend to lead the Governor grapplers over the weekend. Bracket B – Pierre is guaranteed 8th place Match #1 Quarterfinal: Apple Valley defeated Pierre 47-13 152 – Devin Roberts (Apple Valley) over Maguire Raske (Pierre) Fall 4:35 160 – Tony Watts (Apple Valley) over Garrett Leesman (Pierre) Fall 1:13 170 – Jalen Thul (Apple Valley) over Unknown (Unattached) Forf 182 – Jonah Johnson (Apple Valley) over Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 4:53 195 – Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) over Tyler Kim (Apple Valley) Maj 13-2 220 – Tanyi Besong (Apple Valley) over Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) Maj 14-1 285 – Gable Steveson (Apple Valley) over Ty Paulsen (Pierre) Fall 0:38 106 – Martin Stewart (Apple Valley) over Jack Van Camp (Pierre) Dec 9-8 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over Regan Schrempp (Apple Valley) Dec 5-3 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over Peyton McLagan (Apple Valley) Dec 2-1 126 – Brady Gross (Apple Valley) over Cade Hinkle (Pierre) Maj 11-0 132 – Michael Lusk (Pierre) over Sebas Swiggum (Apple Valley) Dec 4-1 138 – Kyle Rathman (Apple Valley) over Austin Senger (Pierre) Dec 5-1 145 – Nate Larson (Apple Valley) over Aric Williams (Pierre) Dec 9-2 Match #2 Cons. Semi: Owatonna defeated Pierre 36-34 160 – Cade King (Owatonna) over Maguire Raske (Pierre) Fall 3:46 170 – Nick Staska (Owatonna) over Garrett Leesman (Pierre) Fall 4:57 182 – Brandon Moen (Owatonna) over Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 1:54 195 – Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) over Isaiah Noeldner (Owatonna) Fall 0:33 220 – Griffin Thorn (Owatonna) over Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 0:23 285 – Goy Tut (Owatonna) over Ty Paulsen (Pierre) Fall 5:51 106 – Jack Van Camp (Pierre) over Kanin Hable (Owatonna) Dec 5-2 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over Kaden Nelson (Owatonna) Fall 0:45 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over Joey Wencl (Owatonna) Fall 0:36 126 – Cade Hinkle (Pierre) over Joe Fox (Owatonna) Maj 15-2 132 – Michael Lusk (Pierre) over Riley Becker (Owatonna) Dec 3-0 138 – Austin Senger (Pierre) over Jacob Harlicker (Owatonna) Fall 0:54 145 – Bryce Goodwin (Owatonna) over Logan Meyer (Pierre) Dec 6-1 152 – Peyton Robb (Owatonna) over Aric Williams (Pierre) Dec 9-2 Match #3 7th Place Match: Foley defeated Pierre 34-29 170 – Driston Schyma (Foley) over Unknown (Unattached) Forf 182 – Ean Vonwald (Foley) over Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 3:21 195 – Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) over Unknown (Unattached) Forf 220 – Saylor Schmit (Foley) over Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 1:45 285 – Mitch Trigg (Foley) over Pryce Dyk (Pierre) Maj 11-1 106 – Jack Van Camp (Pierre) over Michael Moulzolf (Foley) Maj 9-1 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over Nathan Garceau (Foley) Fall 1:22 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over Ryan Dunlap (Foley) Dec 3-1 126 – Cameron Kowitz (Foley) over Cade Hinkle (Pierre) Dec 6-1 132 – Michael Lusk (Pierre) over John Dierkes (Foley) Maj 15-4 138 – Austin Senger (Pierre) over Austin Loehrer (Foley) Dec 10-4 145 – Aric Williams (Pierre) over Mitch Rothfork (Foley) Dec 7-3 152 – Justin Henry (Foley) over Maguire Raske (Pierre) Dec 6-2 160 – Noah Lefebvre (Foley) over Garrett Leesman (Pierre) Fall 3:19 8th Bracket – Pierre is guaranteed 1st place Match #1 Round 1: Pierre defeated Thompson 54-19 182 – Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) over KODIE ROBERTSON (Thompson) Fall 0:23 195 – Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) over Unknown (Unattached) Forf 220 – Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) over AUBREY GLIDEWELL (Thompson) Fall 0:10 285 – Ty Paulsen (Pierre) over SETH WHITLOCK (Thompson) Dec 2-1 106 – SAM LATONA (Thompson) over Jack Van Camp (Pierre) Fall 2:50 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over CHANDLER AKINS (Thompson) Dec 6-0 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over EMMANUEL OLIVER (Thompson) Fall 1:25 126 – Cade Hinkle (Pierre) over SETH GATLIN (Thompson) Fall 3:33 132 – GABE HIXENBAUGH (Thompson) over Michael Lusk (Pierre) Dec 3-1 138 – Austin Senger (Pierre) over JACOB MEGOIS (Thompson) Fall 3:21 145 – Aric Williams (Pierre) over CALVIN PICKENS (Thompson) Fall 2:52 152 – DEREK HUSSEY (Thompson) over Logan Meyer (Pierre) Maj 10-2 160 – Maguire Raske (Pierre) over LEVI JOHNSON (Thompson) Fall 0:22 170 – JACKSON ARANETA (Thompson) over Lee Snyder (Pierre) Forf Match #2 Round 2: Pierre defeated Pewaukee 36-33 195 – Jacob Raschka (Pewaukee) over Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) Dec 7-3 220 – Brandon Berg (Pewaukee) over Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) Fall 0:30 285 – Blaze Beltran (Pewaukee) over Pryce Dyk (Pierre) Fall 1:54 106 – Jack Van Camp (Pierre) over Nathan Carerros (Pewaukee) Dec 6-1 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over Rece Czerniejewski (Pewaukee) Fall 1:16 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over Cameron Maderski (Pewaukee) Fall 0:28 126 – Cade Hinkle (Pierre) over Jacob Duncan (Pewaukee) Dec 7-2 132 – Eric Halverson (Pewaukee) over Michael Lusk (Pierre) Dec 6-4 138 – Austin Senger (Pierre) over DJ Muller (Pewaukee) Fall 1:04 145 – Joe Sklenar (Pewaukee) over Logan Meyer (Pierre) Fall 4:18 152 – Aric Williams (Pierre) over Jacob Baker (Pewaukee) Fall 1:25 160 – Maguire Raske (Pierre) over Alex Mauch (Pewaukee) Fall 4:54 170 – Conner Goodman (Pewaukee) over Unknown (Unattached) Fall 0:02 182 – Jacob Sklenar (Pewaukee) over Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) Dec 10-8 Match #3 Round 3: Pierre defeated Bismarck Century 47-27 220 – Levi Stoltenburg (Pierre) over Philip Walter (Bismarck Century) Fall 0:57 285 – Seth Braun (Bismarck Century) over Ty Paulsen (Pierre) Dec 4-0 106 – Clay Radenz (Bismarck Century) over Jack Van Camp (Pierre) Dec 3-2 113 – Lincoln Turman (Pierre) over Dylan Barchenger (Bismarck Century) Fall 3:05 120 – William Turman (Pierre) over Shane Fleck (Bismarck Century) Inj 2:15 126 – Izaiah Bitz (Bismarck Century) over Cade Hinkle (Pierre) Fall 1:43 132 – Michael Lusk (Pierre) over Clint Coleman (Bismarck Century) Fall 1:15 138 – Mason Schulz (Bismarck Century) over Lee Snyder (Pierre) Fall 0:31 145 – Austin Senger (Pierre) over Matthew Rader (Bismarck Century) Fall 1:11 152 – Aric Williams (Pierre) over Trey Pajimula (Bismarck Century) TF 16-0 160 – Maguire Raske (Pierre) over Bo Bondeson (Bismarck Century) Fall 1:43 170 – Tanner Kress (Bismarck Century) over Unknown (Unattached) Forf 182 – Cameron Rants (Bismarck Century) over Lucas Stoltenburg (Pierre) Dec 3-1 195 – Spencer Sarringar (Pierre) over Jacob Rader (Bismarck Century) Fall 2:20 Comment Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in the comments section of DakotaRadioGroup.com are solely those of the comment author and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions held by DakotaRadioGroup.com. Comments are closed. National News IS makes unusual claim of responsibility for Turkey attack IS suicide bomber kills 36 in Baghdad market 10 Things to Know for Tuesday House GOP votes to gut independent ethics office With Roof as his own lawyer, sentencing to begin in slayings National Sports USC hits FG at gun, beats Penn State 52-49 in epic Rose Bowl Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski takes leave to have back surgery Alabama OC Kiffin leaving before national title game Wisconsin wins Cotton Bowl 24-16, only Western Michigan loss Appleby shines, No. 20 Florida beats Iowa in Outback Bowl Multimedia Pierre Mayor Show Dec 30th 2016 PIERRE SD – Pierre Mayor Laurie Gill was in the KGFX studio Friday and spoke with KGFX’s Morning Show Host Scott Lane about City Happenings in Pierre and reflected on 2016 and looking forward to 2017. Happy New Year Everyone!!    ... Fort Pierre Mayor Show Dec 28th 2016 Fort Pierre Mayor Show Dec 21st 2016 2016 Boys and Girls Club December Mega Raffle Drawing American Legion Train Day at the Post 8 Cabin Saturday Dec 17th Pierre Players “Nana’s Naughty Knickers” CACS Campaign being Held in Pierre and Surrounding Areas See All Videos See All Galleries Sections News Sports Obituaries Stations KGFX AM KGFX History 94 Country KPLO River 92.7 KGFX FM Country 101 KMLO Star 99 KOLY FM The Eagle 100.1 KJBI KOLY AM EEO Navigation Home About Advertise Contact Submit News Follow Us Copyright © 2011 Ingstad Family Media | Sitemap
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The story of how Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster and led it to rule the world, in 39 photos Matt Weinberger Jan. 1, 2017, 9:30 AM 424,964 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple co-founder Steve JobsAlessia Pierdomenico / Reuters Nowadays, Apple is the most valuable company in the world, thanks in huge part to the vision of the company's late cofounder and CEO Steve Jobs. But if you only saw the movie, you got less than half of the story. Once upon a time, Apple was a disaster, chewing through CEOs and delivering one bad quarter of financial results after another. In 1996, knowing he had to do something dramatic, Apple's CEO at the time Gil Amelio negotiated a deal to buy NeXT, the computer company owned by an exiled Jobs, in hopes that he would bring some much-needed direction to the company. Instead, Jobs manipulated the board into getting Amelio fired and decided that if Apple were to be saved, he would be the one to do it — even if it meant getting help from the company's rivals at Microsoft. Here's what happened next. View As: One Page Slides In late 1996, Apple announced plans to bring cofounder Steve Jobs back into the fold 11 years after he left the company by acquiring his startup NeXT for $429 million — just in time for Jobs to join then-Apple CEO Gil Amelio on stage at January 1997's Macworld Expo, a convention for Mac enthusiasts, as a keynote speaker. Lou Dematteis/Reuters Steve Jobs' NeXT found its niche selling graphically intensive PCs with cutting-edge screens to universities and banks. Apple hoped that Jobs would revitalize the Mac maker, whose stock had hit a 12-year low under Amelio's leadership and experienced crippling losses. AP Images On July 4, 1997, Jobs persuaded Apple's board to oust Amelio and make Jobs the interim, and then permanent, CEO. In August 1997, Jobs took the stage at another Macworld Expo to announce that Apple had taken a $150 million investment from its long-time rivals at Microsoft. "We need all the help we can get," Jobs said, to boos from the audience. Jim Bourg/Reuters In fact, by 1997, Apple's financial situation was so dire that Dell CEO and founder Michael Dell, one of Microsoft's biggest partners, once said that if he were in Jobs' shoes, he'd "shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders." Mario Tama/Getty Images But in early 1998, at yet another Macworld Expo in San Francisco, Jobs ended his keynote with the first of his soon-to-be ubiquitous "One More Thing" announcements: Thanks to Jobs' product direction and Microsoft's help, Apple was finally profitable again. Reuters Also in 1998, Jobs hired an executive named Tim Cook to head up Apple's worldwide operations. Cook would stay with the company, eventually becoming chief operating officer. Flickr/Thetaxhaven Jobs needed the help. At this point, Jobs was CEO of both Apple and Pixar Studios, of which he had become chief investor in 1986 after funding it with $10 million. Jobs is actually credited as an executive producer on 1995's "Toy Story." Getty / Gabe Palacio Behind the scenes, Jobs was making some big changes for Apple employees, too: Under Jobs, the Apple cafeteria got much better food, and employees were barred from bringing their pets to the campus. He wanted everybody focused on Apple. Instagram, @paulomshah Almost exactly a year after that Microsoft cash came in, in August 1998, Apple would release the iMac, an all-in-one, high-performance computer codesigned by Jobs and new talent Jonathan Ive. Mousse Mousse/Reuters The iMac came in multiple colors, the first time the world would get a taste of Ive's computer design sensibilities. This first iMac was a much-needed hit, selling 800,000 units in its first five months. AP Jobs had originally pitched the name "MacMan" for this new Mac. It was Ken Segall, an executive with Apple's ad agency at the time, who suggested "iMac." The "i" is for "internet," since it took only two steps to connect to the web, in case you were wondering. But Apple has also said it stands for "individuality" and "innovation." Ken Segall The naming scheme would stick around. In 1999, Apple introduced the "iBook," a funky machine that tried to replicate the iMac's success as an entry-level laptop. Photos courtesy of Portfolio/Penguin, publisher of JONY IVE, The Genius Behind Apple's Greatest Products But Apple's next really dramatic move would come in 2001, when Mac OS X was released. Where Apple had been treading water with Mac OS 8 and 9, OS X was a drastic redesign, based largely on the Unix and BSD technology at the core of Jobs' NeXT Computers. Lou Dematteis/Reuters From here, things started moving fast and furious for Apple. Later in 2001 Apple would open its first retail stores, in Virginia and California. Mario Tama/Getty Images In October, Jobs' Apple would take its first steps beyond the Mac with the iPod, a digital music player that promised "1,000 songs in your pocket." The iPod actually got off to a slow start, largely because it started at a pricey $399 and worked only on Macs. STR New/Reuters In 2003, Apple opened up the iTunes Music Store, with its novel pricing model of $0.99 per song, to turn the iPod into the center of a digital media universe. Around the same time, both iTunes and the iPod hit Windows, jump-starting Apple's music play. Getty Images But in 2003 Jobs received some news that would cast a shadow over the good times at Apple: He had pancreatic cancer. He kept it a secret until sharing the news with employees in 2004. Sean Gallup/Getty Images In just six years, Apple had gone from a laughing stock in tech to a serious player. And from 2003 to 2006, it went from around $6 per share to about $80 per share. Apple was still lagging behind Microsoft in marketshare, but it was making serious money. Celebrities like U2 and John Mayer were tapped to help out at company events. Tim Mosenfelder / Getty Over the years, Jobs' Apple had been asked to extend its design expertise to creating a new touch-screen device. In 2004, Jobs convened Project Purple, under his supervision with Ive in charge, to develop a touch-screen device. Originally, Jobs was envisioning a tablet, but it eventually turned into a concept for a cell phone. BI The iPod lineup slowly grew, too. By 2005, there was the iPod, the iPod Mini, the iPad Nano, and the iPod Shuffle, in descending size order. That same year also saw the introduction of the first iPod with video, alongside the ability to buy movies and videos on iTunes. Don Synstelien In 2005, Motorola introduced the ROKR, a phone that it made in partnership with Apple. It was the first phone that could play music from the iTunes Music Store. But it was limited to being able to store only 100 songs because of a limit in its software. Flickr/nicolelee In 2006, Jobs made a big move that probably saved the Mac. Former CEO John Sculley had banked Apple's future on the pricey PowerPC processor, while the major Windows PC manufacturers stuck with Intel. It meant Macs were both more expensive to buy and harder to develop software for. But in 2006, Apple introduced the first MacBook Pro alongside a new iMac, both of which came with Intel processors. Lou Dematteis/Reuters It also meant that for the first time you could install Windows on a Mac. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple was on the upswing. In 2006, the flagship Apple Store opened in Midtown Manhattan. Its unique glass-cube structure makes it a modern New York City landmark. Seth Wenig/Reuters But at this point, Jobs' health was starting to fade, and observers started to take notice. Note how thin Jobs looks here, shaking hands with Disney CEO Bob Iger at a 2006 Apple event. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Still, 2006 also marked a personal victory for Jobs. He got to send this email to every Apple employee: "Team, it turned out that Michael Dell wasn't perfect at predicting the future. Based on today's stock market close, Apple is worth more than Dell. Stocks go up and down, and things may be different tomorrow, but I thought it was worth a moment of reflection today. Steve." Seth Wenig / Reuters After years of speculation, Jobs would officially unveil the iPhone at January 2007's Macworld Expo. It combined the music features of the iPod with a slick, responsive touch screen that didn't need a stylus, unlike most mobile devices at the time. And the iPhone's Safari was the first full-featured web browser on a phone. AP An excited media dubbed it the "Jesus Phone." Excited fans camped out in front of Apple Stores nationwide. Getty Images/Mario Tama The iPhone was a massive hit, taking only 74 days from its August 2007 launch to sell a million units. Sean Gallup/Getty Images In 2008, Apple released the first big iPhone update: the iPhone 3GS. It had faster network speeds, sure, but the biggest change was that it came with this thing called an App Store to let you install software from non-Apple developers. At launch, the App Store had 500 applications. Kimberly White/Reuters Famed venture investor John Doerr of Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers took the stage to announce a $100 million iFund for app developers. It was the start of the app economy, and Apple was leaving Microsoft in the dust. David Paul Morris/Getty Images Still, Jobs' health continued to loom over Apple. In August 2008, Bloomberg accidentally published a 2,500 word obituary of Jobs. At a September 2008 keynote, Jobs poked fun at the idea. Robert Galbraith/Reuters In 2009, Tim Cook was tapped as interim CEO while Jobs took the first of three extended medical leaves. Even on Jobs' return, Cook became a regular at Apple keynotes. When Jobs returned, his prognosis was listed as "excellent." REUTERS/Kimberly White In 2010, Jobs finally introduced the Apple iPad, the tablet he had been wanting since the early 2000s. Getty Images News The iPhone and the iPad accidentally started an internet standards war. Jobs thought Adobe's Flash, then the de facto standard for interactive web content, was slow and insecure. And so Apple's mobile devices didn't support it. A jilted Adobe, recognizing the threat this posed to its business, took out magazine ads begging Apple to reconsider, to no avail. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images In early 2011, during the last of his medical leaves, Jobs would give his final two product-announcement presentations: one in March for the iPad 2, and one in June for the iCloud service. Beck Diefenbach/Reuters Jobs made his last public appearance in June 2011. He proposed a new Apple Campus to the Cupertino City Council. After years of construction, Apple is planning to move into the "spaceship campus" in early 2017. Apple Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO on August 24, 2011, accepting a role as chairman, after his pancreatic cancer relapsed. Not long after, Jobs died on October 5, 2011, working for Apple until the day before his death. That night, the flags at Apple flew at half-mast. Wikimedia Commons Tim Cook got the nod as full-time CEO after Jobs' resignation. Apple has continued to grow under Cook, becoming the most valuable company in the world. And the rest, as they say, is history. REUTERS/Stephen Lam EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: 32 photos of Apple's early days before it ruled the world More: Features Apple Steve Jobs History NeXT Jony Ive Tim Cook iMac iPod iPhone iPad facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The story of how Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster and led it to rule the world, in 39 photos The story of how Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster and led it to rule the world, in 39 photos Nowadays, Apple is the most valuable company in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea January 1 AAPL: 115.82 -0.91 Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Zac Hall - 2 days ago @apollozac Feature Trending Topics Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last New Year’s Day I decided to start eating healthy, exercising daily, and filling the Activity Rings on my Apple Watch as a way to get in shape. I broke my New Year’s resolution by January 4, but I started again on April 1 and ultimately lost over 50 pounds in 2016. Apple Watch didn’t lose the weight for me — it took a lot of dedication and really changing my lifestyle — but the fitness tracking features and Apple’s Activity app helped quantify my effort without me doing too little or going overboard. Apple Watch has absolutely been an effective motivational coach that has pushed me toward my goal of being more active. Below I’ll detail my experience and share some of what I’ve learned along my journey. Apple Watch Activity Rings show you Move, Exercise, and Stand. Move is how many active calories you’ve burned based on heart rate data, Exercise is how many minutes your heart rate has been elevated from an activity as simple as a brisk walk, and Stand is how many times you’ve stood up and moved around for at least one minute of any hour. Move, Exercise, and Stand are represented by three rings that close when you complete a goal. Move is a customizable goal that you can change at any time, Exercise is a fixed 30-minute goal but you don’t have to workout all at once, and Stand takes 12 different hours to complete. Activity Rings as visual indicators of my progress throughout each day have been super effective for me. I’ve tried other fitness trackers before but nothing has proved as friendly and motivational as Apple Watch. Part of what makes Apple Watch work for me is that it has appeal outside of activity tracking features: it’s a nice watch, it has Siri and Apple Pay, and it’s closely integrated with the iPhone. I wore mine for about a year before actually taking its fitness tracking features seriously. Achieving my weight loss goal still didn’t happen overnight. Losing the first ten pounds was the easiest then it got tougher, but creating a workout routine with Apple Watch dramatically helped. My advice for setting your personal Move goal is this: complete 30 minutes of exercise that you can consistently repeat daily then look at your Move number near the end of the day and make that your daily goal. For example, I started with 30 minutes of elliptical (15 minutes in the morning and 15 minutes in the afternoon before I could complete a full 30-minute session) as my base workout. The workout burned around 300 active calories and I burned another 200 active calories a day without exercising so I set my Move goal at 500. Your Move goal could be lower or higher based on what workout you consistently complete, but the key is finding something that pushes you to move more without being too difficult to make part of your routine. Starting small is okay too. I gradually increased my Move goal up to 800 each day before hitting my goal of losing 50 pounds and reducing it back to 500, and there’s no way I could have started at 800 without being discouraged. Losing the weight took a combination of both diet and exercise, of course, and food tracking with Apple’s HealthKit feature really helped. I use MyFitnessPal to log my meals. It helps you set a daily calorie goal and automatically subtracts calories burned from exercise measured from Apple Watch. If your calorie goal is 2000 and you eat 2300 calories in a day and burn 350 calories from exercise, then you’re still in your goal. HealthKit support means data that you input in MyFitnessPal can be shared with Apple’s Health app, too, which can become a wealth of information as you collect more data. Dieting has been much tougher than exercise for me, but I don’t think I would be motivated to do one without doing the other. Because I was logging workouts with Apple Watch and completing my Activity Rings, I felt motivated to improve my diet as well. I’ve been a junk food eater for 25 years (and growing up on Southern cuisine hasn’t helped), but in April I gave up soda and sweet tea for water and unsweet tea and started drinking my morning coffee black. I also traded snacking throughout the day and oversized fast food meals at the end of the day for consistent and more considered breakfasts, lunches, and dinners. The trick to dieting for me has been to go easy on myself. I used to eat junk food all the time and occasionally have a healthy meal but that didn’t make me healthy. Now I try to eat better every day and enjoying junk food in moderation doesn’t define my diet. My family photo in December 2014 and December 2016 Meal logging sounds like a lot of work, but you probably eat the same foods routinely plus MyFitnessPal and similar apps have nice databases of nutritional information for lots of foods. This has also helped me be more thoughtful about my eating habits. If I couldn’t put a number on my eating habits, I might severely overestimate how much I’m eating and diet all wrong. Instead, I can see when I have room for a Pokémon Go frappe without missing my goal. It’s the same story for Apple Watch fitness tracking. It’s key for me to be able to gauge how much effort is enough without going overboard and thinking I have to do something unsustainable to be healthier. I weighed 211 on April 1 and 157 on December 31; my target goal is around 150 I’ve also found that weighing regularly has been very motivating. For me weighing daily has been most helpful, but weekly is usually recommended. I like the most amount of data I can capture and seeing patterns (up and down but overtime way down) has motivated me. I wake up every morning, put on my Apple Watch, weigh, then use that number to either feel good about my progress or push myself a little more while keeping the big picture progress in mind. I log my weight in Apple’s Health app, and seeing the number charted over time has been super informative for knowing how well I’m doing or if I’m off track. I started this with a basic scale and entering the data point in manually each day, then I upgraded a few months ago to a smart scale that adds the data automatically using HealthKit. I honestly never thought I could lose 50 pounds when I started in April — especially by the end of the year — but using Apple Watch to build a routine and quantify my effort helped make it possible. My initial goal was to lose ten pounds and I’ve taken it ten pounds at a time since I started without dramatically changing my routine. Starting a streak in the Activity app especially helped, which also made traveling during my summer vacation a bit challenging. When my wife and I drove 15 hours to Washington D.C. in August, I decided ahead of time that breaking my streak for a vacation would be fine. We ended up driving overnight both ways and shared driving duties so I was able to complete my Activity Rings during the day without breaking my streak. While I wouldn’t recommend everyone try so hard to keep a streak going, I have to admit that the effort on those two days pushed me to keep going on days when I didn’t actually have an excuse to slow down. This is where Apple Watch has seriously changed something about my life aside from helping me lose weight. I find time to squeeze in time for myself to exercise every single day, and this usually improves something about the rest of my day. For example, on both Thanksgiving and Christmas, I ran a 5K at sunrise which gave me time to think about the day and appreciate the hours ahead. I felt accomplished before the day really even started which helped me feel present in the moment for the rest of the day. (I also wake up earlier on most days to sort of game by Stand goal by getting an early start on it.) Exploring new workouts and routines with Apple Watch has also been a blast. I started out running but I really wasn’t good at it so decided it wasn’t for me. Apple’s Workout app can track elliptical workouts so I bought a used machine for my home office and made using it my daily exercise. I purchased a bike to add outdoor cycling to my routine just because the Apple Watch supported the workout and I wanted some variety in my routine. Then I revisited running a little at a time before it became routine. I started running 0.5 miles at a time (with a rest or two along the way) then graduated to a mile at a time before adding a 5K run every Sunday to my schedule which is one of the highlights of my week. My journey with Apple Watch has even expanded my family. I adopted a Dalmatian puppy named Hayley a few weeks ago. I’ve always admired Dalmatians, but they’re very active dogs and I was not an active person before. I was admittedly too lazy and inactive to be a good dog owner before. Now that I’ve transformed my lifestyle, I have a new running partner and my daughter has her first puppy. I’m seeing positive effects in different areas of my life all the time after taking a few steps back in April to do something different. When the weather warms up, I look forward to regularly swimming as part of my exercise routine. I tested swim tracking when Apple Watch Series 2 first launched in September, but for now, the water where I live is a little too cold for swimming so I’ll wait for warmer weather. Weight loss aside, I absolutely love how transformative Apple Watch has been in my everyday life. For anyone on a similar journey, I recommend starting slow and going easy on yourself. Stick to your routine even if you break it here or there. Apple’s Ring in the New Year Activity Challenge is a great place to start, but there’s never a bad time to start being more active whether it’s January 1 or June 15 if it’s something you want to do. New Year’s resolutions can be counterproductive if you feel like you have to get it right this time or wait another year to try again. If being more active is something you want to do but it doesn’t click today or this week or this month, keep your goal in mind and not the timing. For me, I fell off the wagon after only a few days last New Year’s Day, but picking back up on April 1 has tremendously helped how I feel about this New Year’s Day. I’ve also found sharing the experience with others along the way to be super beneficial. Apple’s Activity Sharing is fun to use with friends and family who use Apple Watch, talking about my goals and progress openly has helped me stay accountable, and keeping track of my progress has helped me feel good about my effort. Detail your effort on Facebook or Instagram or Twitter or Snapchat or wherever you feel a sense of community and you’ll be surprised at the encouragement that may come your way. I’m still a few pounds away from where I want to be personally then I want to explore new workouts and basic muscle-building, and Apple Watch has seriously helped me gain confidence in accomplishing this goal in ways that didn’t feel possible before. Going from super inactive to just trying to exercise every day can be a challenging transition, but today it just feels like an essential part of each day after a lot of failed starts in the past. There’s something super effective for me about gaming health with easy-to-capture metrics and achievable short-term and long-term goals. I could diet and exercise on my own but I had no idea where to start before; relying on Apple Watch as a coach has totally made the difference for me. Apple Watch has tremendously helped motivate me to change my life for the better and I’m happier for it today. If you’re embarking on a similar journey with Apple Watch, I would love to hear from you. Happy New Year and best of luck on your goals! Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Monday, January 2, 2017 Weather: 22° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Photo Gallery: Polar Bear Plunge Homeless in the cold Wenatchee man hospitalized after crash More Headlines Feds begin process to stop Methow Valley mining  Teen suspect in bridge assault charged as adult  Civil Rights and Social Justice Awards nominees released  Art of Community | Chacons working to build a kinder community  December known for dangerous driving  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Prep focus: Eastmont, Ephrata wrestling teams shine at Cat Classic Prep Friday: Eastmont boys basketball team outlasts North Central Fall 2016 collegians: Checking up on how college athletes from NCW performed during Fall 2016 More Headlines Wild let lead slip away again in high-scoring overtime loss to Chiefs  Johnson named race director of Tour de Bloom  Chelan girls basketball team places second at holiday tourney  Seahawks ink Bennett to 3-year extension  Florida State tops Michigan in Orange Bowl thriller  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Safety Valve | Letters from readers Cal FitzSimmons | Popular culture finds a home in Wenatchee Rufus Woods | Quick action is needed to help Wenatchee Downtown Association More Headlines Art of Community | Chacons working to build a kinder community  World Editorial Board | Smokerjumper base is an important decision  World Editorial Board | Our Valley effort brings us together  Eugene Robinson | What kind of democracy will Israel be?  Charles Krauthammer | Obama’s final, most shameful, legacy moment  Other Opinion Local Solutions Funeral Service Directory Helen Marie Kellogg JoAnn Irene Motsenbocker More Headlines Richard R. “Dick” Rylaarsdam  Bonnie Sue (Peterson) Fitzpatrick  Joan Marie Erickson  Ronna (Oral) Allen  Arthur H. Middleton  Goodbye 2016, hello 2017 Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week The Planner More Headlines Flick Picks: Movie show times for Dec. 30-Jan. 5  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Singing the Blues: Official revue revives the music of the Blues Brothers  Apple Blossom Musical dates, auditions announced  Submit your New Year’s events to Go!  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies World Photos | The Best of 2016 Wenatchee Mom Blog | Syrup on snow is sweet tradition Illinois woman makes teddy bears from gear of fallen first responders More Headlines Wagons provide happier way to transport patients in hospital  Dear Abby | The dawn of a new year brings joy, hope for new beginnings  Marriage licenses  Births  Poole — 50th  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Chelan Recovery photos Photo Gallery: Polar bear plunge photos Photo Gallery: Cat Classic More Galleries Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls basketball vs. Camas Photo Gallery: Living Nativity Photo Gallery: Eastmont girls, boys play Lynnwood in basketball Photo Gallery: Cashmere beats Chelan in girls basketball Photo Gallery: Best of 2106 - Don Seabrook Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemaker's Journal -- Brown baggers tackle Cab Franc Winemaker's Journal -- Cave B winemaker started as chef Winemaker's Journal -- Happy New Year! More Headlines WVC women in Mount Vernon, men in Coeur d'Alene to finish year Year ends: WHS hoops teams at Hanford for two apiece, wrestling at Eastmont Greg Asimakoupoulos | A letter to the Christ child Both Panther hoop teams at Town Toyota Center Thur. & Fri. Darold Wax | Anchored in Mansfield Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Tonight Lo6° Decreasing Clouds Tuesday Hi15° Sunny Tuesday Night Lo2° Clear Wednesday Hi13° Sunny Wednesday Night Lo3° Partly Cloudy Thursday Hi16° Mostly Sunny Thursday Night Lo5° Mostly Cloudy Friday Hi17° Mostly Cloudy Friday Night Lo11° Mostly Cloudy Saturday Hi21° Chance Snow More for you:Business Roundup Business Roundup | At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes  Business Roundup | Oneonta ships new JUICI apple variety  Business Roundup | Stemilt raves about the Rave  Business Roundup | Ride-hailing service Uber arrives in Wenatchee  Man arrested after gunshots narrowly miss Gebbers CEO  Business Round-up | Funny money no laughing matter  Business Roundup | Beef jerky at the jail? Vending machine offers cured meats in Law and Justice lobby  Business Roundup | Big rock marks The Rock on Highway 97  Business Roundup | Keyhole Security unlocks a new location  Local business achievements, milestones  Business roundup | American Shoe Shop honored as Business of the Year  Business Roundup | Downtown cafe raises The Bar for organic eats  Business roundup | Taco Time cooking up second location  Business Roundup: Apple Commission aims redesigned website at overseas customers  Business Roundup | Union: Last day for Wenatchee Works is Jan. 5  Business Roundup | At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes by Compiled by Mike IrwinFor Business World Dec. 28, 2016, 4:22 p.m. Roundup, business world Send to Kindle Buy this photo World photo/Mike Irwin Walmart executive Mike Hulett Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo Buy this photo At Hort Expo: Millennials driving market changes WENATCHEE — When grocery marketers talk about change, they talk about Millennials. That’s the generation, said Walmart exec Mike Hulett, who drive a lot of marketing decisions by many of the nation’s Fortune 500 companies, including mega-retailer Walmart. Fruit marketers, he said, should take note. Hulett, who grew up in Chelan and is now based in Walmart’s home city of Bentonville, Arkansas, discovers and helps market fresh foods for the global corporation. On Dec. 5, he talked on “Mega-Trends for Fresh Produce Retail” at the Washington State Tree Fruit Association’s 112th Annual Meeting & NW Expo in Wenatchee. Hulett said Millennials, ages 16 to 35, are worth watching because they’re the largest generation in numbers (80 million in the U.S.) with the largest percentage of the nation’s workforce. Ninety-five percent of them are connected online, which makes them a powerful buying force. Most importantly, said, Hulett, as a group their highest value is direct experience rather than hearsay or second-hand knowledge. “They show status,” he said, “through the things they do.” So when it comes to apples, said Hulett, Millennials will prize its texture (crispness, crunchiness) and taste (flavor, freshness) and relate those qualities — good or bad — to their peers, either in person or through social media. Apples, pears and cherries also fit the Millennials’ idea of eating “clean and clear” foods that promote good health and enhance human performance, he said. Fruit also meets Millennials’ demand for convenient foods and “responsible snacking.” Among Millennials, “fresh” is the most sought-after food trend, with 87 percent of them currently seeking and buying fresh foods. “They seek fresh because they want to trust the foods they eat and the companies who provide it,” Hulett said. When marketing to Millennials, he said, “a lot of people in the grocery industry are betting on fresh as the key trend towards customer satisfaction.    Monthly ‘Shop Talks’ is all business WENATCHEE — The Wenatchee Downtown Association has launched a series of information meetings where merchants and employees can learn from fellow business folks. The hour-long monthly sessions — called “Shop Talks” — are set for 8:30 a.m. on the first Wednesday of each month. To begin, the sessions will be held in the meeting room of Merriment Party Goods, 23 S. Wenatchee Ave. Each session “will feature downtown merchants or members of the community and organizations who will connect us — teach us and inform us,” said Linda Haglund, the WDA’s executive director. The sessions are free and will include coffee and morning snacks. Presentations scheduled for coming months include social media, the historic relevance of downtown, insurance and benefits, succession planning, attracting new customers and more. Those planning to attend upcoming Shop Talks should RSVP Haglund at 662-0059 or linda@wendowntown.org.   Express Employment honored for hiring of veterans WENATCHEE — A local job placement company has been recognized as one of a dozen businesses around the state for its hiring of veterans in 2016. Express Employment Professionals of Wenatchee placed nine veterans in jobs in 2016 and participated in numerous veteran-focused job projects, including the Wenatchee Veterans Hiring Event in September. The state Employment Security Department announced award recipients in November in support of a Hire-A-Veteran proclamation by Gov. Jay Inslee. Other award recipients included businesses, nonprofits and government agencies in Yakima, Richland, Spokane, Olympia, Ferndale, Everett, Seattle and Woodland. From July 2015 through June 2016, WorkSource — the job and career arm of Employment Security — placed nearly 7,500 veterans into jobs, said an agency press release. About 85 percent were still employed after six months at an average wage of $17.60 per hour, the release said.   Goodwill is gravy at cafe’s 20th free Thanksgiving meal CHELAN — The Apple Cup Cafe in Chelan celebrated 20 years of serving up its free — yes, free — Community Thanksgiving Dinner on Nov. 24. Owner Ryan Peterson says around 900 people gobble-gobbled 44 huge turkeys and pans full of yams, corn, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and gravy. And also hundreds of slices of pumpkin and apple pie. Much of the food is donated by the restaurant’s vendors and is prepared and served by scores of volunteers. Peterson’s mom, Dian Prentice, started the meal two decades ago after buying the restaurant, now in business for nearly 60 years. “This Thanksgiving Dinner has been a tradition for me since I was 9 years old,” said Peterson. “It started out as a way for us (Apple Cup Cafe) to give back to the community. But now it’s evolved into the community giving back to the community, sharing what we have with neighbors friends and family.”   Famous Footwear kicks off new store in East Wenatchee EAST WENATCHEE — Here’s some news to lift your soles: Buying shoes here just got a whole lot easier. Famous Footwear, the national chain with scores of shoe brands at more than 1,200 stores, opened its second area location Nov. 23 at Wenatchee Valley Mall.  “We’re in a prime spot next to Macy’s,” said manager Michael Imperato, a 9-year veteran of Wenatchee Valley retail. “It should be easy for customers to find us.” He and co-worker Silvia De Jesus, also a longtime retail pro, have transferred from Famous Footwear at Valley North Center in Wenatchee to open the new store across the river. De Jesus, who’s worked four years at the Wenatchee location, will serve as assistant manager. The new Famous Footwear will have 5,498 square feet of shopping and storage space and around 10 employees. The store opening in East Wenatchee coincides with another location that recently opened in Seattle. “Our decision to open two new stores was based on a recognized consumer need,” said Rick Ausick, president of Famous Footwear. The East Wenatchee store’s grand opening Dec. 10 featured a giveaway of 100 pairs of shoes to the first 100 customers.    Fruit magazine says ‘hola’ YAKIMA — One of the fruit industry’s primary publications, “Good Fruit Grower” magazine, has launched a Spanish-language website to serve the growing number of Latinos working in tree fruit and wine grape businesses.  The site features articles and essays by researchers published in the magazine, plus videos on best horticultural practices.  “Our new site is one more way we serve the grower community, and Spanish speakers are a vital part of that community,” said BJ Thurlby, president of the Washington State Fruit Commission, which owns the magazine.  Info: goodfruit.com/es.   Carl Campbell an unassuming success WENATCHEE — Carl Campbell lives in a 12,000-square-foot Wenatchee penthouse, loves his two big houses on Lake Chelan, has owned and piloted multiple private jets and until recently ran one of the nation’s largest companies of retirement and assisted-living communities. And — just ask anybody — he’s one of the nicest, most modest and quiet-spoken multi-millionaires you’d ever want to meet. “Carl’s a man of high moral character and extremely fair in business transactions, which in my opinion is the root of his success,” said Tom Leonard, an accountant who’s worked with Campbell for more than a decade. “He is a true gentleman,” said Sharon Tompkins, Campbell’s administrative assistant for the past 26 years. “Honest and humble.” Campbell, who at 95 stands at the edge of retirement, recently recapped his life of accomplishment — in health care, aviation, retail development and philanthropy — as he begins downsizing his living quarters and reducing his business responsibilities while expanding his commitment to family, church and community. “It’s time to retire, time for a younger generation to take over it all,” said the still sharp and energetic nonagenarian. “I’ve got other things on my plate.” And a crowded plate it is. In coming months and years, Campbell plans to: Help oversee the sale, announced in September, of the last four properties in his senior living empire to Vancouver-based Prestige Care, Inc., a family-run company which owns 70 senior communities in eight western states. Campbell’s company, Triple-C Convalescent Centers, once had more than 180 properties in 21 states. Step back from day-to-day operations but still be involved in the running of the Carl and Betty Campbell Foundation of Caring Fund, which has donated millions of dollars to local charities, churches and causes, including $1 million to the Central Washington Hospital Foundation in 2011. Resize and remodel his 12,000-square-foot penthouse apartment on the fifth floor of Colonial Vista Care Center down to a 1,200-square-foot living space. He’ll then portion off the rest for additional apartments for tenants. He’ll also continue to occupy his business office behind the Colonial Vista tower. Spend more time with family at his Lake Chelan properties and continue his involvement with the Wenatchee Seventh-day Adventist Church. Maybe even take a few cruises. Retirement, sure. But leisure? That may not come so easily for Campbell. “He’s a man who understands hard work,” said Leonard. “He and wife Betty started in the senior housing industry by performing all the services — administrative, assisting the residents, cooking, cleaning … all the hard work.” Even now when Campbell walks through the halls of Colonial Vista, he takes time to chat with employees and ask about their tasks. “He has great appreciation for the work they are performing,” said Leonard. “He was once in their shoes.” Beginnings Born in Yakima, Campbell grew up during the lean years of the Great Depression, a time that instilled in him a love of family, skills for saving and investing and an early understanding of the healthy diet advocated by the Seventh-day Adventists. Post high-school, Campbell studied to become a certified public accountant and then joined his brother Willis to work in the Alaskan lumber and building trades. He married Betty in 1942, and they were together — romantically and in business — for 68 years. The couple has two children — Kathy Ball, who with husband Marc runs The Guilded Lily in downtown Wenatchee, and Danny Campbell, who with his family lives in California — six grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. In 1953, while working construction in Seattle, Campbell fell on a saw and cut off the four fingers of his right hand. Miraculously, a surgeon successfully sewed them back, although their mobility has been limited. “I can still type,” chuckled Campbell, “but only with one digit.” The trauma of losing and regaining his fingers spurred him, he said, “to pray to God, to promise him that if he saw me through this (tragedy), I would serve him the rest of my life.” Campbells pauses for a beat. “He did. I have. And my life has been full of his gifts.” One gift, he said, was a nursing home project in Union Gap that he completed with his brother — an old three-story house converted into a 7-bed nursing home facility. It was Campbell’s first senior living project, and in the next 40 years he’d build or operate around 180 more. Health care pioneers Carl and Betty Campbell moved to Wenatchee in 1953 — “we wanted to live away from the rainy side,” said Carl — and together began the design and construction of Parkside Sanitarium, one of the first full-service nursing homes in Eastern Washington. Carl handled finances and construction; Betty tackled interior design and office administration. It was a division of labor that would last until her death in 2010. “I was the boss,” he laughed, “but she didn’t always think I was.” The Campbells built more senior facilities — some of them assisted living homes, which were revolutionary for the time — in Cashmere, Chelan, Moses Lake, Spokane, Idaho and Oregon. “We were pioneers when it came to assisted living,” said Campbell. “Hardly anyone was doing it. But we saw the need and decided it was a concept we should try.” Their success in senior housing eventually grew to become Triple C Convalescent Centers, a company offering senior options from retirement to assisted living to skilled nursing facilities. Up in the air After Betty, Campbell’s second love was aviation. His office walls are packed with framed photos of airplanes and private jets — Learjets, Cessnas, Beechcraft — many of which he owned. Early in life, he became a pilot and by the time he stepped away from the cockpit (just over a decade ago) had clocked more than 6,000 hours in the air. Eventually, Campbell figured out how to combine his love of winged machines with business. In 1982 at Pangborn Memorial Airport, he opened Executive Flight, an air ambulance and charter business that grew to have 14 jets and more than 100 employees, including 50 pilots and 23 mechanics. The business thrived for 30 years, but the recession of 2008-09 took its toll on charter flights. Campbell and his staff ended charter services in 2012, sold all the planes but one, and now run the Executive Flight facility at Pangborn as an FBO (fixed base operation) service. That means fueling, maintenance and hangar rentals. “Over the years, it became more than a business to me,” said Campbell. “Yes, I’ve always loved aviation, but the air ambulance service touched many lives, helped so many residents here. People still tell me stories how the service helped them or a loved one.” Giving back As the Campbells prospered, they contributed millions. Donations helped fund the Central Washington Hospital Foundation, financed a new home for the East Wenatchee Seventh-day Adventist Spanish Church, built an expansion of the Cascade Christian Academy, funded medical research at various facilities and have helped back charitable efforts for dozens of local nonprofits and civic groups. “There are so many good causes out there, particularly in this area, that deserve support,” said Campbell. So what’s the secret of Campbell’s long and active life? “Oh, I suppose a mostly vegetarian diet, which is followed by many Seventh-day Adventists, has helped me stay healthy,” he said. “But I’m optimistic, too. I look forward to every day, to see what God has in store.” Tourism Summit now free OLYMPIA — Pack your bags. All fees to attend the 2017 Washington Tourism Summit are being covered by a handful of corporate and civic sponsors, including Boeing, Port of Seattle, Visit Seattle, a couple of tribal casinos and others.  Hosted by the Washington Tourism Alliance, the free summit kicks off at 8 a.m. Jan. 24 at the Washington Center for Performing Arts in Olympia. Keynote speaker will be Roger Dow, president of the U.S. Travel Association.  Info: watourismalliance.com/tourismsummit.   Native nonprofit to receive Wells Fargo grant NESPELEM — A Native American lending and business education group will receive a $240,000 grant from Wells Fargo bank. The Northwest Native Development Fund, based in Nespelem, is one of 12 institutions this year to receive such an award, called the “Wells Fargo Works for Small Business: Diverse Community Capitol” grants. Wells Fargo announced in November it will provide $11.2 million in lending capital and grant monies to minority-owned small businesses. All grant recipients are Community Development Financial Institutions, which are private, nonprofit groups that assist underserved populations. The NNDF will use the grant money to provide loans to small business owners who may not qualify for traditional financing and to also upgrade technology and increase technical assistance and coaching to borrowers.   Chelan Seaplanes loses lease, glides to a halt CHELAN — Lake Chelan’s only commercial seaplane service has suspended operations between Chelan and Stehekin following termination of the lease on a portion of its longtime lakeside location. Shane Carlson, owner of Chelan Seaplanes, said Dec. 1 he received a lease termination notice from the property’s new occupants — developers of the planned Sunset Marina LLC and condos — and has been unable to find a new, suitable lakeside location for the 71-year-old flight service. But he’s still looking. In 2009, Chelan Seaplanes took over operations of Chelan Airways, which had been flying the route to Stehekin and other Lake Chelan locations since 1945. The service has operated for more than 30 years on property next to the Lady of the Lake boat facility on Lake Chelan’s south shore. “This is a very sad day for Chelan Seaplanes, and we deeply regret the situation we are in,” Carlson said in a press release. “Most importantly, it’s a sad day for Stehekin and the Chelan Valley. The historic seaplane service has come to an end for now.” Scott McKellar, spokesman for the partnership building the marina and condos, confirmed his company had terminated the flight service’s lease, but said Carlson had known about the change since March. The terminated lease covers parking spaces used by Chelan Seaplane’s customers and an access area to an adjacent property where the planes dock, he said. Docking floats for the seaplanes are connected to a third party’s lakefront property. “We suggested other options to Mr. Carlson,” said McKellar, “but it’s up to him to act on them.” McKellar said Sunset Marina, in partnership with property owners Goodfellow Bros. Inc., will begin construction of the marina-condo development sometime this winter. Developers hope to build the foundation of a lakeside clubhouse while seasonal lake levels are at their lowest. Additional construction of the marina, condos and amenities will launch in the spring. Chelan Seaplanes operated each year between mid-May and mid-October, and in 2016 flew more than 5,000 passengers on scheduled flights between Chelan and Stehekin. The company, one of three Northwest flight services run by Carlson, usually kept one plane — a six-seat DeHavilland Beaver float plane — stationed in Lake Chelan with one full-time and three part-time pilots available. The company flew three scheduled flights daily, but charter runs sometimes pushed that number up to seven flights daily. In addition to Chelan Seaplanes, Carlson operates Friday Harbor Seaplanes, which is based in Renton, and Northwest Seaplanes, which runs scheduled and charter flights to British Columbia destinations. Carlson said he’s hopeful that the air company can resume service soon. He said he’s considered other lakeside locations as a seaplane base, but high costs or poor siting has eliminated most locations. Ideally, a new base would be a location protected from prevailing winds, not far from downtown Chelan and situated near the Lady of the Lake boat facility. Carlson estimated that between 30 and 45 percent of his seaplane customers use a boat-plane combination to visit Stehekin. Carlson said one option to save the air service would be a collaboration among Chelan Seaplanes, the City of Chelan and the Port of Chelan County to build a seaplane base. “We are confident that with the support of the Stehekin businesses and residents, along with those in the Chelan Valley that have valued the service, we will come together with a solution to restore the service and find a permanent home for the seaplane service,” said Carlson. “The service has been on the lake far too long to see it go away permanently,” he said.   Marson and Marson to merge with Tum-A-Lum LEAVENWORTH — Local building supply retailer Marson and Marson Lumber has announced it will merge its four-store chain with a similar-sized lumber and supply company located in Oregon. The 61-year-old Marson and Marson company — with stores in Leavenworth, Wenatchee, Chelan and Cle Elum — begins operating as part of the Tum-A-Lum Lumber company on Jan. 3. The local stores will continue to operate under the Marson and Marson name. “This move is part of our families’ long-term strategy for the growth of the company as well as providing future opportunities for our employees,” said Marson and Marson President Ken Marson. “Tum-A-Lum is a family-owned company with business values not unlike our company’s founders.” Marson said he will continue in company management for at least the next two years. He’s been with the business for 41 years and is the last founding-family member working for the company. The 70-employee Marson and Marson, which operates full-service lumber yards and building supply centers, was founded in 1955 by Gordon and Marydell Marson and Kenneth and Marie Marson. The merger includes the company’s four stores, a truss plant, design center and drywall distribution facility. Closing of the deal means Marson and Marson will become a division of TAL Holdings LLC, the parent company of Tum-A-Lum. “Our company was founded on the same basic business principles as Tum-A-Lum — building honest, fair and ethical relationships with our customers,” said Marson. “I see our ongoing operations as business as usual.” The 110-year-old Tum-A-Lum has three building supply centers in Oregon — Hood River, The Dalles and Pendleton.   Fruit industry experts talk tech, labor, marketing at annual Hort convention WENATCHEE — Change is the new normal, said fruit expert Jim McFerson. And that’s not likely to change soon. Growers, shippers and marketers at the Washington State Tree Fruit Association’s annual convention gave knowing nods here Dec. 5 to presentations — including McFerson’s keynote speech — highlighting dramatic change in the fruit industry over the last 20 years. Technology, research, orchard practices, labor challenges, marketing and packaging — nearly all industry sectors have evolved to meet shifting consumer tastes and the rise of global markets, said experts at the WSTFA’s 112th Annual Meeting and NW Hort Expo. With a theme of “The New Normal: Continuous Change,” the gathering ran through Dec. 7 at the Wenatchee Convention Center. “Advances in science and the digital revolution have brought widespread innovation to the industry,” said McFerson, director of Washington State University Tree Fruit Research and Extension Center in Wenatchee. “They’ve changed our industry in fundamental ways.” McFerson delivered the association’s 37th Batjer Address — titled “Technology Road Map 2.0” — to a ballroom packed with hundreds of industry insiders. More than 1,600 people were expected to attend the three-day expo. The WSU professor’s wide-ranging presentation emphasized some of the last two decades’ key innovations and provided a taste of lecture topics: Advances in fruit storage, including the post-harvest application of SmartFresh, a solution that slows the ripening of apples and other fruits. The redesign of packing sheds into “beautiful, sparkling food-handling facilities” with stainless steel installation that are easily cleaned and sanitized. The computerization of sorting lines that can now find defects — “magic!” — in fruit and improve pack-outs for size and quality. The research, development and breeding of the popular (but difficult to grow) Honeycrisp variety which, said McFerson, is “a lousy apple for a lot of reasons, and a great apple for a lot of reasons.” Innovations in orchard systems — poles, trellises, wires — that promote high-density crops and ease pruning, thinning and harvesting. Development of new rootstocks resistant to pests and diseases that are tolerant to replanting. New cherry varieties that spread harvests from June through September. McFerson said innovations now underway include crop-load management practices that have introduced post-bloom thinning to standard pruning and thinning techniques; growing use of orchard netting for protection from sun and hail; development of mechanical-assisted harvesters — moving platforms and robotic pickers — to aid orchard workers; and installation of reflective fabric (called DayBright) in orchard rows, which has boosted test yields by 23 percent. “It’s all about meeting and exceeding customers’ expectations,” said McFerson. “To do it, we build on research, we build on science.” Related Articles Editor's Note | 2017 certain to be a fascinating year Eye On | Buddy La Fleur's &#8212; Diners get what they like and expect Keeping successes while discarding those disappointments Eye On | Parker Manufacturing &#8212; Built from the family mold Ridge plan raises concern for elk, habitat Retailers agree to stop employee on-call scheduling Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2017 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. 19 Ingenious Design Books to Inspire You in 2017 subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Margaret Rhodes. Margaret Rhodes Design Date of Publication: 01.01.17. 01.01.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am 19 Ingenious Design Books to Inspire You in 2017 The best design books have the power to spark new thoughts, theories, ideas, and opinions. Collected below is a diverse collection of 19 such books, published in the past year. Here you’ll find everything from black-and-white photos of Brutalist buildings, to heady essays on graphic design’s role in society, to pretty doodles. Whatever your interests, you’ll find something here to fascinate and inspire you in 2017. American Revolution Bicentennial Standards Manual In 1974 Bruce Blackburn designed a red-white-and-blue, star-shaped wheel logo. The icon was for the upcoming United States Bicentennial, and the idea was that the symbol would appear across all manner of celebratory materials, from postage stamps to buildings. To ensure his logo looked its best in any situation, Blackburn published a set of visual guidelines. This year, Standards Manuals—the same folks who reprinted the MTA and NASA manuals—revived Blackburn’s original ($45). Credit: Standards Manual In 1974 Bruce Blackburn designed a red-white-and-blue, star-shaped wheel logo. The icon was for the upcoming United States Bicentennial, and the idea was that the symbol would appear across all manner of celebratory materials, from postage stamps to buildings. To ensure his logo looked its best in any situation, Blackburn published a set of visual guidelines. This year, Standards Manuals—the same folks who reprinted the MTA and NASA manuals—revived Blackburn’s original ($45). This Brutal World For years, the Brutalist style of architecture was despised. Now, it’s experiencing a comeback, thanks in no small part to Peter Chadwick. Two years ago the London art director started tweeting out photos of forgotten Brutalist buildings. Today, he’s the author of This Brutal World ($50), a handsome coffee table book from Phaidon that’s dedicated to the raw, concrete style of architecture. The tome highlights recent work, as well as older buildings that have since been demolished. In that sense, the book doubles as a form of preservation. Credit: Phaidon For years, the Brutalist style of architecture was despised. Now, it’s experiencing a comeback, thanks in no small part to Peter Chadwick. Two years ago the London art director started tweeting out photos of forgotten Brutalist buildings. Today, he’s the author of This Brutal World ($50), a handsome coffee table book from Phaidon that’s dedicated to the raw, concrete style of architecture. The tome highlights recent work, as well as older buildings that have since been demolished. In that sense, the book doubles as a form of preservation. Les Diners de Gala Salvador Dalí produced many masterpieces in his life, and one of them was a cookbook. Les Diners de Gala was semi-autobiographical, based on the lavish dinner parties of Dalí and his wife, Gala. This year Taschen reprinted the book ($60), which originally came out in 1973. You might not actually attempt any of the 136 recipes (do you really want “Thousand year old eggs”?), but you’ll certainly feast on the surreal paintings and collages that fill the book. Credit: Taschen Salvador Dalí produced many masterpieces in his life, and one of them was a cookbook. Les Diners de Gala was semi-autobiographical, based on the lavish dinner parties of Dalí and his wife, Gala. This year Taschen reprinted the book ($60), which originally came out in 1973. You might not actually attempt any of the 136 recipes (do you really want “Thousand year old eggs”?), but you’ll certainly feast on the surreal paintings and collages that fill the book. Dear Data For 52 weeks straight, Giorgia Lupi and Stefanie Posavec mailed each other illustrations. The two designers had a pact, to create one hand-drawn data visualization a week. The drawings might represent how many animals one designer saw in a given seven-day period, or every time one designer felt a surge of envy. The colorful, curious postcards now fill the pages of Dear Data ($35), the duo’s coffee table book and permanent record of their project. Credit: Princeton Architectural Press For 52 weeks straight, Giorgia Lupi and Stefanie Posavec mailed each other illustrations. The two designers had a pact, to create one hand-drawn data visualization a week. The drawings might represent how many animals one designer saw in a given seven-day period, or every time one designer felt a surge of envy. The colorful, curious postcards now fill the pages of Dear Data ($35), the duo’s coffee table book and permanent record of their project. Designed by Apple in California Designed by Apple in California ($200 or $300) is every inch the Apple product. It took eight years to develop, is bound in white linen, and printed on “specially milled, custom-dyed paper with gilded matte silver edges.” Longtime Apple photographer Andrew Zuckerman shot all 450 pages of products in the company’s signature style—high definition hero shots of technology, set on a white background. This is product porn at its least apologetic. Credit: Apple Designed by Apple in California ($200 or $300) is every inch the Apple product. It took eight years to develop, is bound in white linen, and printed on “specially milled, custom-dyed paper with gilded matte silver edges.” Longtime Apple photographer Andrew Zuckerman shot all 450 pages of products in the company’s signature style—high definition hero shots of technology, set on a white background. This is product porn at its least apologetic. Eating With the Eyes Do you know how to see the world around you? As in really see it, visually and artistically? No matter your answer, Eating With The Eyes ($50) will challenge you to look more closely. Pentagram designer Harry Pearce filled his book with 200 photographs of scenes that are easily overlooked. Sidewalks, dirty walls, crumpled textiles—this is the banal stuff that surrounds us, all the time, but rarely comes across as poignant. Pearce has an eye for finding abstract beauty in it. Credit: Unit Editions Do you know how to see the world around you? As in really see it, visually and artistically? No matter your answer, Eating With The Eyes ($50) will challenge you to look more closely. Pentagram designer Harry Pearce filled his book with 200 photographs of scenes that are easily overlooked. Sidewalks, dirty walls, crumpled textiles—this is the banal stuff that surrounds us, all the time, but rarely comes across as poignant. Pearce has an eye for finding abstract beauty in it. Failed It! Failed It! ($13) is equal parts platitudes and botched photographs. The platitudes are nothing new—for decades, quotable politicians, scientists, and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs have touted the virtues of failure. The pictures in Failed It!, on the other hand, feel novel. Or maybe they won’t: many of them resemble amateur, flubbed 35 millimeter prints, like the outtakes from a roll of family vacation photos. Most people would regard these oddly exposed, finger-over-the-lens shots as trash. Artist Erik Kessels, who authored Failed It!, prizes them. Credit: Phaidon Failed It! ($13) is equal parts platitudes and botched photographs. The platitudes are nothing new—for decades, quotable politicians, scientists, and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs have touted the virtues of failure. The pictures in Failed It!, on the other hand, feel novel. Or maybe they won’t: many of them resemble amateur, flubbed 35 millimeter prints, like the outtakes from a roll of family vacation photos. Most people would regard these oddly exposed, finger-over-the-lens shots as trash. Artist Erik Kessels, who authored Failed It!, prizes them. Graphic Designers Surveyed Want to know how much the average graphic designer makes? Or which Pantone color most designers prefer? Graphic Designers Surveyed ($19) can fill you in on some, if not all, of those statistics. Publishers GraphicDesign& quizzed 2,000 designers from the US and the UK to compile some facts and figures about the industry. Credit: GraphicDesign& Want to know how much the average graphic designer makes? Or which Pantone color most designers prefer? Graphic Designers Surveyed ($19) can fill you in on some, if not all, of those statistics. Publishers GraphicDesign& quizzed 2,000 designers from the US and the UK to compile some facts and figures about the industry. Look Inside Look Inside ($60) is an ode to the cutaway graphic. This book is for the especially curious, as it invites readers to peer inside structures as small and specific as a tape cassette and as huge and multi-layered as Earth itself. The book includes inside views of historic buildings, pieces of machinery, and even a few entries that are purely fantastical. They’re beautiful reminders, all, that something always lies beneath the surface. Credit: Gestalten Look Inside ($60) is an ode to the cutaway graphic. This book is for the especially curious, as it invites readers to peer inside structures as small and specific as a tape cassette and as huge and multi-layered as Earth itself. The book includes inside views of historic buildings, pieces of machinery, and even a few entries that are purely fantastical. They’re beautiful reminders, all, that something always lies beneath the surface. The Earth and I Some years ago, the renowned scientist James Lovelock got the idea for a book. It would be “the scientific equivalent of the Bible,” he said, and would read like a how-to manual for humans to rebuild the world, in the event of a mass catastrophe. The Earth and I ($30), which Lovelock co-authored, is not that book—but there are traces of it present. The book is an information-rich account of how the earth came to be, how it behaves, and how we humans impact it. A prestigious list of scientists, including Nobel and Pulitzer Prize winners, contributed chapters. The art in the book is especially noteworthy: illustrator Jack Hudson created it, and though he favors a cheerful, mid-century style, his work for The Earth and I is scientifically rigorous. Understanding the workings of the planet has never looked better. Credit: Taschen Some years ago, the renowned scientist James Lovelock got the idea for a book. It would be “the scientific equivalent of the Bible,” he said, and would read like a how-to manual for humans to rebuild the world, in the event of a mass catastrophe. The Earth and I ($30), which Lovelock co-authored, is not that book—but there are traces of it present. The book is an information-rich account of how the earth came to be, how it behaves, and how we humans impact it. A prestigious list of scientists, including Nobel and Pulitzer Prize winners, contributed chapters. The art in the book is especially noteworthy: illustrator Jack Hudson created it, and though he favors a cheerful, mid-century style, his work for The Earth and I is scientifically rigorous. Understanding the workings of the planet has never looked better. The United States of America If this year’s presidential election made you feel disconnected from some other part of the country, pick up The United States of America ($300). The compendium of 700 photographs, all from National Geographic’s archives, show slices of life from all 50 states. The book stretches across geography and time; some of the early images date back to the 1920s, and the newest ones were captured with state-of-the-art digital cameras. Think of it like an armchair tour through our collective history. If this year’s presidential election made you feel disconnected from some other part of the country, pick up The United States of America ($300). The compendium of 700 photographs, all from National Geographic’s archives, show slices of life from all 50 states. The book stretches across geography and time; some of the early images date back to the 1920s, and the newest ones were captured with state-of-the-art digital cameras. Think of it like an armchair tour through our collective history. Overview Benjamin Grant combs through Google Earth everyday, in search of a satellite picture that shows off a dazzling, geometric square of earth. When he finds a particularly magnificent one, he posts it to his Instagram feed, Daily Overview. It’s impossible to tire of seeing our planet from this angle. Last year, the best snapshots from that feed made it into a lush new coffee table book, Overview: A New Perspective of Earth ($25). Credit: Ten Speed Press Benjamin Grant combs through Google Earth everyday, in search of a satellite picture that shows off a dazzling, geometric square of earth. When he finds a particularly magnificent one, he posts it to his Instagram feed, Daily Overview. It’s impossible to tire of seeing our planet from this angle. Last year, the best snapshots from that feed made it into a lush new coffee table book, Overview: A New Perspective of Earth ($25). Photoviz Nicholas Felton is a data-viz whiz. But this year, he trained his attention on the work of photographers whose images communicate information—through composite imagery, multiple exposures, slow shutter speeds, and other forms of photographic trickery. He calls his collection Photoviz ($55). Credit: Gestalten Nicholas Felton is a data-viz whiz. But this year, he trained his attention on the work of photographers whose images communicate information—through composite imagery, multiple exposures, slow shutter speeds, and other forms of photographic trickery. He calls his collection Photoviz ($55). A Designer's Art Famed graphic designer Paul Rand also wrote and published books. One such book, A Designer’s Art ($50), was especially literary. Finished in 1985, the book looks at design intellectually. Rand’s essays in the book cited academics. Prints of his logo work for IBM, ABC, and Westinghouse, along with indie work for magazine and book covers, supported his arguments. The manifesto went out of print in 2000, but this year design critic Steven Heller revived it. Credit: Princeton Architectural Press Famed graphic designer Paul Rand also wrote and published books. One such book, A Designer’s Art ($50), was especially literary. Finished in 1985, the book looks at design intellectually. Rand’s essays in the book cited academics. Prints of his logo work for IBM, ABC, and Westinghouse, along with indie work for magazine and book covers, supported his arguments. The manifesto went out of print in 2000, but this year design critic Steven Heller revived it. Richard Sapper Edited by Jonathan Olivares Richard Sapper, the brilliant German industrial designer behind iconic designs like the cubic Brionvega radio, passed away on the last day of 2015. Luckily for his admirers, the forces and circumstances that shaped his work are not lost. Sapper had spent more than 40 hours in interviews with furniture designer Jonathan Olivares, who recorded them and put them in print. Those interviews fill the pages of Olivares’s book ($95), along with photographs of Sapper’s designs throughout the years. Credit: Phaidon Richard Sapper, the brilliant German industrial designer behind iconic designs like the cubic Brionvega radio, passed away on the last day of 2015. Luckily for his admirers, the forces and circumstances that shaped his work are not lost. Sapper had spent more than 40 hours in interviews with furniture designer Jonathan Olivares, who recorded them and put them in print. Those interviews fill the pages of Olivares’s book ($95), along with photographs of Sapper’s designs throughout the years. The World of Charles and Ray Eames Charles and Ray Eames designed several iconic chairs, but their contributions to design—and, really, to society—go far deeper than furniture. During World War II, the husband-and-wife team pioneered advances in materials. They reimagined the office space entirely. They walked the walk, too, by building their home in the image of their modern ideas about design. The World of Charles and Ray Eames ($45) is a monograph filled with images and tales from all these projects, and more. Credit: Rizzoli Charles and Ray Eames designed several iconic chairs, but their contributions to design—and, really, to society—go far deeper than furniture. During World War II, the husband-and-wife team pioneered advances in materials. They reimagined the office space entirely. They walked the walk, too, by building their home in the image of their modern ideas about design. The World of Charles and Ray Eames ($45) is a monograph filled with images and tales from all these projects, and more. Pretty Much Everything You know Aaron Draplin’s work even if you don’t know the man. The Oregon designer has created identities for Nike and Patagonia, and launched the popular Field Notes notebooks. Draplin favors a pared down approach to design—you won’t find any pretentious essays about logo design from him. Instead, this year, Draplin pulled back the curtain on his process by releasing Pretty Much Everything ($27). The book contains, you know, pretty much everything that informs his work: artifacts, posters, travelogues, case studies, and more. Credit: Abrams You know Aaron Draplin’s work even if you don’t know the man. The Oregon designer has created identities for Nike and Patagonia, and launched the popular Field Notes notebooks. Draplin favors a pared down approach to design—you won’t find any pretentious essays about logo design from him. Instead, this year, Draplin pulled back the curtain on his process by releasing Pretty Much Everything ($27). The book contains, you know, pretty much everything that informs his work: artifacts, posters, travelogues, case studies, and more. Sunday Sketching For years, illustrator Christoph Niemann (whose work you’ll find in publications like New York Times Magazine, the New Yorker, and WIRED) would spend his Sundays engaged in a drawing exercise. He’d sit down with a sheet of paper and a random object, then find ways to incorporate the item into a drawing. In this way, bottles of ink became cameras, highlighters became light sabers, and pennies became scoops of ice cream. You’ll find many of Niemann’s visual puns in his new monograph, Sunday Sketching ($34), interspersed with the illustrator’s compellingly honest musings on the creative process. Credit: Abrams For years, illustrator Christoph Niemann (whose work you’ll find in publications like New York Times Magazine, the New Yorker, and WIRED) would spend his Sundays engaged in a drawing exercise. He’d sit down with a sheet of paper and a random object, then find ways to incorporate the item into a drawing. In this way, bottles of ink became cameras, highlighters became light sabers, and pennies became scoops of ice cream. You’ll find many of Niemann’s visual puns in his new monograph, Sunday Sketching ($34), interspersed with the illustrator’s compellingly honest musings on the creative process. Graphic: 500 Designs That Matter We’re cheating a bit by including Graphic: 500 Designs That Matter, which doesn’t hit shelves until March 2017. But we can’t resist: this stocky red book is a compendium of the 500 most important pieces of graphic design, ever. There will most assuredly be room for debate, but who could ever resist parsing such a superlative list? Credit: Phaidon We’re cheating a bit by including Graphic: 500 Designs That Matter, which doesn’t hit shelves until March 2017. But we can’t resist: this stocky red book is a compendium of the 500 most important pieces of graphic design, ever. There will most assuredly be room for debate, but who could ever resist parsing such a superlative list? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Architecture Books data visualizations Graphic Design Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Design Architecture 25 Masterpieces That Prove 2016 Was an Incredible Year for Architecture 12.30.16 Product Design The Most Innovative Objects of 2016 (That You’ll Actually Want to use) 12.28.16 Obsessions Explore a Giant Underwater Installation Off the California Coast 12.07.16 User Interfaces The Best User Interface Upgrades of 2016 12.26.16 Branding From Instagram to Budweiser, These Are the Year’s Most Notable New Logos 12.24.16 aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 15 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Recount Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... WikiLeaks founder: Obama admin trying to ‘delegitimize' Trump  Blog Briefing Room — 14m 45s ago There’s a right way to tackle high health costs Contributors — 29m 59s ago House GOP votes to rein in independent ethics watchdog House — 1h 35m ago Judge: Dylann Roof competent for sentencing Blog Briefing Room — 2h 11m ago Alums of historically black college upset band marching in Trump's inaugural parade Blog Briefing Room — 3h 8m ago Trump on North Korea missile threat: ‘It won’t happen’ Administration — 3h 35m ago Trump adviser: 'Possibility' Trump playing media on hacking revelation Media — 3h 37m ago Liberal Intolerance for Milo's book deal shows why Democrats are losing Contributors — 4h 26m ago view all   Tech's power shifts as Obama fades to Trump By Ali Breland and David McCabe - 01/01/17 06:00 AM EST 405   © Getty Silicon Valley’s influence and power in Washington has grown in the Obama years. The question is whether that growth will be curtailed with Donald TrumpDonald TrumpWikiLeaks founder: Obama admin trying to ‘delegitimize' Trump  House GOP votes to rein in independent ethics watchdog Alums of historically black college upset band marching in Trump's inaugural parade MORE’s election. Internet companies have stormed onto D.C.’s lobbying scene, opening up in-house shops and hiring established lobbyists to gain influence. Google, Amazon and Facebook increased their spending on Washington lobbyists over the last eight years and are closing the gap overall with the telecommunications industry, an older power in the capital. ADVERTISEMENT Comcast, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association and Cellular Telecom and Internet Association, the top three telecom spenders, spent $3 million more in the first three quarters of 2016 than Google, Amazon and Facebook. In 2008, the top three internet lobbying spenders spent over $26 million less than the the top three telecom equivalents. Though fourth quarter spending hasn’t been released yet, it’s not likely that gap will close. This has given the companies a bigger seat at the table, and more influence behind the scenes. “The reality is that if you’re not explaining yourself to policy makers, you’re not going to have the policies in place that allow innovation to flourish,” said the Internet Association’s Noah Theran. His organization represents Google, Twitter and Amazon. Telecom and cable corporations who had previously held the alpha role in lobbying have taken notice. “There’s definitely tension between Silicon Valley and the old power structures,” said a communications industry insider. “I think there’s a feeling — a legitimate feeling that this administration and the FCC bend over backwards for Google in particular.” The tension wasn’t always present. Silicon Valley at one point had famously dismissed Washington, D.C., assessing that it could be the new capital of change in the U.S. That attitude shifted as the tech industry saw a greater need to work with Washington. A touchstone was the Justice Department antitrust suit against Microsoft. After having to appeal an initial order to break into two separate business, Microsoft quickly learned that it needed to have a Washington, D.C. presence if it wanted to preemptively ease regulatory problems later on. “Any new industry goes through the growing pains of how and when and why to engage with policy makers and the rapid growth of the internet industry is no different,” said Theran. Trump’s presidency may change how the battles play out for the next four to eight years, however. Trump has had a rockier relationship with some tech companies, including Apple. He at one point during the campaign suggested a boycott of the company’s products over its encrypted phone. The president-elect expressed frustration that Apple did not want to create a backdoor that would allow the FBI to access one of the attacker’s phones. The dispute became rallying point on encryption for tech companies — Apple rivals, Microsoft and Google voiced support for the Cupertino, Calif. based company’s decision to not aid the FBI. Despite this fault-line, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Google CEO Larry Page and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella were at the president-elect’s meeting with other major tech leaders in mid-December. In the meeting Trump extended an olive branch to some of the companies he had previously battled with. "There's nobody like you in the world," Trump toold the tech executives in the meeting. "There's nobody like the people in this room. And anything we can do to help this go along, and we're going to be there for you."  Several of Trump's children, along with his son in law, Jared Kushner, were in the meeting, which included tech leaders like Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.  Obama’s relationship with tech and internet companies has been more consistent. The president was in step on many issues with tech companies, including net neutrality, cable set top boxes and broadband privacy. His stances on these measures have irked telecom interests. “Everybody is amazed by Google’s sort of cozy relationship with the White House,” said one communications industry insider who asked to remain anonymous. “They don’t even try to hide it.” Telecom companies who previously only battled consumer and advocacy groups at the FCC, now have to face internet companies with White House influence, pushing their agenda as well. They also see a greater White House influence over the Federal Communication Commission. “The influence over the White House over the FCC is greater now than it used to be,” said one longtime industry insider. Because the FCC can pass regulations easier than Congress can move legislation, it’s an attractive spot for companies to achieve their goals. That’s made the FCC the battleground for fights over net neutrality, broadband privacy rules and set top box regulations. During the Obama years, those fights generally kept internet companies happy and telecom, cable and broadband companies less than pleased. Even though Silicon Valley’s relationship with Trump has been thawing, the president-elect’s transition appointments suggest that internet companies won’t have the same benefits they did in the Obama years. That means  telecom, broadband and cable companies may be on the upswing. Trump appointed a trio of experts from the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) to his FCC landing team: Roslyn Layton, Jeffrey Eisenach and Mark Jamison. All of them have railed against FCC proposals backed by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler. Republicans will also have a majority on the FCC and Commissioner Ajit Pai, who many expect to take over as chairman when Wheeler steps down in January, has opposed the Obama-era measures as well. Tech’s old guard is ready to take advantage of what could be a more favorable political climate. AT&T and Verizon, the two major wireless carriers in the United States, spent roughly $16 million and $11 million on federal lobbying last year, respectively. Comcast spent more than $15.5 million in Washington in 2015.  Tags Google, Amazon, Comcast, Microsoft, Apple, AT&T, Donald Trump   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 House GOP votes to rein in... Proposal puts Office of Congressional Ethics under jurisdiction of... 589 Shares 2 Seven rising Democratic stars A big problem for ambitious Democrats in the House is a leadership power... 249 Shares 3 Liberal Intolerance for Milo's... OPINION | Liberals preach tolerance, but they're the most intolerant... 115 Shares 4 Democrats take sides in race for... Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) has dominated the endorsements game in the... 101 Shares 5 Nine women who could be elected... Hillary Clinton’s surprise defeat dealt a blow to hopes that the United... 96 Shares 6 Trump on North Korea missile... The country says it is planning its first test of an intercontinental... 95 Shares 7 WikiLeaks founder: Obama admin... Julian Assange says it's "impossible" to know if WikiLeaks influenced the... 87 Shares 8 Pelosi may see more defections... It’s one of Washington’s favorite parlor games: guessing how many... 72 Shares 9 Trump adviser: 'Possibility' Trump... "Why not? He’s not interfering with anything," Trump adviser says. 71 Shares 10 Bruce Springsteen questions... “I’ve felt disgust before, but never the kind of fear that you feel now,”... 68 Shares 11 FBI, DHS release report on Russia... The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on Thursday released... 66 Shares 12 Dems call Trump spokesman a 'shill... DNC slams Trump aide's claim that there is "zero evidence" Russia... 49 Shares 13 Most Americans doubt Trump can... Forty-six percent of Americans are confident that Trump can handle an... 48 Shares 14 Trump marks deadly year in Chicago... Chicago saw 762 homicides in 2016, the most in two decades. 42 Shares 15 Alums of historically black... Talladega College's band will march along the streets of Washington, D.C. 40 Shares 16 Aide downplays Trump hacking... Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday tamped down... 40 Shares 17 Rosie O’Donnell: Trump is ‘... Rosie O’Donnell on Sunday said President-elect Donald Trump is “mentally... 35 Shares 18 Scarborough Twitter storm over New... Joe Scarborough on Monday ramped up his criticism of a reporter who... 35 Shares 19 Washington Post raises 'darker... "Why is Mr. Trump so dismissive of Russia’s dangerous behavior? ... darker... 34 Shares 20 Trump: I 'know things that other... "You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday," Trump says. 34 Shares 21 Hannity to interview WikiLeaks... Interview slated to air Tuesday, Fox says. 30 Shares 22 Biographer: Golf course incident... The biographer who says President-elect Donald Trump asked him to leave... 30 Shares 23 Judge: Dylann Roof competent for... Roof "remains competent to stand trial and to self-represent," judge... 29 Shares 24 Remittances to Mexico spike after... Mexican citizens in the U.S. sent home nearly $2.4 billion in transfers in... 29 Shares 25 Report: Trump likes Schumer more... “They are Republicans and Trump knows they didn’t support him.” 28 Shares 26 GOP rep suggests CIA, NSA leaked... King casts doubt on claim of "Russian hackers controlling our election." 27 Shares 27 Trump: CNN 'used worst cover photo... President-elect sends tweet criticizing photo of himself used by network. 25 Shares 28 House, Senate headed for clash on... Senate Republican leaders prefer to keep a narrower focus in healthcare... 25 Shares 29 Obama, Dems eyeing strategy to... Obama will hold a joint meeting with House and Senate Democrats next week. 24 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 29-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 3 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Family Travel Jetsetting with The Insider Checklist Travel Revolution Natas Style 5 Questions With Style Scoop Beauty Beauty Intel Food Best Thing I've Had For S$10 Food Listings Food Reviews Recipes This Round's On Cars newstream Singapore Fatal AYE accident: Charge against driver upgraded to culpable homicide not amounting to murder 1483410600 World At least 100 homes burned as fire erupts in Valparaiso, Chile 1483407651 World Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks 1483409235 World Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead 1483410245 World South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend 1483408272 Business Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts 1483409259 Entertainment Syrian star turned pizza boy dreaming of Hollywood ending 1483408889 World China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea 1483406440 Business Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb 1483406088 China&India Chinese court says transgender man was fired unjustifiably 1483406488 Singapore Private home prices extend longest falling streak 1483405080 World Cardinal calls it a ‘disgrace’, but a McDonald’s opens near the Vatican 1483404984 World Inside Trump defense secretary pick’s efforts to halt torture 1483404386 Singapore Singapore economy in 2016 beats expectations 1483403580 World This is where the world’s highest-paid expats live 1483402560 World Twins delivered minutes apart have different birth years 1483403490 World Rising costs in Malaysia may force the poor from school 1483402584 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Tuesday, Jan 3 1483399800 World Cuba puts on show of strength as Trump inauguration nears 1483374364 Singapore Complex dynamics at play ahead of presidential poll 1483387260 Singapore New chief aims to continue making technical education fulfilling 1483387260 Singapore Outgoing director proud ITE no longer plagued by negative stereotypes 1483387260 Business Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company 1483397365 World Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations 1483396764 World Investigators question Israel's Netanyahu over alleged receipt of gifts 1483396140 Singapore All eyes on payouts as ElderShield review gets under way 1483387260 World Factbox: Brazil's history of violent prison uprisings 1483394606 World U.S. general sees Islamic State's capability waning in east Mosul 1483380162 World Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, attack police stations in Samarra 1483393911 World Murders in notoriously violent El Salvador drop 20 percent in 2016: police 1483390651 World No proof Russian hacking influenced U.S. election: Trump spokesman 1483387038 World Christmas message leads to death threats, police case in Pakistan 1483387902 World Suicide bombers attack two police stations in Iraq's Samarra: sources 1483386178 World Deputy leader of Libya's U.N.-backed government resigns 1483385945 World Italy's 5-Star Movement unveils ethics code; critics cry hypocrisy 1483385622 World Migrants in U.S., Mexico fret about Trump threat to halt remittances 1483388316 World In Iraq, Hollande vows to tackle foreign fighters and their children 1483357612 China&India China expects ivory trade ban to enhance its image 1483387321 Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start 1483387320 Voices Rein in private sector charges to revive S’pore as medical tourism hub 1483387320 Business Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES 1483387320 Entertainment Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China 1483387319 Lifestyle The dark (and often dubious) art of forecasting food trends 1483387319 China&India Modi cash ban brings pain, but corruption-weary India grits teeth in support 1483387319 China More economic uncertainty hanging over China 1483387318 Singapore Onwards to a new fare formula for public transport 1483387318 Business China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser 1483387317 Sports Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man 1483387317 Commentary Tricky, but necessary, to build resilience against security threats 1483387316 World How Japan resists the populist tide 1483387316 Technology The most anticipated gadgets of 2017 Here are the exciting devices we’re hoping will be out this year mail print View all comments Tweet By Benedict Carey - - Published: 6:55 PM, January 1, 2017 Updated: 7:02 PM, January 1, 2017 SINGAPORE — Even as the confetti is swept away and the last notes of Auld Lang Syne fade out, all thoughts will turn to the most exciting prospect of 2017. No, not the resolutions to be made and opportunities to be sought — we’re talking about the latest crop of gadgets set to hit shelves, from mobile phones to cameras to computers. Why are we so excited? Because there are follow-ups, new mobiles, refreshed phones and more - and they could well be some of the best we’ve ever seen. Here are some of the pocket-fillers that are getting our pulses racing for the next 12 months. SAMSUNG GALAXY S8. We liked the Galaxy S7. A lot. But then, the whole Note 7 drama happened and everyone forgot just what a whopping great handset Samsung had made in the S7. The South Korean manufacturer will be hoping to dispel any misgivings with the S8, which makes the situation pretty enthralling. Throw in early indications that the next-gen Galaxy could be a truly futuristic phone, and you’ve got us hooked. Bezel-free, 4K-equipped and only curved? That ought to do the trick - not to mention a dual-lens camera setup, better VR and a faster chip. As if specs-guessing wasn’t enough to keep us interested, there’s plenty of conjecture that Samsung will wave goodbye to the headphone jack on the S8, too. When will we know for sure? Given the past few Galaxy launches, the likeliest date is late February. APPLE IPHONE 8. With a new Apple smartphone released every year, it stands to reason that we’ll see one in 2017. But why are we excited about it? Well, if rumours on the great gadget grapevine are to be believed, it could be a big one — not least, because it marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. So, there’s every reason to anticipate the iPhone 8’s release — especially if you like all-glass, AMOLED-toting smartphones with wireless charging and no bezels. Because that’s exactly what the early evidence is pointing towards. Oh, and it might ditch the home button, too. Then again, some say it might be the iPhone 7s, which only serves to add a healthy dollop of intrigue to proceedings. NINTENDO SWITCH. Who doesn’t a game or two? But while we previously had to settle either for a porta unit or a stay-at-home console, Nintendo is offering one that will do double duty. y console that’ll do double duty as both living room games machine and go-anywhere gaming tablet? Called the Nintendo Switch, it’s expected to be to due in March (if all goes to plan), and games will play in either mode while its modular controller has options to suit almost every gaming preference. It’ll run on Nvidia hardware, too, although the exact specs are still a mystery. As for the screen, estimates suggest it’ll measure up at around 6.5-inches and there’s a good chance it’ll be touch-enabled. As for gaming titles, there ought to be plenty, including the usual favourites, alongside rumoured support for older content, such as GameCube titles. NIKON D760. Camera-wise, several big names have had some impact in the last couple of years, but Nikon has set tongues wagging with the successor to its successful full-frame shooter, the D750. If leaked specs are to be believed, the Nikon D760 will retain the same 24.3MP, full-frame CMOS sensor, but the processor is said to be upgraded to the rapid Expeed 5. Frame rates should also increase, shutter speeds should be faster than ever — rumours point towards a maximum of 1/8000s — and the ISO should jump higher too. With such a solid foundation to work from, we’d be seriously surprised if the D760 doesn’t turn out to be a stellar snapper. The only problem? We’re almost as excited about its cheaper cousin, the D620, set to be released in the first half of 2017. PANASONIC 4K OLED TV. Panasonic’s 2017 OLED panel looks set to be a 4K whopper of a TV. It’s expected to ship in two sizes (55-innch and 65-inch), but still be seriously slim, with Panasonic’s UHD Premium form suggesting image quality should be astounding. While the manufacturer has kept pretty quiet about concrete specs, they did say that the next-gen screen will have better blacks than ever and will be an improvement over the previous CZ950 model. (That’s no small feat: The CZ950 has arresting picture quality and an equally arresting design.) IMAC 2017. If you’re a fan of Apple’s desktop computers, you’re in for a treat. The Apple may be shy on details for the new 2017 iMac, but the easy assumptions are that it will be more-than-5K-equipped and VR-ready, even if Apple presently lacks its own VR hardware. It will likely get a chip upgrade, too, and there could be some form of Touch Bar integration (if the MacBook Pro is anything to go by). As for the physical side, USB-C seems a sure addition, as does a storage boost and, possibly, a further slimming-down of the shell. GOOGLE PIXEL WATCH. There was the Google Pixel and Google Android Wear. Neither quite nailed it, but both showed promise — and suggested that Apple and Samsung might finally be in for some competition. Now, rumours say we could soon see a combination of the two: An Android Wear watch taking its cues from the Pixel. And we could see it in the first four months of 2017. Plenty of sources suggest there will be two models of Google’s wearable item (codenamed Swordfish and Angelfish), both of which are likely to carry circular screens. MICROSOFT SURFACE PHONE. Rumours of a Surface Phone have been kicking around since 2012, but 2017 might finally be the year we finally get one. Surface machinery hasn’t always hit the mark, but it has generally offered solid hardware that delivers the best Windows experience around. What will be in store? Widespread speculation suggests it’ll run the full Windows 10 desktop experience, thanks to a collaboration with Qualcomm to deliver speedy Snapdragon chips. Unfortunately, we don’t know much beyond that. Some industry insiders suggest there will be three models, differentiated by storage capacity and amount of RAM — we’ll only know when it is released, which should be in the first half of next year.   A version of this story first appeared on Stuff Singapore (http://www.stuff.tv/sg/features/most-anticipated-gadgets-2017). mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Lifestyle READ COMMENTED “I love having camera phones” “Forgive my honesty, but is there a local fashion or modelling scene in Singapore today?” ’Twas the night before Christmas ‘X’ marks the sport ‘White makes you a winner’: Thai skin whitening ad provokes race storm Your new vacation photographer: A drone Ways to cut that bump and reduce bloating Travel deals and steals: Dec 29 to Jan 5, 2017 The most defining beauty moments of 2016 The most anticipated gadgets of 2017 The dark (and often dubious) art of forecasting food trends The best time to retune your career? It’s probably right now Stylescoop: Rimowa, iROO, FRED Six skincare resolutions for 2017 Singapore is Asia’s second most vegan-friendly city: Peta Inside Today World Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend At least 100 homes burned as fire erupts in Valparaiso, Chile China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea Business Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man Singapore silat aiming high for 2017 SEA Games Guru-Guru masters his rivals for New Year win New Hougang head coach Philippe Aw to focus on youth Entertainment Syrian star turned pizza boy dreaming of Hollywood ending Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China Proud mom Pink shares first sibling photo with new baby ‘Absurd’: Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey’s sabotage claim Benedict Cumberbatch and Sherlock Holmes: A match made in history About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 03, 2017 11:11 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Travel Smartphone app launched for Visit Pahang Year 2017 Sunday January 1, 2017 06:22 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Startups take aim at drones The Edit: SKYACTIV ‘Jinba Ittai’ — being at one with your Mazda The Edit: ‘Sherlock’ opener pulls 8.1 million The Edit: Volvo overtaken in Sweden Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The application developed by a private company could be downloaded for free from the App Store for Apple phones or Google Play for Android users. — AFP picBENTONG, Jan 1 — The Pahang state government has introduced a special smart phone application to facilitate tourists in obtaining information on popular tourist destinations for the Visit Pahang Year (VPY2017). Tourism Pahang general manager Datuk Ishak Mokhtar said the application developed by a private company could be downloaded for free from the App Store for Apple phones or Google Play for Android users.    “The application does not only show tourist destinations but also the various activities taking place there, popular food spots and locations of accommodation for the 15 million tourists expected to visit the state this year,” he said.   Ishak disclosed this to Bernama after the launching of the Visit Pahang Year at the Bentong toll plaza today by Transport Minister Datuk Seri Liow Tiong Lai. He added that users could start downloading the application even though it would only be officially launched on Jan 11 at Jaman Tory Restaurant in Kuantan, which is famous for its smoked meat (dagang salai).                 Commenting on VPY2017, Ishak said the state government had set Jan 20 as the date to declare the start of tourism event at the Urban Transformation Centre (UTC) in Kuantan.      “The ceremony is scheduled to be officiated by Acting Pahang Sultan Tengku Abdullah Sultan Ahmad Shah and various cultural activities identifying Pahang would be displayed on the occasion,” he said.    Meanwhile, Liow said all Pahang residents should play their roles to ensure VPY2017 achieved the desired objectives, apart from ensuring all state government plans and programmes were successfully carried out.  Liow who is also Bentong MP said all parties needed to give their cooperation to the 3K agenda to attract tourists, namely cleanliness, courtesy and security.           “The Pahang government had promoted VPY2017 with China Post in November when 60 visitors from China were brought to Bentong as mini ambassadors to promote Pahang,” he said.  On the sales of the special vehicle registration series ‘VIP’ to mark Visit Pahang Year, Liow said the federal government had given its approval to the state government in support of the state tourism festival. “This is a gesture of the federal government, as we understand the state government has limited financial resources to promote VPY2017 programmes,” he said.  — Bernama                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Taking a break from war on the mountain slopes of Iraq (VIDEO) Low-cost carriers boost global air traffic in 2016 Gay Travel Awards names Las Vegas ‘Destination of the Year’ Dubai to build Middle East and North Africa’s largest marina US Customs computer collapse leaves thousands of travellers waiting New, younger travellers to book cruise vacations in 2017 So long, 2016! A New Year’s Eve party guide in Singapore Couples’ retreat: The ultimate escape for two in Maldives Seafood galore at Kuromon Ichiba Market in Osaka How to travel on a (very tight) budget Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: SKYACTIV Technologies — reason for renewed Mazda popularity Reuters Video: Israel's Netanyahu dismisses media reports of gifts investigation Reuters Video: Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Reuters Video: Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds remembered in LA Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Related Articles State tourism chief: Stop sabotaging Visit Pahang 2017 by disseminating fake pictures, videos Russia’s FindFace app can find you on the internet in a matter of seconds (VIDEO) Want to keep updated with Najib? There’s an app for that Finally! Prisma photo filter app launches offline mode Cristiano Ronaldo just launched a selfie app (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How To Set Up Your iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus And iPad By Karen Tumbokon On 01/01/17 AT 5:20 AM Close If you recently bought a new iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus - then you’ll need advice on how to set it up as a brand new phone. We’ve created a guide on how to set up Touch ID, restore or transfer your data and customize your Home button.  Turn On Your iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Or iPad  When you first turn on your device you’ll see “Hello” in many languages. Simply press the Home button to unlock your device and start the set up. Select Your Language And Country When asked, choose your language. Then select your country or region. This will affect how information is displayed on your device, including date, time, contacts and more. Activate Your iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Or iPad  You’ll need to connect to a Wi-Fi network, cellular network or iTunes to continue setting up your new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus or iPad.  Tap the Wi-Fi network that you want to use. If you’re setting up an iPhone or iPad, you might want to insert your SIM card first. Next, you’ll need to enable Location Services, a feature you need for apps like Maps and Find My Friends. Set Up Touch ID And Passcode With some devices, you’ll be able to set up Touch ID. With Touch ID, you can use your fingerprint to unlock your devices and make purchases. Next, you’ll need to create a six-digit passcode to help protect your data. To use features like Touch ID and Apple Pay you’ll need a passcode. If you decide you don’t want a passcode, tap Passcode Options. Restore Or Transfer Your Data If you have an iCloud, you can restore or transfer your data from your old device to your new device. If you don’t have another device or backup, select Set Up As New iPhone. Sign In With Your Apple ID Enter your Apple ID and password or tap Don’t have an Apple ID. You can then create an Apple ID or choose to decide to set it up at a later time. Next, you’ll have to accept the iOS Terms and Conditions. Once signed in your with your Apple ID, follow the next steps to set up Apple Pay, iCloud Drive and iCloud Keychain. Related Stories Pokémon Go App Arrives On Apple Watch, How To Use It How Not To Lose Your AirPods: Apple's Wireless Earbuds Fit Into Earring Holes? Set Up Siri You can choose to use Siri, Apple’s personal assistant that will help you get things done. Siri can do everything from send your messages, make calls, check your calendar and more. Just say “Hey Siri” and ask your questions. For example, you can say, “Hey Siri, how’s the weather? Customize Your Home Button Whether you own an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, you can customize how your Home button responds to you when you press it. Simply select an option, and press the Home button to test it out. To see the one you like best, tap Next. You can also skip this screen or set up your Home button later by going to Settings. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Share 61 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy S8, And Microsoft Surface Smartphones Will Debut In 2017 Mobile 61 0 0 January 1, 2017 iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy S8, And Microsoft Surface Smartphones Will Debut In 2017 Daryl Deino According to most, 2016 was a boring year for smartphone innovation, but that is likely to change in 2017. Apple, Samsung, and Microsoft all have phones coming out that appear to be groundbreaking. Let’s take a look at what we have in store for smartphones in 2017. iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Apple’s upgrade from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is said to be dramatic. [Image by Daryl Deino] The iPhone 7 series wasn’t a big upgrade from the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but the iPhone 8 series upgrade is going to be huge. According to 9to5Mac, we may see 4.7-inch to 5.8-inch curved OLED displays, an all-glass design with new colors, wireless charging, an embedded (into the screen) home button, and something that has to do with augmented reality. BGR describes how Apple may incorporate augmented reality with their next smartphone in 2017. “The way Apple envisions implementing augmented reality into the iPhone is multi-faceted. For instance, Apple envisions iPhone users being able to point their cameras at any number of objects and have the device itself recognize what’s in frame.” The article adds that as another example, Apple could build functionality that would allow the iPhone camera to completely manipulate faces. This has caused a lot of excitement in the smartphone world. Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung is looking for a comeback after the Note 7 (literally) blew up in their faces. [Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images] The Galaxy Note 7 recall was the most damaging debacle in smartphone history, so Samsung needs to earn back some of its good will in 2017. According to Tech Radar, the Galaxy S8 is shaping up to be a huge upgrade from the S7 and S7 Edge. “Likely highlights include a 4K screen, a Snapdragon 830 processor, 6GB of RAM and a massively improved camera. There’s even a chance that the Samsung Galaxy S8 will have an iris scanner or a foldable screen, though the latter is somewhat less likely.” The article adds that there could be two different versions of the S8, and both will come with curved screens. One could be a 5.7-inch regular version, and the other, the one that would have the 4K screen, will be 6.1 inches. The S8 could also have a 30MP dual-lens rear camera, an 8MP front camera, and a 4200mAh battery. Despite the Galaxy Note 7 mess, there is still a lot of excitement for the Galaxy S8 on Twitter. Can't wait for next year's release of the Samsung Galaxy S8? Here's a roundup of what insiders have hinted so far! https://t.co/pLF4GY8sdi — MobileOneLLC (@MobileOneLLC) December 12, 2016 All of these Samsung Galaxy S8 rumors are getting me more and more excited for it's launch!! https://t.co/Hq5r1Jycpo — Stephanie Carls (@stephelisecarls) December 21, 2016 Samsung Galaxy S devices usually come out in March, but there have been some rumors that the S8 smartphone will come out in April of 2017. Perhaps Samsung wants to do some major quality control so they don’t run into the same mess they did with the Galaxy Note 7. Microsoft Surface Phone This could be the most unique smartphone in 2017. The smartphone, which will likely run a full desktop version of Windows 10, will be aimed mostly at business users. According to the Express, Microsoft’s new smartphone could come with a stylus as well. However, the same source says the smartphone may actually not look all that unique since it will take design cues from Apple and Samsung. (Hopefully, there will be no lawsuits.) As Trusted Reviews notes, Microsoft is under a lot of pressure to deliver. They have teamed up with Qualcomm to build the device, which may include a high-powered Snapdragon processor. However, putting a full Windows operating system on a very small device certainly didn’t work out 10 years ago with the Ultra Mobile PC series. Perhaps Microsoft has found a way to put their own smartphone operating system on top of Windows 10. They would also have to find a way to provide several hours of battery life. Judging by all the rumors, which smartphone are you most excited by — the Surface Phone, the Galaxy S8, or the iPhone 8? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section. [Featured Image by Julio Cortez/AP Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 61 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Galaxy S8, iPhone 8, Surface Phone August 7, 2014 Ugly Feminists Freak Out Over #FeministsAreUgly Hashtag August 7, 2014 Brooklyn Jogger Finds Apparent Skeleton Decked Out In Nets Gear Comments LATEST HEADLINES Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.4k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Monday, January 2nd, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: On to Frisco finals – YSU football team gets... CEO at odds with school board over communica... 9:55 p.m. Mon Youngstown school board started, didn’t expa... 9:55 p.m. Mon USC defeats Penn State 52-49 in Rose Bowl th... 9:35 p.m. Mon Storms push across South, damaging buildings... 9:10 p.m. Mon UPDATE | Search operation for missing plane ... 8:51 p.m. Mon SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, pla... 8:10 p.m. Mon all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home Whale spotted swimming in New York’s East River | Print Tweet Published: Sun, January 1, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Whale spotted swimming in New York’s East River NEW YORK Officers patrolling New York City’s harbor in a police boat have spotted a whale in the East River. The New York Police Department’s special operations division posted a photo of the unusual tourist on its Twitter account Saturday. The whale was seen swimming along the shores of Manhattan’s upper East Side, close to Gracie Mansion, where the mayor lives. U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Frank Iannazzo-Simmons says officials from his office haven’t seen the whale. But he says based on the photos it appears to be a humpback whale. One such humpback whale was also spotted in the East River last month. Texas family blame Apple’s FaceTime in suit over fatal crash SAN JOSE, Calif. A Texas couple whose 5-year-old daughter died in a crash involving a driver who was purportedly using Apple’s FaceTime video chatting app is suing the tech company. The lawsuit filed in December in Santa Clara Superior Court accuses Apple of not implementing iPhone features that would automatically disable FaceTime based on technology that calculates highway speeds. Apple hasn’t responded to the lawsuit and didn’t immediately respond to an email Saturday seeking a comment. Moriah Modisette was killed in a 2014 Christmas Eve accident near Dallas. The lawsuit obtained by California television KTLA claims police found FaceTime running on the iPhone of the driver who struck the Modisette family at 65 mph. The family claims Apple knew the risks of using FaceTime while driving because the company patented “lock-out” technology in 2008. Efforts to end conflicts in Syria backed by UN BEIRUT The U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution Saturday supporting efforts by Russia and Turkey to end the nearly six-year conflict in Syria and jump-start peace negotiations, as a fragile countrywide cease-fire wavered. The resolution also calls for the “rapid, safe and unhindered” delivery of humanitarian aid throughout Syria. And it anticipates a meeting of the Syrian government and opposition representative in Kazakhstan’s capital Astana in late January. The resolution’s final text dropped an endorsement of the Syria cease-fire agreement reached Thursday, simply taking note of it but welcoming and supporting Russian-Turkish efforts to end the violence. Istanbul governor: At least 35 dead in attack on nightclub ISTANBUL An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul during New Year’s celebrations Saturday, killing at least 35 people and wounding 40 others in what the city’s governor described as a terror attack. Gov. Vasip Sahin said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the club before entering and firing on people partying inside. He did not say who may have carried out what he called a “terror attack.” Media reports said the assailant entered the popular Reina nightclub, in Istanbul’s Ortakoy district, dressed in a Santa Claus costume. There were more than 500 people inside the club at the time, private NTV television reported. Associated Press Other stories of interest Austintown Elementary counselor to be recognized at White House Boardman High School student wins Congressional App Challenge Former city prosecutor with complicated past appointed to Poland Village Solicitor Study at Meander Dam and MVSD campus to address whether earthquakes are responsible for cracks Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Share 25 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss HTC Vive, Apple AirPods, And Apple Watch Are Best Gadgets Of 2016 [Opinion] Opinion 25 0 0 December 31, 2016 HTC Vive, Apple AirPods, And Apple Watch Are Best Gadgets Of 2016 [Opinion] Daryl Deino The following article is entirely the opinion of Daryl Deino and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. The year 2016 is almost over, and it has been a busy one for gadgets. There were a lot of clunkers in 2016, with the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 being the biggest one. Samsung also had the Gear 360 camera, a gadget that turned a lot of people off from 360 degree photography and videos. But there were also some outstanding gadgets in 2016. Let’s take a look: HTC Vive The HTC Vive virtual reality headset is the most impressive gadget of 2016. It was the Oculus Rift that was supposed to garner all of the attention, but HTC surprised a lot of people. The Vive looks like a clunky headset, but is pretty comfortable to use. What differentiates the Vive from other virtual reality headsets released in 2016 is that it comes with two position tracking stations that allow you to have room scale VR. In other words, when you walk around in your room, you are walking around in the VR world as well. The Vive shows transparent blue borders to help you avoid running into the couch or television set. You could meet friends in Altspace VR and talk or even watch movies together. You can transport yourself to Washington’s Vesper Peak and play with your own virtual dog with The Lab. But the HTC Vive may be the most useful for sports. Selfie Tennis allow you to play tennis with yourself in a ridiculous court that has tennis balls dancing like strippers. It really feels like you are playing tennis, and you get a lot of exercise as well. Then, there is HoloBall, a futuristic racquetball game that can substitute for your aerobics workout. Warning — it gets addictive! Apple Watch Series 2 The Apple Watch Series 2 was the ultimate smartwatch in 2016. [Image by Daryl Deino] The Apple Watch was originally released in 2015, and this gadget didn’t become the mainstream hit many expected it to be. However, its users loved it. The Apple Watch 2, however, turned a flawed, but great gadget into just a great gadget. Trusted Reviews gives Apple’s 2016 Watch four stars. “The Apple Watch 2 might not look any different, but the refinements that Apple has made are all spot on. If you want a smartwatch that doubles as a solid fitness tracker then this is a fantastic option.” The 2016 Watch’s Siri recognition is incredible. You can respond to emails or instant messages with your voice and not have to worry (at least 99 percent of the time) about making corrections. Its integration with Google Maps is spot on. If you say, “Drive to closest Best Buy,” your gadget will soon guide you and tap you whenever you need to make a turn. The only thing missing on the Apple Watch Series 2 is cellular capabilities, which Apple left off allegedly because it would eat up a lot of battery life and almost make the Watch useless. However, you can bet that Apple is currently figuring out how to make their next Watch a 4G LTE gadget as well. Apple AirPods Apple surprised everyone with the high-class AirPods in 2016. [Image by Daryl Deino] When the AirPods were first announced in September of 2016, many people yawned. After all, how could a set of wireless earbuds not only stay in your ears, but offer decent sound? When Apple delayed the AirPods, people didn’t yawn anymore; they just laughed. However, when Apple made the AirPods officially available for Christmas, 2016, the gadget was heralded as a “return to form” for Apple. Rolling Stone describes the AirPods as “pretty f***ing cool,” while Forbes describes them as pure magic. This author wrote a review for the Inquisitr, claiming that Apple had finally released a gadget in 2016 that wasn’t overpriced (even if the $159 seems expensive). The AirPods are still hard to find, but once you use them, you won’t want to take them out of your ears — ever. [Featured Image by Daryl Deino] Now Watch This: Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Turkey Nightclub Shooting Now Read This: Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Share 25 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Apple AirPods, Apple Watch Series 2, HTC Vive January 2, 2017 Countless People Remember A Movie Called ‘Shazaam’ That Starred Sinbad…But It Doesn’t Even Exist – The Mandela Effect In Place? January 2, 2017 ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers: Order Of Rose Ceremony Eliminations After Episode 1 Of Nick Viall’s Season Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers For Episode 2: Nick Viall Heads Out On His First Dates, Awkward Moments Are Ahead Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.4k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos News Mid-air Plain Collision Kills Three In Texas News Queen Elizabeth II Misses New Years Service , Recovering From “Severe Cold” Politics Russian Malware Breach On Electric Grid, Officials Concerned For Potential Attacks News Donald Trump “Making America Great Again” With 5000 New Jobs Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Mobile The Best Gadgets Coming in 2017 Here are the likely standouts among the smartphones, VR headsets, and smart watches hitting the market this year. by Elizabeth Woyke January 1, 2017 Smartphone geeks have a lot to look forward to in 2017. Phones dominate our list of the six most significant gadgets we expect to see this year. Apple iPhone 8 To mark the iPhone’s 10th anniversary this year, Apple is expected to overhaul the phone’s design. One model could swap its liquid-crystal LCD display for one made of OLEDs (organic light-emitting diodes) that will wrap around the gadget’s edges. OLED displays are thinner, lighter, and more flexible than LCDs. Samsung’s Galaxy Edge phones sport a similar design and have been called gimmicky; Apple appears to be trying to make the feature more useful by enabling the phone to react when you touch any of its sides instead of just one.  Samsung Galaxy S8 As Samsung’s flagship gadget, the Galaxy S could rehabilitate the company’s reputation, which was tarnished by its botched Galaxy Note 7 recall—but only if the phone delights consumers and doesn’t spontaneously burst into flames. The upcoming Galaxy S8 is expected to be unveiled at the Mobile World Congress trade show in late February. The company has already revealed that the phone will feature a new virtual personal assistant based on technology from the startup Viv, which it acquired in October. The S8 is also rumored to pack an extremely high-resolution “4K” display, a second rear camera, and possibly an iris scanner for an added layer of security. Foldable Samsung phone This may also be the year that Samsung releases a foldable smartphone, a design it has been developing for years. As this 2013 Samsung concept video shows, such a device would let you read and view content on a tablet-sized screen that could convert to a smartphone-like size for convenient transport. Other companies, including Lenovo, the Chinese phone maker Oppo, and the Japanese display maker JDI have also created dual-screen and foldable smartphones, but none have been released commercially. Samsung hopes to beat them to market. Microsoft Surface phone CEO Satya Nadella has said Microsoft is working on the “ultimate mobile device.” What might that be? Its Surface series of laptops, PCs, and tablets is missing a phone, but one is expected to launch in 2017. You can expect it to have a metal body to match Microsoft’s other Surface devices and run the Windows 10 operating system through an emulator when connected to an external keyboard, monitor, and mouse. HTC Vive 2 VR headset What gadgets are you looking forward to buying in 2017? Tell us in the comments. A year ago, HTC’s pivot from making smartphones to focusing on virtual-reality technology seemed risky, but its Vive VR system has gained a solid following since its April 2016 release. For its follow-up device, HTC is expected to cut the cable that currently tethers the headset to its user’s PC. Startups have created accessories that let the headset be used wirelessly, and HTC is expected to offer a more integrated solution in the Vive 2. Android Wear 2.0 smart watches Last year wasn’t a banner year for smart watches. But 2017 will bring new watches based on Android Wear 2.0, an updated version of Google’s Android operating system. Because it will let users download and run apps on their watches via Bluetooth, cellular connection, or Wi-Fi, without relying on tethered connections from their smartphones, iPhone owners could use Android Wear devices. Android Wear 2.0 is in the “developer preview” phase and will be publicly released in early to mid-2017. From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Tagged Apple, Samsung, Google, Microsoft, HTC, Smart Watches, smartphones, tablets, gadgets, game consoles, electric vehicles, iPhone 8, Galaxy S8, Microsoft Surface, Windows 10, Nintendo, Faraday Future, VR Headsets Credit Illustration by Robert Beatty Elizabeth Woyke Business Editor I work with Nanette Byrnes to oversee, write, and edit MIT Technology Review’s business coverage. Business is a wide-ranging beat here, but I am especially interested in wireless communications, the Internet of things, innovative startups and their… More commercialization strategies, and the future of manufacturing. I began my career at Time Asia, followed by staff jobs at BusinessWeek and Forbes. More recently, I co-authored an e-book for O’Reilly Media about the gig economy and wrote a book called The Smartphone: Anatomy of an Industry, which was published in 2014. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Mobile How ubiquitous information and communication are transforming our lives. Behind the Numbers of Virtual Reality’s Sluggish Debut After years of hype, high-end VR headsets finally launched in 2016. Here’s why you probably don’t have one yet. by Signe Brewster Five Technologies Silicon Valley Killed in 2016 From Google Fiber to Pebble smart watches, several once-popular ideas faded to the background this year. by Mike Orcutt How Facebook Learns About Your Offline Life You probably know that the social network uses your profile to serve ads it thinks you’ll like—but it also draws on a lot of information it gathers from offline data brokers. by Michael Reilly More from Mobile Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Access to both Print and Online versions of MIT Technology Review The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Breaking News New Congress prepares to undo Obamacare, weigh Trump personnel picks Trump on North Korea ICBM: 'It won't happen!' China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea Tornadoes hit Mississippi as storms pound southern coastal states Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead Migrants in U.S., Mexico fret about Trump threat to halt remittances South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations U.S. judge rules South Carolina church gunman can act as own lawyer Tue 3 Jan 2017 - 4 Rabi II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Apple to cut iPhone production by 10pc in Q1 2017 Apple to cut iPhone production by 10pc in Q1 2017 Saturday 31st, December 2016 / 20:25 Written by Oman Observer in Business NEW YORK: Apple is set to reduce iPhone production by 10 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, a media report said. The news comes after Yahoo-owned research firm Flurry earlier this week revealed that the holiday season was a big hit for Apple’s iPhone and between December 19 to 25, Apple’s iPhone and iPad accounted for 44 per cent of all mobile activations — much higher than Samsung. “This is not the first time Apple has cut back on iPhone production as a similar event occurred this year in the January – March quarter. That cut on production was around 30 per cent,” 9to5mac.com reported. Last year, Apple’s devices accounted for 49.1 per cent of all activations during the same period while Samsung last year accounted for 19.8 per cent of all activations. Apple is also reportedly planning to manufacture iPhones in Bengaluru in association with Wistron, a Taiwanese OEM manufacturer for Apple and will start production by April 2017. The Wall Street Journal says: “Apple plans bigger design changes for 2017, the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. — IANS About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Foxconn to invest $8 bn in China LCD plant Registration opens for Bank Muscat al Wathbah Businesswomen’s award → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Govt units to submit revised payrolls Ministry mulls private investment in public schools Municipal Council heads in Governorates take oath Municipal Council Chief takes oath Read More ... Facebook Twitter 43 minutes ago#ParentsAlert: several Instances of schoolbus drivers striking up intimate relationships with female students… /t.co/VvknKZe0NX 15 hours ago@RopTraffic Traffic movement is normal on the Ruwi-Amerat road following an incident involving a trailer /t.co/BblCLxEYEY 16 hours agoOver than 390 cheese jars seized at one of #Nizwa hypermarkets @pacp_oman /t.co/Jmwuyi10MV Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Door Co Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Door Co Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Local scoreboard: Dec. 31, 2016 Bowling scores included Post to Facebook Local scoreboard: Dec. 31, 2016 Bowling scores included  Check out this story on greenbaypressgazette.com: http://gbpg.net/2hFhWQt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Local scoreboard: Dec. 31, 2016 9:24 p.m. CST December 31, 2016 BOWLING APPLE VALLEY Apple Dumping League: John Moore 699, Mike Peck 691, Paul Burlo 688, Derek Kramer 671, Randy LeMieux Jr. 669, Kathy Franke 612 WILLOW CREEK Nationals: Zak Agamite 721, Barry Thompson 721 (289), Brian Hylok 711, Nick Clark 706, Garrett Heinz 705 (299), Monk Jones 700, Matt Denny 695 (278), Nate Vandenlangenberg 691, Kelli Lackey 691, Nick Waskoski 678, Cal Wickman 678, Mike Herman 677, Jeff Hoeksema 670, Bill Seidlitz 653, Elliott Jensen 661, Tom Phillipsen 658, Ace Kane 658, Mike Agamite 655 Friday Couples: Barnie Haen 650 (269), Carrie Jaeger 631 (224) Silver Classic: Ken Webster 666, Bob Wiedenhaft 658, Ron Van Duck 658, Ken Englebert 647, Mike Barribeau 646, Mike Radtke 638, Marv Severson 631, Dennis Rukamp 629, Jerry Nickolai 621, Brian Timmins 606, Dick Diener 600, Jeff Bourn 600 TOP VIDEOS Spartans prepare for Miles Bridges' return, Rutgers 5:00 Packers playoff tickets still available 0:51 Early news on Rollins encouraging 2:47 Where do Lions stand heading into playoffs? 17:39 McCarthy: Both teams have momentum, confidence 1:31 Who's better? Isaiah Thomas or Isiah Thomas 2:07 Answering voicemails from Packers fans 3:06 Broncos coach Gary Kubiak retires 1:15 Looking ahead to NFL wild-card weekend 2:44 San Diego Chargers fire coach Mike McCoy 1:05 49ers fire coach Chip Kelly 1:07 Dougherty, McGinn on division title, playoff matchup 2:32 Clemson shuts out Ohio State to advance to national title game 1:46 Most memorable NBA moments of 2016 1:47 Alabama breaks away to win CFP semifinal 1:50 Insiders: IU's poor shooting leads to loss vs. Louisville 3:57 3 Matchups To Watch In Packers-Lions 1:05 Our predictions for Packers vs. Lions 2:39 Swinney: 'Gameday underwear' key to Ohio State success 0:41 Spartans clamp down on Northwestern 4:03 WATCH: Coyotes among us 2:28 10 things to look for in 2017 1:07 What does Phil Parker think of his star cornerback deciding to play in Outback Bowl? 0:27 Josey Jewell explains his cellphone wallpaper 1:23 Phil Parker on Florida matchup, young players' growth 1:09 Ohio State, Clemson coaches keep things light, crack jokes at Fiesta Bowl media day 1:59 Nick Saban on Chris Petersen's trick plays 1:12 Peach and Fiesta Bowl players on their path to playoff victory 0:53 Clemson and Ohio State show off dance moves at Fiesta Bowl media day 0:42 'There's still more out there' 0:31
Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health Search The TeCake Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health 11 C New Delhi Tuesday, January 3, 2017 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Trending Now Scientists predict discovery of alien life in 2017 NASA discovers rare comet U1 NEOWISE that can be seen with naked eyes Home News Gadget Expectations are high from Apple in 2017: What we know about iPhone,... Gadget Expectations are high from Apple in 2017: What we know about iPhone, MacBook, iPad and AR The new Apple iPhone will be devoid of any buttons and will consist of an edge-to-edge display. The device will carry an OLED display, fingerprint sensor, and camera will be on the display itself. By Mudit Tiwari - Jan 1, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Overall, the year 2016 has been a disappointing one for Apple. Although launched with new features such as no audio jack, the iPhone 7 was not able to create its magic. But, one thing stands true, Whether you love or hate Apple Products, you all wait eagerly for new Apple products and updates. Let us have a look at the new upcoming rumoured Apple Products to be launched in 2017: iPhone Series The smartphone industry is already abuzz with the upcoming iPhone launch. Rumours are that Apple new smartphone will be termed as iPhone 8 or Apple X. The ‘X’ name maybe due to the tenth anniversary of Apple in 2017.  Reports are coming that the new iPhone will be devoid of any buttons and will consist of an edge-to-edge display. The device will carry an OLED display,  fingerprint sensor, and camera will be on the display itself. It is also assumed that the new iPhone will be available in new Space Black and Deep Blue colour variants. iPad Air 3/Pro You all must be knowing that since past two years, Apple has not launched any addition to its ipad Air series, with the last launch being iPad 2 in 2014.  However, news has been doing rounds that 2017 will be the year when Apple will release the iPad Air 3 with hopes of a better camera, 3D Touch, a large 10.5-inch display and a high-speed processor. Moreover, after the release of a 9.7 iPad Pro, we are expecting a new update in the month of March with hopes of the A10X processor, and True Tone Display. New MacBook or Just an update? Apple launched the Apple MacBook Pro in 2016 in 13-inch and 15-inch screen variants and was a major disappointment to the people for its not so good battery life and dependency on adapters to make the accessories compatible with the Thunderbolt 3 port. Therefore, we can only expect an update to upgrade the functioning, specifications and battery life of the MacBook. Apple must also be aware of the new rival- Surface Studio’s all-in-one PC. Apple Augmented Reality (AR ) Tim Cook has already expressed his interest in augmented reality. So all that’s left see is what specifications will the AR be having. According to Apple insiders, Cupertino’s next foray into the quickly expanding wearables market will be digital, augmented reality glasses. Apple has discussed a potential competitor to Snapchat’s Spectacles and Google’s Project Aura with its hardware suppliers and even ordered “small quantities of near-eye displays” for testing purposes. Tags: Apple Augmented Reality, Apple iPad, Apple iPhone, Apple MacBook, iPad, iPhone, leak, MacBook, rumour Mudit Tiwari Around the web Around the web More from The TeCakeMore from the Author Next iPhone will be massive: Leak Apple rumoured to launch New iPad, MacBook, iMac and iPhone X next year Three Most Horrible Things about Apple iOS 10.2 you must know before upgrading iPhone 8 might be launched in three all-glass variants iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 officially go live The magic of iPad can reduce the pre-surgery anxiety among children Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Around The Web Latest News Scientists predict discovery of alien life in 2017 Jan 3, 2017 NASA discovers rare comet U1 NEOWISE that can be seen with... Jan 3, 2017 BSNL launches unlimited calling plan for Rs. 144, plans to install... Jan 2, 2017 HTC Ocean Note is soon to be launched without headphone jack Jan 2, 2017 Vivo V5 Plus to be launched in India on January 23 Jan 2, 2017 Google Welcomes New Year 2017 with its Doodle Jan 2, 2017 Karnataka tourism launches consolidated effort to attract adventure enthusiasts Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App: The Indian interface of online transaction Jan 2, 2017 Editor's Pick Expectations are high from Apple in 2017: What we know about... Mudit Tiwari - Jan 1, 2017 Which phone has a better camera? iPhone 7 Plus vs Google... Rishabh Rajvanshi - Jan 1, 2017 Top smartphones of 2016 from iPhone 7 to Samsung Galaxy S7 Michael Turner - Dec 30, 2016 Top 5 smartphones of 2016 in India under Rs. 10,000 Michael Turner - Dec 28, 2016 Here are the best 5 smartphones of 2016 you can buy... Michael Turner - Dec 27, 2016 An online news blog, which brings latest updates from Technology, Gadget, Software, Science and Business Email: contact@tecake.com Links RSS Latest News Press Release The Indian Tribune Info About Contact Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe to The TeCake via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The TeCake. All rights reserved. Pin It on Pinterest Previous Samsung gears up to roll out Android Nougat update for its flagship handsets Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Next NASA lying on Aliens? Living creatures like spider, monkey and snail found on Mars (Video+)
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Tech execs' boldest predictions for 2017 and beyond Free cybersecurity tools for all your needs Outlook vs. native apps in Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android 5 rock-solid Linux distros for developers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Windows Server Security Software All Software Browsers Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security Hacking 5 signs we're finally getting our act together on security Despite all the bad news in information security in 2016, some positive developments may finally shift momentum By Fahmida Y. Rashid | Follow Senior Writer, InfoWorld | Dec 29, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Thinkstock More like this 7 security predictions for 2017 What 2017 has in store for cybersecurity Rise of the IoT machines Video Making diversity in tech work for you The high-water line in information security gets higher each year. Just as we think we’ve finally figured out how to defend against attacks, then attackers come up with something new and we are right back to trying to figure out what to do next. For example, ransomware has surged in the last year. Although that kind of malware has been around for years, the current model of encrypting user files to hold data hostage came about just recently. Infections quadrupled in 2016, with the FBI estimating an average of 4,000 attacks a day. A recent IBM survey of 600 business leaders in the United States found that one in two had experienced a ransomware attack in the workplace, and that companies paid the ransom 70 percent of the time. As a result, criminals are on track to make nearly $1 billion this year from ransomware, IBM X-Force said. [ Give yourself a technology career advantage with InfoWorld's Deep Dive technology reports and Computerworld's career trends reports. GET A 15% DISCOUNT through Jan.15, 2017: Use code 8TIISZ4Z. | Make threat intelligence meaningful: A 4-point plan. | Discover how to secure your systems with InfoWorld's Security Report newsletter. ] And there’s been seemingly no end to hackers getting into corporate databases. Just ask Yahoo. Or the Democratic National Committee. Even the FBI was able to find a firm to hack into the Apple iPhone 5c, which for a while seemed unhackable. For IT and security professionals, this endless fire fighting gets exhausting. Old threats come back in new forms, and new attacks keep making the list of things to worry about even longer. Malicious word macros are back. Exploit kits still love Flash. SMS text messages with one-time codes for second-factor authentication proved hackable. It all makes you want to give up and curl up in a dark corner. But 2016 wasn’t all bad news for enterprise security, and there are some wins that give hope for a more secure future. 1. We’re looking at passwords in a better light Authentication, especially how we use passwords, was a recurring theme with every data breach. Yes, password reuse is still a problem and weak passwords like “password1” and “123456” are still a thing, but we are seeing more people use password managers to secure their online accounts and fingerprint sensors to lock their physical devices. “Biometrics will no longer be seen as novel in 2017, but necessary,” said Daniel Ingevaldson, CTO of security company Easy Solutions. There are fingerprint sensors on the market today with security features including TLS 1.2 and 256-bit encryption, anti-spoofing technologies, live-or-dead detection, and match-in-sensor architectures, said Anthony Gioeli, a vice president at Synaptics’s biometrics division. Apple has had hardware-secured fingerprint sensors in its mobile devices for several years, and now in its newest MacBook Pro. Samsung and Google use similar technology in their latest smartphones. And Microsoft has built in support for biometrics in Windows 10 and beefed up the security in this year’s Windows 10 Anniversary Update. The National Institute of Standards and Technology is also tackling the problem. The draft version of the Digital Authentication Guideline document includes new guidance on password policies, such as allowing for longer passwords; allowing spaces and other characters; removing special character requirements (such as what combination of letters, numbers, and non-alphanumeric characters must be used); and doing away with password hints. NIST also said in the draft that sending unique passcodes via SMS messages should not be used as part of a two-factor authentication scheme, and that stronger authentication schemes should be adopted. Although the guidance is still in draft form and the official public comment period doesn’t start until early 2017, IT departments can use it to start thinking about how to improve authentication, such as rolling out multifactor authentication and changing password requirements. Another bonus: NIST’s Mary Theofanos said mandatory password changes don’t make sense, so IT departments can now work on alternative methods — and stop torturing users. 2. We may finally be taking IoT security seriously Last year, we could see the ransomware wave coming. This year, it’s internet of things (IoT) security — or the extreme lack thereof — that is clearly on the horizon. The distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks this fall, which spread through home security cameras, VCRs, and other connected devices, took down the internet and seemed to be the industry wakeup call that finally worked. Made up of compromised IoT devices, the Mirai botnet launched large attacks against French service provider OVH, the website of security blogger Brian Krebs, and networking company Dyn. The last time DDoS was the big story, it was about hacktivists and online pranksters targeting financial websites and other visible targets. This time, botnets are launching large, multivector attacks that can exceed 1 terabit per second — and interrupt internet access for millions.   Security experts have been warning for some time about the millions of devices that are connected to the internet without even the most basic security features, so the Mirai attack shouldn’t have been a surprise. And with Mirai’s source code publicly available, it is safe to assume there are other IoT botnets waiting in the shadows to strike. With all these devices connecting to the internet, we are ripe for an IoT worm, said Lamar Bailey, senior director of security research and development at Tripwire. Fixing the problem will require a lot of coordination, creativity, and persistence, but perhaps people are actually seeing the risks. The silver lining is that the Mirai attack was a “fairly cheap lesson in what a compromised IoT [threat] would look like while there’s still time to do something about it,” said Geoff Webb, vice president of solution strategy at Micro Focus. But IoT vendors need to get serious about security fast — and consumers should avoid their products until they do. 3. We’re getting other benefits on the coattails of new security technology It’s always a good sign when adopting something for security reasons winds up having other benefits. New protocols like Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.3 and HTTP2 will make the web safer, but there are clear performance improvements as well. It’s very likely the uptick in adoption of TLS 1.3 and HTTP2 by web developers will be spurred by the increased speeds the protocols enable, said Ryan Kearny, CTO of networking company F5 Networks. “In 2017, the increase in web speed will spur rapid adoption of TLS 1.3 —- and that will, in turn, make the web more secure,” Kearny said. 4. We’re getting more realistic about security Security was one of those things people never really understood. TV shows and movies didn’t help, with slick graphics and fancy dramatizations of what hacking supposedly looks like. Then, along came the TV show “Mr. Robot,” and the show’s star, Rami Malek, winning an Emmy for his portrayal of Elliott Alderson. “Out of all the attempts that Hollywood has made to tell a compelling story using cyber as the backdrop, Mr. Robot is the most complete,” said Rick Howard, CSO of networking security company Palo Alto Networks. If nothing else, nonsecurity professionals now have a better understanding of just how bad things can get. It’s no longer just that one weak password, one link in an email, or that one old software application that hasn’t been updated. There is no need to oversensationalize the security issues in “Mr. Robot” — the reality is bad enough. That better understanding should help users understand why they need to pay more attention to at least security basics. And why they keep getting breach notices from the likes of Yahoo and Dailymotion. But it doesn’t help that there’s still a culture of silence about breaches among security pros and the companies they work for. No one likes to talk about their failures or to be a headline. But because no one is sharing what mistakes were made, the same breaches keep happening over and over. That’s why the formation of new Information Sharing and Analysis Centers (ISAC) is a positive — though small — development, a sign of realism creeping into the security professionals’ culture, too. Although existing ISAC and commercial information-sharing platforms are expanding to include more enterprises, they need to become even more widespread. Developers have plenty of places where they can post code snippets and get programming help. IT and security professionals should have forums where they can share their security stories, ask questions without judgment, and learn about what worked for their peers, said Jeannie Warner, a security strategist at WhiteHat Security. “The bad guys have Tor, Reddit, and other social networks to share information and tools. The good guys need to adopt theirs just as freely,” Warner said. It’s easy to see information security as a never-ending stream of attacks. Perhaps the most distressing thing about the year’s outages and breaches is the fact that there is an awful lot happening that IT doesn’t know about. Security experts frequently warn that just because there is no evidence of a breach doesn’t mean there isn’t a breach. That was definitely true at Yahoo: The internet company disclosed two gigantic breaches, but the scariest thing wasn’t the number of victims — it was the fact that they happened years ago and no one even suspected. “We went years with billions of records being sucked out from right under our noses and we didn’t even know it,” wrote security expert Troy Hunt. He called the current mindset “conscious incompetence,” where we know we have a big problem. That’s a better place to be than the previous stage, where the prevailing attitude was, “It won’t happen to me.” The big question is knowing where to go next. “How much more are we going to discover over the next year? Or not discover at all?” Hunt asked. If we’re finally getting real about security, and come out of the shadows, we should finally begin to make real progress. 5. We may finally get security promises we can bank on As consumers, we demand money back when we are not satisfied with a product’s performance or functionality. But IT typically doesn’t get that option with security products. Only 25 percent of U.S. IT security decisionmakers said their primary security vendor is willing to guarantee their product by covering the costs of a breach, including lawsuits and ransoms, according to a recent survey by endpoint security company SentinelOne. But most IT security professionals in the survey said they would like security vendors to offer a guarantee their products would deliver on their promises — and 88 percent claimed they would change providers if a competitor offered such a guarantee. “The industry has reached a tipping point, where security vendors will need to guarantee that their products will hold up against cyberattacks and assume responsibility if they fail to do so,” said Jeremiah Grossman, chief of security strategy at SentinelOne. “Customers are tired of paying additional fees to address security breaches, especially when they have already paid for security defenses in the first place.” There are now a handful of companies that offer security guarantees. SentinelOne’s guarantee covers $1,000 per endpoint, or $1 million per company payout, in the event of a successful ransomware infection after installing SentinelOne’s Endpoint Protection Platform. Cymmetria covers the costs incurred in notifying victims, hiring attorneys, bringing in digital forensics investigators, and repairing the damage in case of an advanced persistent threat gaining unauthorized access, moving laterally through the network, and stealing protected information from compromised systems in organizations that have deployed Cymmetria’s MazeRunner cyber-deception platform. Trusona and WhiteHat Security also have similar product guarantees. As we’ve seen over the past few months, even security products can have vulnerabilities. But in several of the cases, the mistakes seemed fairly basic, even avoidable — not at all at the level of what a security provider should be delivering. Providing product guarantees should wring out such sloppiness from security providers, because they’ll finally pay a real price for their own neglect. “It’s high time people in our industry started putting their money where their mouth is and taking responsibility for what they sell, assuring what they do works,” said Gadi Evron, Cymmetria’s CEO. Related: Hacking Malware Password Security Security Internet of Things Fahmida Y. Rashid is a senior writer at InfoWorld, whose coverage focuses on information security. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... Microsoft yanks buggy speed-up patch KB 3161608, replaces it with KB 3172605 Microsoft and Intel are in a standoff when it comes to Bluetooth bugs in the Windows Update speed-up... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored The Power of Smarter Data Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud eBook Sponsored DevOps and Agile Operations: Insights From the Experts Go Top Stories How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run Not sold on Windows 10? We have the keys to keeping your Win7 system running the way you like it A lesson from network outages: Redundancy matters Redundancy is important for infrastructure and third-party providers, not just applications and... The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 A bevy of new technologies next year will bring PCs into the era of VR, AI, and 5G The 7 most vexing problems in programming Here be dragons: These gnarly corners of the coding world can be formidable foes, even for seasoned... Sponsored Links InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology ﻿ From iPhone 8 to Google Pixel 2, five most anticipated smartphones of 2017 By Ankita Bhandari | Last Updated: Monday, January 2, 2017 - 02:12 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: The iPhone 7 and Google Pixel XL may have captured the market in 2016, but there still many more smartphones that we expect to be released in this year, i.e. in 2017.  So, if your current smartphone is about to give up and you are planning to gift yourself a new phone, the year 2017 may be the perfect time for you to upgrade that "wireless handheld gadget". Amid the holiday rush, we list down five most anticipated smartphones that are believed to hit the stores in 2017:  iPhone 8  We know its just been few months to the release of iPhone 7 and thousands of people have loosened their pockets on it, but Apple fans are already looking forward to the launch of iPhone 8.  Also, this year marks the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, which was first announced by Steve Jobs in January 2007 and released in June in the same year.  So, given the significance of the occasion, rumour is rife that Apple is holding some of its prestigious features for its next model - likely to be called iPhone 8.  HTC 11 The HTC 11 is one of those much-awaited smartphones to be released in 2017. It is expected to be HTC's flagship phone and is all set to amuse its fans with its key features.  The phone is speculated to have a 5.5-inch display with a 1440x2560 QHD resolution. The device is also believed to run on the new Android Nougat system.  The phone expected to be unveiled in February and officially launched in April. Google Pixel 2 As we’re busy heaping praise on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, an interesting debate has engaged the smartphone lovers that "Google would soon blow the iPhone away". And the new smartphone to be brought in by the Google will not only have brilliant camera features but would also have a new processor.  Though the official release date of the phone is unknown to us, we believe that it would be around the same time the first Pixel phone was released, i.e. around the fourth quarter.  OnePlus  Chinese smartphone manufacturer OnePlus, that has managed to rise to prominence, didn't even exist four years back. However, with the release of OnePlus One, the brand entered the gigantic world of the smartphone market and begin their journey with a huge storm.  Their last release was OnePlus 3T in November 2016 and the next OnePlus model is expected to be released somewhere around March and May.  The smartphone is expected to have either 6GB or 8GB of RAM with a fastest mobile processors. It is also expected to have a storage capacity of 128GB and a much larger battery longevity.  Xiaomi Mi 6 Another Chinese electronic company that took the smartphone market by storm. Xiaomi has become the largest smartphone manufacturer in the world with the likes of Samsung, Apple and Lenovo. The brand is all geared up to release a new edition to their Mi series with the launch of Mi6. The phone is believed to be released between February and April.     Xiaomi Mi6 is supposed to be prepared through a 5.2'' (inch) UHD display with dual camera and 4GB of RAM. It has been whispered that Xiaomi Mi6 will be the first Chinese smartphone to have Qualcomm Snapdragon 2.5 GHz processor.  Follow @https://twitter.com/ankita_katty First Published: Monday, January 2, 2017 - 02:12 More from zeenews   India Re-promulgation of an ordinance a fraud on the constitution: SC Prepared for a two-front war but want peace: Army Chief Bipin Rawat 'Iron Lady' Irom Sharmila to contest Manipur polls against CM Okram Ibobi More from India World Barack Obama to deliver farewell address in home city Chicago on January 10, thanks American people for 'amazing journey' Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre Daughter of South Korean leader's friend arrested in Denmark amid graft probe More from World Sports Upsurge in form at Manchester United has shut up critics, says Zlatan Ibrahimovic WATCH: Adam Voges survives getting stumped after biggest wicket keeping blunder ever Sadio Mane, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang notable club absentees to feature in AFCON More from Sports Entertainment Sunil Grover's 'Coffee With D' makers claim to get death threats Should support causes close to our heart: Sunny Leone Joined 'Munna Michael' to overcome fear of dancing: Nawazuddin Siddiqui More from Entertaiment Health Pregnant woman goes into labour, broadcasts it live to 200,000 people on Facebook! Winter special: Get rid of the sniffles with these five superfoods! Consume these superfoods for healthy 2017 More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed India's first 'Clean India' machine set up in Delhi's Connaught place Watch: PM Modi addresses Mahaparivartan rally in Lucknow Mulayam Singh cancels SP National Convention scheduled for January 5 Will rival political parties gain from Samajwadi Party's feud? Akhilesh Yadav addresses SP's National Convention Reliance Jio’s Welcome Offer becomes invalid: Know what happens to your free voice calls, data? Unprecedented crowd at PM Narendra Modi's Lucknow Parivartan Rally WATCH: When Brad Haddin tried MS Dhoni's blind run-out without success Bigg Boss 10: Gaurav Chopra OUT from the show? PM Modi addresses parivartan rally in Lucknow: As it happened Related News Nokia Edge android smartphone likely launching next month: Key expected features, price and more   'Smartphones may help combat antimicrobial resistance' Freedom 251 phone manufacturer Ringing Bells shutting down? Freedom 251: 70,000 smartphones delivered to customers, says Ringing Bells Two variants of Lenovo K6 Note launched in India, price starts Rs 13,999 TAGS Smartphones Top smartphones iPhone iPhone 8 Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel XL Samsung Xiaomi Mi6 HTC 11 top five smartphones gadgets Photos Soha Ali Khan-Instagram; Aisha Sharma-Instagram 350th birth anniversary of Sri Guru Gobind Singh; Premier Badminton League Debutants of 2016 in Tamil Cinema Top Videos DNA: Meet the world's happiest man 'Matthieu Ricard' Watch: PM Modi addresses Mahaparivartan rally in Lucknow Supreme Court verdict out; Anurag Thakur and Ajay Shirke sacked from respective BCCI posts India's first 'Clean India' machine set up in Delhi's Connaught place More from other Sections 2017 Pro Wrestling League: Preview, Teams, Schedule, Telecast, Streaming — All you need to know! Premier League: Jermain Defoe double frustrates Liverpool, Sergio Aguero scores in Manchester City win Sushant Singh Rajput takes a dig at ‘Befikre’ Ranveer Singh, Aditya Chopra? Akshay Kumar, Salman Khan and Karan Johar team up for a film! Radish: What all you need to know about its nutrition and health benefits These signs show you are addicted to caffeine! contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 13 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Tech Trends / Self-Driving Startups To Watch in 2017 ISACA's half-year, half-price offer Driverless New Year: Self-Driving Startups To Watch in 2017 By Johana Bhuiyan PUBLISHED: JANUARY 01 2017 2016 was the year of many things. For the auto and tech industries, it was the year the companies that already placed their bets on self-driving technology began showing their hands. Auto giants -- some of which were increasingly aware that they were moving into relatively uncharted territory - began buying up or otherwise forging partnerships with tech startups. GM acquired Cruise and partnered with Lyft. Ford acquired Chariot and Israeli machine learning and computer vision startup SAIPS. As the hype around driverless cars grew, so did the demand for teams with backgrounds in AI and machine learning -- both relatively nascent fields. Even the biggest tech companies, namely Uber, were left wanting. So, Uber also went on somewhat of a purchasing tear and acquired then six-month-old self-driving trucking startup Otto and put Anthony Levandowski, its co-founder and one of the founders of Google's self-driving project, at the head of all of Uber's autonomous efforts. The ride-hail company then bought out AI startup Geometric Intelligence and tapped its co-founder Gary Marcus to head up Uber's new AI lab. Investors took notice and also began placing their bets -- if they hadn't already. Around the same time as the Cruise acquisition -- which was seen as a coup for Silicon Valley -- A16z invested in aftermarket autonomous startup Comma.ai. Shortly after, Andy Rubin's Playground invested in aftermarket car tech startup Nauto. The list goes on. This demand will likely continue as companies trudge forward in the competition to build and develop self-driving cars. That means investors will be paying attention to startups with the skills to build any aspect of the self-driving stack as some of them increasingly become potential acquisition targets while the others take on the biggest names in transportation. In no particular order, here is a non-exhaustive list of the startups we'll be watching: Chris Urmson's Self-Driving Startup Call it premature, but investors will be keeping a close eye on what the former chief technology officer of Google's self-driving project will be doing. Urmson, who left Google in August, is starting his own autonomous startup, sources told Recode. We don't know much about the company except that Urmson likely plans on developing the full stack of autonomous hardware and software and then licensing it to automakers. So how do we know it's worth watching? Well, for investors, the company looks like a win-win. Urmson -- a much sought-after engineering talent himself -- has already approached big names from companies like Uber, Tesla and Apple. So at the very least, the yet-to-be-named or -launched company is certainly an acquisition target purely for the talent, if nothing else. But at most, not only does Urmson have the technical know-how, he seems to have a path to market in mind, according to sources. So it could prove to be a worthy investment even as an independent company. Zoox Zoox, which recently closed a $200 million round at a $1 billion valuation, is building a fully electric fleet of self-driving vehicles to be used in a ride-hail service. The company has yet to unveil its vehicle or much of its plans but is one of the few startups attempting to build a car from the ground up. That's a hard problem that even Waymo -- Alphabet's self-driving subsidiary -- and Apple have reportedly decided against pursuing. That's exactly why several sources say the company had difficulty raising its most recent round. But it's also what makes the company intriguing. However unlikely or difficult it may seem, if Zoox is able to build everything from the vehicle to the self-driving software to the ride-hail platform, it will be the only company to do so without partnering with other players. In 2017, fresh off a new infusion of cash, it's likely the company will have to officially show off some part of its full fledged robot-taxi service. Drive.ai Drive.ai recently launched out of stealth with one pitch: The solution to all your self-driving uncertainties is deep learning -- a type of machine learning. The company's co-founder Sameep Tandon insists the startup is the only company using deep learning to power the entire autonomous system. That means it's powering everything from the sensors and cameras, to the vehicle's decision-making, to the way the car communicates with people and things around it. The company, which has raised $12 million to date, also launched having already secured a few commercial fleet partnerships for which the company will retrofit their software and hardware stack into vehicles in order to collect, test and verify real-world driving data. Not to mention, its founders - who wouldn't give too many more details about the partnerships - claim to be among the few people with extensive backgrounds in deep learning. Nuro.ai Though it was co-founded by Jiajun Zhu and Dave Ferguson - two of the top self-driving engineers from Google's car shop - the robotics and AI startup Nuro.ai won't focus only on transportation. While the first in its suite of products will be a fully self-driving car -- which the company hopes to launch in the next two to four years -- Nuro also plans to draw from the wide range of machine learning and robotics experience its staffers have to build a series of AI-powered products. The company, still in semi-stealth mode, has raised some money - though its head of product Michael Hanuschik wouldn't disclose how much. But again, purely based on talent, the company may be worth the attention. Nuro's team includes engineers with robotics, artificial intelligence and self-driving experience who had a hand in either developing or shipping an unusually wide range of products including Nexus cameras, Google Image search, the Mars Exploration and Curiosity Rovers, Google street view, Google's self-driving cars and a number of surgical tools. nuTonomy This MIT spinoff, which has headquarters in Singapore and Massachusetts, has made significant strides that rival its more established competitor, Uber. In a matter of months, the company beat out Uber and other players and was named Singapore's official autonomous research and development partner, it partnered with Uber's Southeast Asian rival Grab and launched a self-driving pilot [seen here] in both Singapore and Massachusetts. To date, the three-year-old company has raised just under $20 million. NuTonomy is also testing its vehicles in Michigan and in the U.K., where the company said it has a partnership with Jaguar Land Rover. Varden Labs Varden Labs is a stealth self-driving company that graduated from startup incubator Y Combinator as part of the Winter 2016 class. The company recently raised $4.5 million in seed funding which was led by Maven Ventures. Notably, both Maven and Y Combinator were investors in Cruise. There's very little known about the startup, but the site and past coverage of the company focus on developing autonomous technology on the cheap. The co-founders of the company, Michael Skupien and Alex Rodrigues, previously retrofitted golf carts to drive autonomously around the University of Waterloo in 2015 and other college campuses. "We constructed a self-driving vehicle for public roads faster and cheaper than anyone in history. In an industry filled with billion dollar titans we are fast, lean and creative," the site reads. The company expects to launch officially in February and should disclose more details on its plans then. More Auto-Tech Startups To Watch These other companies wouldn't qualify as self-driving startups in their current iterations but have ambitions to lend some or all of their capabilities to power autonomous tech: Pearl Auto, Nauto, Driversiti, Quanergy, and Zendrive. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Automotive, Autonomous Cars, Driverless, NHTSA, Waymo, Uber, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Tech Trends, Personal Tech Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Self-Driving Startups To Watch in 2017 2. Will 2017 Be the Year VR Gets Real? 3. Tech Winners and Losers of 2016 4. What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? 5. Tesla, Panasonic Expand Solar Deal MAY INTEREST YOU ISACA® is dedicated to keeping you informed and helping advance your career. We provide access to key information resources, globally recognized certifications, expert peer network, timely industry research, and premier conferences and events. Sample a six month membership for half the cost today! MORE IN TECH TRENDS 1. How Will Big Data Evolve in 2017? 2. Self-Driving Startups To Watch in 2017 3. Retailers Shift as Online Sales Grow 4. What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? 5. Will 2017 Be the Year VR Gets Real? Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets mobile phones Tim Cook battles dreary sales due to ‘stale’ line-up of gadgets January 1, 20175:09pm Apple CEO Tim Cook is under pressure. Picture: AP/Evan Vucci James CovertNew York Post FOR TIM Cook, the end of 2016 could not have come soon enough. Apple’s chief executive has been battling lacklustre results at the Cupertino, California-based tech giant, with critics blaming ho-hum sales on an increasingly “stale” line-up of gadgets — including the iPhone. The New York Post reports the most recent evidence came Friday, with a report from Japanese news agency Nikkei that Apple will slash production of the iPhone 7 by about 10 per cent because it “has sold more sluggishly than expected.” The downbeat news echoed this spring, when Mr Cook was forced to announce a dismal milestone: Quarterly sales of the iPhone — by many measures the most successful consumer product in history — dropped for the first time ever. “This, too, shall pass,” Mr Cook insisted on a call with Wall Street analysts in April. “The future of Apple is very bright.” Some investors aren’t so sure. Mr Cook had pleaded that the iPhone 6S — whose sales dropped 15 per cent and 16 per cent in the spring and summer quarters, respectively — was more or less a placeholder product ahead of the iPhone 7. But when the iPhone 7 got unveiled in September, the biggest difference reviewers found between it and the 6 models was that it lacked a headphone jack — a switch that many actually found annoying. The new iPhones did not impress everybody. Picture: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/AFPSource:AFP The news was the latest disappointment for Apple shareholders, who have weathered a bumpy ride this year. The stock rose 10.8 per cent this year, but that’s short of the Dow Jones industrial average, which added more than 15 per cent. It’s not just stale product updates that are now plaguing Apple. Lately, execution under Mr Cook looks slipshod. The iPhone 7’s painful pivot for customers came as Apple announced the AirPods, a wireless set of headphones to accompany the jackless iPhone 7. But the $179 AirPods soon got delayed past a promised October shipment date and weren’t available to many customers until after Christmas. The snafu was a particular embarrassment for Mr Cook, who was tapped as Steve Jobs’ successor in 2012 partly for his prowess in running a tight supply chain for products. Touring the New York Stock Exchange earlier this week, Mr Cook claimed the AirPods were “a runaway success” — a typically vague pronouncement with no numbers in it. Separately, this fall Apple received a mixed reception to a long-awaited upgrade the MacBook Pro. The biggest redesign of Apple’s flagship laptop in eight years added a sleek “touch bar” to replace the row of function keys above the keyboard. Reviewers mainly noticed, however, that the new MacBook Pro’s battery life fell short of the previous model’s. Apple sales Looking ahead to 2017, many are pinning hopes to the next iPhone. A rumoured “iPhone 8” is expected to get a significant overhaul, possibly with a bigger screen and a body that’s made entirely of glass. Still, many investors remain troubled about the company’s direction, as new projects including an Apple car have reportedly run into problems. “There’s no question Apple’s best days are behind it,” Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said earlier this year. In addition to its product problems, Mr Sacconaghi continues to cite the challenge of tacking any significant gains onto Apple’s already massive market cap, which is still the world’s biggest at nearly $620 billion. Indeed, the biggest reason to buy Apple shares, according to many bulls, has nothing to do with the company’s products. Rather, it’s the prospect of a massive stock buyback in the event that Apple gets a tax holiday from the Trump administration to bring its mountain of overseas cash back to the US. This article originally appeared on the New York Post and was republished with permission. Apple and CEO Tim Cook, Five Years Later1:43 Apple CEO Tim Cook took over the reins from co-founder Steve Jobs five years ago. Since taking over, how has Apple performed? Photo: Getty Images. August 23rd 2016 4 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ Jump back to top Right now in technology 208Readers Website lets you spy on friend’s downloads 112Readers Bill Gates is worried about our ability to handle a global p... 126Readers Melbourne landlord blasted for installing coin-operated toil... 89Readers 8Booth YouTube pool stunt goes horribly wrong MORE IN Mobile Phones Yes your child can really do this Nokia to release new old-school phones Why this iPhone costs a whopping $6500 FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Tech trends to watch in 2017 CBS News 1 day ago Brian Mastroianni © Snap screen-shot-2016-09-26-at-11-35-23-am.png As 2016 gives way to the new year, tech trend-watchers are looking ahead to the innovations that will impact our daily lives in the not-too-distant future. Will 2017 be the year when the self-driving car really takes off? Will companies like Apple continue to dominate consumers’ wish lists, or will new startups emerge to challenge the larger, more established brands? For every groundbreaking development that comes along to shift the ways people live their lives, there are plenty of examples like virtual reality — buzzy tech that flooded news feeds and found a place on every “tech trends of 2016” list — that have yet to live up to the all the hype.  CBS News asked some experts for their thoughts on how technology might make its mark in 2017.  Shift in consumer tech 2017 may be a year when we continue to see innovative updates to already existing tech rather than a big, splashy new device that makes waves. The era of the “one, big, monumental ‘thing’ that everyone is focused on” seems to have hit a “plateau,” CNET senior editor Dan Ackerman told CBS News.  “You know, we are at the point when even the coolest, most exciting phone that came out hit a plateau in development. You see things like laptops have this continued evolution,” Ackerman said of the focus on updates to what has already been on the market.  One thing that Ackerman said to look out for is the rise of the self-driving car. Autonomous vehicles have certainly been in the headlines lately. Just before Christmas, Uber shifted its self-driving car pilot program from San Francisco to Arizona as communities continue to struggle with how to regulate this radical new approach on the roads.  Ackerman said that, despite these setbacks, 2017 could be the year when self-driving cars become more present. “Expect to see a ton of developments in terms of automatic tech and car tech,” Ackerman added. “As a New Yorker, I don’t think about having a car, but the only kind of car I would have is a self-driving car. For skeptics, it’s very important seeing them on the streets. They’re much faster that anyone could predicted. I think we’re on the cusp of having them be a thing. Of course, Uber had to withdraw them from San Francisco, but you’re going to see a lot of interest in that space very soon.” Another piece of consumer technology Ackerman thinks will really take off this year is the OLED TV. These high-end televisions could be the trend that will be most visible in everyday households. For those not familiar, televisions that use OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diodes) have even better picture quality than standard HDTVs.  “OLED TV is nothing new, but they will be much more mainstream next year,” Ackerman predicted. “When we first saw OLED TV, you know, the technology blew us away at CES maybe four or five years ago. But it was just a handful of very high-end TVs. Hopefully 2017 is the year they will be less expensive and get more mainstream-priced.”  The rise of artificial intelligence From Siri and Cortana to cybersecurity, smart homes and even smart toys, artificial intelligence has increasingly found a place in a wide range of industries and applications. For Sergey Gribrov, a partner at Flint Capital, a venture capital fund that focuses on businesses in VR and augmented realty among other fields, AI will start to move “big data” aggregation in a direction of making people’s day-to-day lives easier.  “You have AI in cybersecurity, for instance, where AI can be used to predict cyberattacks. Look at AI with wearable devices where it is looking at wide amounts of data, culling that information, and synthesizing it quickly. You’re now moving in a direction where AI is using this data aggregation and using it to make predictions,” Gibrov told CBS News.  While Gibrov chatted on the phone, he accidentally activated his Alexa, Amazon’s digital personal assistant that is used through the Amazon Echo speaker device. For Gibrov, it was a funny accident that underscored a point — AI has become pretty ubiquitous already in a way that no longer seems like science fiction. “You know, you have AI telling you what your schedule is, what time you wake up. More and more, you have AI kind of helping you doing things in all aspects of life, at home and at work,” he stressed. “AI will start just analyzing data to predict the future. Look at self-driving cars — you go into your car and turn right, the AI in your car will know, will be able to predict where you would head as part of your routine. Maybe it knows where you are going to go shop. AI will help us guide us as we go on our ways.” Of course, the arrival of ever-smarter machines prompts familiar concerns. As the legendary physicist Stephen Hawking once put it, AI could be either “the best or worst thing ever to happen to humanity.” Will more advanced AI pose a threat to human agency? Gibrov said that is a common fear, but he views AI as the ultimate assistant — not a replacement for human decision-making. “Hopefully, we will not get into a point when AI will replace people — I don’t think that will happen. I think we will get AI to outsource what we don’t want to do. People will have more time to do the things they enjoy doing. That’s what I think we’ll see even more of in 2017,” he said. Social media in the year ahead From the president-elect to teenagers bored in class, social media is pretty much used by everyone. For Victor Pineiro, vice president of social media at Brooklyn-based digital agency Big Spaceship, it is always difficult to predict exactly how people will adopt new trends or use existing platforms in the future.  “My favorite example is one of the saddest of social media trends. Vine died and went away,” he said, referring to the Twitter-owned platform for making and sharing six-second videos. “Vine is a good example of a social platform that everyone thought would be ‘x’ and it actually ended up being ‘y.’ It was supposed to be the video version of Twitter, but most people were actually taking in content made by just like 10 or 20 major influencers. It was a form of entertainment, it was ‘TV’.” For Pineiro, who in 2013 was named one of Business Insider’s 30 most creative people in social media, the past year showed that people are moving toward being what he called “passive content creators” — a trend that looks to continue into 2017.  “Less people are posting, it’s more of a ‘lean back’ experience. Then again, there is still a lot of content being created with Snapchat. I mean, one of the big trends on social is Instagram copying something like Snapchat. My theory of what is happening, what Snapchat was able to do that Instagram wants to emulate, is moving to a platform for content creators who create messy and in-the-moment content that goes away and doesn’t matter. It disappears, it’s more ephemeral — people are looking for those fleeting moments, rather than something set in stone.” Pineiro also highlighted the fact that live video is an interesting development for a company like Facebook that has seen its sheen of “cool” chip away as older consumers become more of its core audience than millennials or the younger “Generation Z.” “For a lot of 2016, the best brands could do was create a live video and find a way to put non-live videos into the live video format to get more views — they were using Facebook’s new tools to their benefit,” he said of brands and users looking for ways to find relevance through a social platform that is something of a dinosaur in tech years compared to the Snapchats of the world. Another social media trend he’s keeping an eye on is the rise of fake news and its impact on real-world events. Moving forward, “Facebook has to be held accountable for the information and misinformation that it is feeding” its audience, Pineiro said. The new tech leaders When looking at the year ahead, Ackerman said it will be interesting to see who emerges dominant in the larger tech space.  “It’s become tougher recently for one company to really be at the lead,” Ackerman said. “Look, it’s hard for a small startup company to capture the attention that bigger companies have, but that being said, there are exciting exciting new spaces out there.”  Sometimes, one gadget on its own could be enough to seize the attention of consumers and win over skeptics — but that kind of success is rare.  Pineiro used the example of Google Glass, which debuted to huge publicity but ultimately failed to capture the consumer’s imagination.  “It became kind of the slow-motion failure of a product that we all saw. Now, you see this completely different approach to something similar with Snapchat Spectacles,” Pineiro said. “It’s marketed as a toy and not a tool, and so far, I’m very curious to see what Snapchat does. What does this mean as Snapchat for a platform moving forward? I foresee Snapchat heading into this heightened territory for AR [augmented reality] where they are downplaying the tech as a ‘toy’ and keeping it in that millennial state of mind. They are taking away the barriers between somebody’s experiences and giving them the ability to share them.” Does this mean social media companies like Snapchat could move from the world of apps to become consumer product leaders? Ackerman said that he has his eye on companies like Amazon and Google also following this trend — tech companies that aren’t traditional gadget-makers moving into the hardware side of things.  “You know you have Amazon and Google moving into this space rapidly,” Ackerman said. “You have very big data-driven companies that have more information at their disposal than hardware companies and they are continuing to move into the hardware space. That’s something to look out for in the new year.” Go to MSN Home More in Money 10 brands that will disappear in 2017 24/7 Wall St. Most and least expensive states to live in Lovemoney 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The Street The best charities to donate to 24/7 Wall St. 19 cities that will rule the world in 2025 Lovemoney The 10 best stocks to buy for 2017 InvestorPlace Up Next What to buy and what to skip in January Cheapism AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News World's tallest bridge opens in China CBS News U.S. releases report detailing hacking allegations against Russia CBS News Obama administration announces sanctions against Russia CBS News CBS News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 51° F Overcast Hi: 50° F Lo: 45° F 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Police remind customers to stay safe when browsing online yard sale sites Updated: 4 mins ago In years past, studies have linked sites, like Craigslist, to different crimes throughout the country. 10 Things to Know for Tuesday Updated: 7 mins ago Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday: 1. TURKEY HUNTS FOR NIGHTCLUB GUNM… Forest fire destroys homes in hills above Chilean port city Updated: 7 mins ago Trump expected to name lawyer Lighthizer as top trade rep Updated: 35 mins ago Dungeness crabbers continue strike from California to Canada Updated: 55 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 8:10 AM Sunset: 5:37 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 50° F Lo: 45° F Where to sell your unwanted stuff online and earn extra cash Associated Press Published: January 1, 2017, 12:00 pm Updated: January 1, 2017, 12:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE- This Dec. 22, 2009, file photo shows a gift card kiosk in New York. If you know you won’t be using a gift card, you can sell them at a number of sites, including CardCash, Cardpool and Giftcard Zen. How much money you get depends on a number of factors, including how likely someone else will want to buy it from the gift card seller. You can also trying selling it on your own through eBay. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) NEW YORK (AP) — If you’re cleaning out your closets for the new year, or need some spare cash after the holidays, your old stuff can help fill up your wallet. A number of websites and apps make it easier to sell used smartphones, furniture and clothes. Here’s where to go to sell your unwanted stuff and earn some extra bucks: GADGETS If you got the latest tablet or smartphone during the holidays, don’t let the old ones go to the forgotten junk drawer. Gazelle and NextWorth will buy your unwanted electronics depending on its condition. Recently, Gazelle was offering $215 for an iPhone 6s in good condition on Verizon’s cellphone network. Other options include Apple, which will pay you in Apple Store gift cards for some products. And retailers Target and Best Buy will take your electronics online or at some of its stores in exchange for gift cards. You can also try selling unwanted electronics on eBay, which may charge listing fees, or Facebook’s recently launched marketplace, which is free, and found within the social media company’s app. CLOTHING For women’s, men’s or children’s clothing, there’s Poshmark. The company charges $2.95 for items sold for under $15 and takes 20 percent for items sold for more than $15. With ThredUP, the website will send you a box to fill with brand-name women’s or children’s clothing that it tries to sell for you if. You can keep 5 percent to as much as 80 percent of the amount an item is sold for, depending on the sell price. At Tradesy, you can list designer bags, shoes and clothing, with Tradesy taking as much as 17.8 percent of the sale price. You can also selling used clothing on eBay, which may charge some listing fees. FURNITURE For couches, mirrors and other household items, try Craigslist or Facebook marketplace. Some good photos in the listing, and measurements of the items, can help them better attract a buyer. But with those options, only accept cash or online payments such as PayPal, since requests to pay by check can be a sign of a scam. If you live in New York, Washington or northern New Jersey, AptDeco lets you list used furniture and can arrange for shipping and delivery, but charges sellers 23 percent of the price an item is sold for. GIFT CARDS If you got a gift card over the holidays you know you won’t use, you can sell them at a number of sites including CardCash, Cardpool and Giftcard Zen. How much money you get depends on a number of factors, including how likely someone else will want to buy it from the gift card seller. Recently, CardCash was offering $87 for a $100 gift card from Target, a 23 percent loss. You can also trying selling it on your own through eBay. TOYS For unopened toys such as Lego sets or American Doll dresses, try the Brian’s Toys website. It will quote you the price it will pay on its site, or download the Brian’s Toys app, which lets you scan the toy’s barcode for a quote. You can also try eBay, Craigslist or Amazon to sell unwanted toys. _____ Contact Joseph Pisani at http://twitter.com/josephpisani . Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Tech Report: 3 great ways to repurpose your old smartphone or tablet What to do with unwanted gift cards Financially helping your adult child “It’s like our Super Bowl.” Retailers prepare for last minute shoppers Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Latest News Amber Alert issued for two children believed to be abducted by father in Johnson County Kersey supports Terre Haute casino, not in favor of proposed handgun bill Boil Order for Seelyville Waterworks Customers VIDEOS: Ringing in the New Year around the world Still Seeking Justice in Sullivan County Cold Case Murder Make a New Year’s resolution and stick with it, here’s how Let the binge-watching begin: Everything leaving, coming to streaming services in January Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsDon't Miss The Tech Awards Show Of The Year Get Your Tickets Today Opinion 2016 and the year ahead 2016’s top programming trends Dear Air Canada: a systems analysis of a comically colossal cascading failure Browse more... Crunch Network It’s The Jons 2016! Posted yesterday by Jon Evans (@rezendi), Columnist 0 SHARES Next Story Consider ethics when designing new technologies Happy New Year! 2016 was … well, we will not soon forget it. Brexit; Trump; the Grim Reaper’s celebrity killing spree; and, on the upside, a lot of magnificent tech achievements and breakthroughs. But The Jons are not about that. The Jons, an annual award named (in an awe-inspiring fit of humility) after myself, go to tech’s more dubious achievers. And hoo boy were there a lot of those this year. And so, with no further ado: the second annual Jon Awards For Dubious Technical Achievement! THE YES THERE IS SUCH A THING AS BAD PUBLICITY AWARD FOR SPONTANEOUS BRAND COMBUSTION To Samsung, whose Galaxy Note 7 phablet was called out by name before every single flight I took for months, for fear that one would explode and kill us all. You’d think you couldn’t even pay for such publicity. Turns out you can, but it’ll cost you nearly $20 billion. THE GRINCH WHO STOLE CHRISTMAS AWARD FOR REALITY DISTORTION FIELD DISRUPTION To that nasty John Carreyrou, who just wouldn’t stop picking on poor victimized Theranos, which, as a direct result, is now basically dead. Doesn’t he know that truth doesn’t matter any more in our post-factual world? They believed their technology worked. Or, I mean, at least they hoped it did. Or would. One day. Shouldn’t that be all that matters? It’s only blood tests, after all. THE MINISTRY OF PEACE AWARD FOR IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH To Julian Assange, for his transition from a self-proclaimed “we open governments” anti-authoritarian crusader to the (figure)head of an organization that literally reposts Russian press releases. O Julian, Julian, wherefore art thou, Julian? THE YOU DON’T KNOW JACK AWARD FOR PREMATURE FORCED OBSOLESCENCE To Apple, of course, for eliminating the headphone jack from the iPhone; killing MagSafe in favor of USB-C on new MacBooks; and then refusing to supply any other ports on those MacBooks, meaning that, remarkably, that if you go to an Apple Store and buy a new iPhone and a new MacBook, you cannot plug the former directly into the latter. THE DIE DAMN YOU WHY WON’T YOU DIE FREDDY JASON TERMINATOR AWARD FOR PIGHEADEDLY CONTINUING TO EXIST To Bitcoin, which has been pronounced dead more times than Michael Myers, and yet somehow still keeps lumbering along, slowly, crudely, and seemingly unstoppably. THE BROGAN BAMBROGAN AWARD FOR BEING BROGAN BAMBROGAN IN THE BROGAN BAMBROGAN SCANDAL This story had all the allegations: a hangman’s noose! A VC tripling the salary of a PR rep after starting to date her! The sacrifice of great technology on the altars of marketing and self-promotion! Counter-allegations of toxic misconduct and abusive behavior! Alas, the lawsuits were settled without trial. But still. Brogan BamBrogan! THE PAY NO ATTENTION TO THE MAN BEHIND THE BLOCKCHAIN! AWARD FOR CONNING THE TECHNICALLY INEPT To Craig Wright, for briefly half-convincing people who should have known better that he is “Satoshi Nakamoti,” Bitcoin’s creator (he isn’t) and provoking this incredibly long, incredibly credulous, incredibly cringeworthy London Review Of Books piece by someone who’s clearly never written a line of code in his life. Don’t read it: read Sarah Jeong’s hilariously barbed Twitter takedown of it. THE BUT REALLY, WHAT IS TRUTH ANYWAYS AWARD FOR RESPONDING TO FAKE NEWS WITH ONTOLOGICAL DEFIANCE To Facebook’s PR team, who, desperate to disavow any responsibility for widespread American belief in so so much ludicrous bullshit, literally asked a journalist that: On the phone with Facebook PR and they literally ask me "what is truth" — Nellie Bowles (@NellieBowles) November 15, 2016 THE YOU SOUNDED LIKE AN IDIOT EVEN BEFORE YOU ADDED THE WORD CYBER AWARD FOR BELIEF IN CYBER BOOGEYMEN UNDER THE CYBER BED To the San Bernardino District Attorney’s office, for claiming that the infamous iPhone 5c used by mass murderer Syed Farook had to be unlocked for fear that it contained a “lying-dormant cyber pathogen” that might attack American infrastructure. They are more likely to find Amelia Earhart on that phone than this. https://t.co/IuwvmdqcpL — Jon Evans (@rezendi) March 4, 2016 THE ONLY NINETY MORE MAGIKARP TO GO BEFORE I CAN EVOLVE A GYARADOS AWARD FOR BRIEFLY DIVORCING WHAT FELT LIKE HALF THE PLANET FROM REALITY IN FAVOR OF VIRTUAL JACKBOOTED EXPLOITATION To Pokémon Go, of course, the release of which prompted many millions to stampede through cities seeking to ambush and brutally imprison helpless, innocent virtual creatures who, after being forced to savagely fight one another in vicious Thunderdome-like arenas, are ultimately transferred to a mysterious “professor” who will doubtless perform unspeakable experiments on them. All of which is clearly laying the cultural groundwork for the autocracies to come. Fight the fascism! (And kindly overlook the fact that I’m midway through level 24 myself, and have evolved at least one Gyarados.) THE IF YOU KEEP WIPING AT LEAST SOME OF THAT EGG MIGHT COME OFF YOUR FACE AWARD FOR PRIDE GOING BEFORE A VERY HUMPTY-DUMPTY-LIKE FALL To the creators and investors in “The DAO,” who put $150 million into a “distributed autonomous organization” built atop Ethereum’s blockchain, amid much fanfare and claims of inviolable, unstoppable software. After the DAO was (as I warned) hacked and its money siphoned out, though, it was remarkable how fast the very same people who until then had trumpeted “irrefutable computer code … not influenced by outside forces … not controlled by its creators” switched to calling for the intervention of creators and outside forces to repair the damage caused by the code. So much for the courage of one’s convictions! THE SECURITY BY NOT LETTING THE LEFT HAND KNOW WHAT THE RIGHT HAND IS DOING AWARD FOR KEEPING YOUR USERS MAXIMALLY UNSAFE To Yahoo!, who didn’t just discover this year that they’d suffered two separate userinfo hacks, one for half a billion users and one for a whole cool B; they also installed a not-unlike-a-rootkit tool to scan incoming emails at the NSA’s behest — which would be bad enough — but best of all, they apparently did this without telling their security team. Wow. Congratulations, of a sort, to the winners of the Jons! All recipients shall receive a bobblehead of myself made up as a Blue Man, as per the image on this post,1 which will doubtless become coveted and increasingly valuable collectibles. And, of course, all winners shall be remembered by posterity forevermore. 1Bobbleheads shall only be distributed if and when available and convenient. The eventual existence of said bobbleheads is not guaranteed or indeed even particularly likely. Not valid on days named after Norse or Roman gods. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Happy New Year from Crunch Report! Watch More Episodes Opinion Popular Posts Featured Stories Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington SpaceX targets January 8 launch as explosion investigation ends 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago | Jon Russell WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From TechCrunch Museums, startups and accelerators… oh, my! 5 hours ago | Brendan Ciecko How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Some tweaks to build employee loyalty 9 hours ago | Daniel Zimmermann CES welcomes 2017 with gadgets galore: It’s The Daily Crunch 9 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next Consider ethics when designing new technologies Posted Dec 31, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) Marketing / SEO Coordinator at Soundsnap (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Lead Software Engineer at WAZER (Rockland County, NY, United States) Product Manager at Tulē at Tulē (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer II at LSI (Jacksonville, FL, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago by Romain Dillet No cobalt, no Tesla? yesterday by Sebastien Gandon Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago by Jon Russell Why the largest insurance companies are pouring into Silicon Valley yesterday by Ali Safavi Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company 21 hours ago by Jon Russell
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska WinX 2017 New Year Gift Pack Onboard for DVD Collectors and Movie Addicts CHENGDU, China–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Digiarty Software is pushing a ten-day “WinX 2017 New Year Gift Pack” promotion, starting from today to the tenth of January, at virtually the lowest storewide price ever. While WinX DVD Ripper Platinum and three other featured media programs are hitting the discount shelve, a new wave of online sales is coming, playing like a Christmas Deal sequel. Every Windows computer owner on the planet is in the invitation list of the whopping 80% off gift “party”: https://www.winxdvd.com/specialoffer/holiday-offer.htm Digiarty’s consumer market is seeing a new boom in the past year (2016), especially in the year-end when most DVD collectors and movie addicts can afford both time and money to be couch potatoes. “We Windows program team hit a record high of daily sales on Boxing Day 2016, stirring up frenzy in the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, Japan and many other countries,” Angie Tong, Manager of Digiarty Software says delightfully. For consumers, holiday means spending money like water, yet partly unconsciously. The discounted gift pack is trying its utmost to help cut down revelers’ expenses during New Year and deliver holiday joy by providing affordable solutions for flexible video and music enjoyment on and off holiday trips, briefly: WinX DVD Ripper Platinum – digitalize holiday movies and newly released DVDs; rip any DVDs to MP4, MPEG2, AVI, WMV, FLV, MOV and other videos for use personally in hard drive, media server, etc.; convert DVDs to video/audio files that can be played on iOS/Android/Windows tablets, mobile phones, PC, Mac, TVs and game consoles. WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe – make any kinds of videos freely editable, usable and sharable; downsize and convert HD/4K/8K video files for playing on the go, for example, on Apple iPhone 7, iPad mini, iPod Touch, Apple TV, Samsung/HTC/Google/Huawei phones, Sony PSP, Xbox and more; download videos or music from over 300 popular online websites; make photo slideshows and edit camera-shot videos for holidays. WinX DVD Copy Pro – make lossless backup for classic movies, cherished DVDs with scratches and new DVDs containing bad sectors and copy protections – the outputs can be DVD disc, ISO image file, MPEG2 video and VIDEO_TS folder; copy DVD chapters, extract audio/video part; mount DVD ISO image and burn ISO image or VIDEO_TS folder to DVD disc. 5KPlayer – play DVDs, videos, music and radios on a computer; stream or mirror media files from iPhone/iPad/iPod to Mac/PC/Apple TV with built-in AirPlay sender/receiver/mirroring and screen recording features; download online videos at free will. Looking back on the past year, Digiarty not only reinforces the entrenched programs, but also rolls out a trendier product line. For example, mobile users have far outnumbered PC holders, so the company released a well-received and easy-to-use iPhone/iPad file manager and iTunes alternative – WinX MediaTrans. With on-track development planning, Digiarty is confident to be a major driving force in the industry in the looming Year 2017. Pricing and Availability “WinX 2017 New Year Gift Pack” wrapped with a full-featured DVD ripper, an HD video converter, a DVD cloner and a media player is at the lowest price ever – $30.95 for 1PC and $39.95 for 3 PCs, up to 80% off discount. Other options are available for every visitor to the promotion page: https://www.winxdvd.com/specialoffer/holiday-offer.htm. About Digiarty Software, Inc. Digiarty Software, Inc. specializes in developing multimedia software based on Windows and Mac OS X, which is trying to shape the future with transformative ideas and technologies for Apple, Android, Microsoft, Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony users. The company is redefining the worlds of multimedia enjoyment with DVD rippers, video converters, mobile file manager, DVD author, DVD copy software, online video downloader, media player, video audio streaming app, etc. To find out more about Digiarty, please visit https://www.winxdvd.com/. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 New Year Blazer! Join DearMob's Campaign to Win Swift Free HD Video Software Next PostNext Queen misses second church service due to heavy cold Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 7:17am EST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Jan 1 Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News China's economy could grow 6.5 pct in 2017; devaluation could stabilise yuan - think tank SHANGHAI, Jan 3 China's economic growth could slow to 6.5 percent this year from about 6.7 percent in 2016, a government-run think tank said on Tuesday, while suggesting a one-off devaluation could help stabilise the yuan currency. CORRECTED-FOREX-Dollar resumes its ascent, Asia keeps wary eye on yuan * Dollar holds around 117.30 yen, trade thinned by Japan holiday UPDATE 3-Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks LIMA, Jan 2 Peru has demanded a "significant sum" of cash from Brazilian builder Odebrecht before starting talks toward a plea deal that would reveal the names of officials it bribed over a period spanning three presidencies, the attorney general's office said Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro CES 2017 iOS 10.2 News Wireless AirPod-style earbuds coming with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Wireless AirPod-style earbuds coming with the Samsung Galaxy S8 By David Nield Mobile phones   Samsung follows Apple's lead Shares Anything Apple can do, Samsung usually has a good go at doing too, and it looks like wireless earbuds could be appearing with this year's Galaxy S8 right after turning up on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The usually reliable SamMobile reports on a tip-off that Samsung is working on new AirPod-style earbuds of its own to launch alongside the phone in a few months, though as yet it's not clear if they'll be bundled with the handset or offered as an optional accessory. The company already makes the Gear Icon X set, but these will be a new line, source say. Also up in the air is a decision on whether the Galaxy S8 will ditch the 3.5mm audio jack or not - apparently some prototypes still include the port while others don't. Sounds legit That's just about all we know about these wireless earbuds right now, and they don't even have a catchy name yet. Samsung recently bought audio company Harman, so we may see some of that acquired technology and expertise appear in the new wireless gadget. The South Korean company has also announced that it's unveiling a host of high-end audio gear at the CES expo next week, including a wireless speaker and a sound bar. It's unlikely that the new headphones are ready to be shown off yet, but it's possible. So we can add wireless earbuds to the list of features we're expecting from the Samsung Galaxy S8 - a list that already includes a 4K screen, 6GB of RAM, an iris scanner and maybe a curved screen. The phone is expected to launch anywhere between February and April. Why the Samsung Galaxy S8 may ditch the flat screen for good Tags Samsung Galaxy iPhone Related news The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 10 games you should get excited for in 2017 Is scoring your sleep worth paying for? Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 7:17am EST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Jan 1 Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Market News China's economy could grow 6.5 pct in 2017; devaluation could stabilise yuan - think tank SHANGHAI, Jan 3 China's economic growth could slow to 6.5 percent this year from about 6.7 percent in 2016, a government-run think tank said on Tuesday, while suggesting a one-off devaluation could help stabilise the yuan currency. CORRECTED-FOREX-Dollar resumes its ascent, Asia keeps wary eye on yuan * Dollar holds around 117.30 yen, trade thinned by Japan holiday UPDATE 3-Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks LIMA, Jan 2 Peru has demanded a "significant sum" of cash from Brazilian builder Odebrecht before starting talks toward a plea deal that would reveal the names of officials it bribed over a period spanning three presidencies, the attorney general's office said Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Sun Jan 1, 2017 | 5:48pm IST Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive ZURICH Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Technology News Samsung Elec CEO says firm should make no product quality compromise SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should make no compromises on the quality of its products, Chief Executive Kwon Oh-hyun said on Monday, asking employees to improve manufacturing processes and safety inspections. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. SpaceX aims for Jan. 8 return to flight with Falcon rocket CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Elon Musk’s SpaceX plans to resume flying rockets next week following an investigation into why one of them burst into flames on a launch pad four months ago, the company said on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Economy Banks aim to boost credit growth with sharp rate cuts Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Swiss watch sector set for smartwatch boom - LVMH executive By Reuters Published: 07:21 EST, 1 January 2017 | Updated: 07:21 EST, 1 January 2017 e-mail ZURICH, Jan 1 (Reuters) - Switzerland's luxury watch sector can profit from a smartwatch boom as more consumers seek high-end versions of the technology, an industry veteran was quoted as saying. Swiss watchmakers, who once dismissed smartwatches as a fashion accessory, are racing to grab a share of a fast-growing market via technology partnerships and stepping up investments. "If it is true that Apple has sold around 20 million Apple Watches and has a market share of around 50 percent, then the potential is enormous," said Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH watch brands including TAG Heuer, Hublot and Zenith. "A luxury market arises as soon as people want to differentiate themselves from the masses. That is the case here as well. With our know-how, Swiss quality and prestige we have the best preconditions to master this segment too," he told Swiss paper SonntagsBlick. TAG Heuer, for instance, partnered with U.S. technology firms Google and Intel for its TAG Heuer Connected watch, whose first units offered at just under 1,400 Swiss francs ($1,375) apiece sold out quickly last year. The Swiss watch industry, which includes Swatch and Richemont, may overall be selling fewer timepieces as exports decline 15 months in a row but it is not facing an existential crisis as in the 1970s, Biver said. He said the industry was instead consolidating as top brands boost market share. ($1 = 1.0178 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:43 / GMT - 03:13 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Sun Jan 01, 2017 1:4 Future Apple AirPods May Use Magnetic Ear Hooks to Keep Them off Ground Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Apple’s new AirPods have been generally well received since their release, but some users have been complaining of one major issue — they tend to fall out and when that happens it would be very easy for them to get lost. The solution? Well, according to new Apple patent uncovered by Patently Apple, it’s a magnetic mechanism that wraps around the user’s ear. The magnets attract each other through the ear tissue, keeping the AirPods in place and ensuring that they don’t get lost. Of course, it’s not certain if Apple filed this patent with AirPods in mind — one of the images clearly shows a wired pair of headphones, and the patent was filed in June. The concept, however, would help keep both wired and wireless earbuds in place. The issue of keeping AirPods in the ear has been arguably the biggest issue related to the AirPods, and for good reason — they’re pretty expensive little devices, so losing them is definitely not something you want to do. It’s possible that Apple decided against using the ear hooks for aesthetic reasons — Apple is known for its excellent design and the ear hooks in the patent don’t exactly look great. Not only that but the design of the charging case would have to change with the ear hooks. Some reports indicate that the patent could be implemented with future versions and given the hullaballoo surrounding keeping AirPods in, we wouldn’t be totally surprised. It’s also possible, however, that Apple patented the design but ultimately ended up nixing it. Apple isn’t totally new to the concept of ear hooks — the Apple-owned Beats uses ear hooks for its Powerbeats line, but those earbuds are a little more sports-focused than the AirPods, which are more aimed at day-to-day use. It will be interesting to see if Apple does end up implementing the concept of ear hooks. One thing, however, is for sure — users will seriously appreciate a way to keep those pricey earbuds in their ear.         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business My 2030 Science In Good Shape Technology Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany De Maiziere outlines plans for federal deportation centers 03.01.2017 World US-Israeli tensions spill into the open in closing days of Obama administration 30.12.2016 Business Hyundai, Kia expect bright new sales year 02.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / World World How the world brought in New Year 2017 DW has followed celebrations across the globe. As the world welcomed in the new year amid heightened security, celebrations were overshadowed by a deadly armed attack on an Istanbul nightclub. All updates in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) 1100 Hawaii was one of the last places to welcome 2017. Meanwhile, Samoa marked the second day of January. 0800 In downtown Los Angeles, some 50,000 joined New Year's celebrations at Grand Park, where dancing ensued in the streets. At least 600 police officers from various law enforcement agencies had been deployed in the area, according to local news. 0500 The famous Times Square ball has dropped, marking the beginning of the New Year for New Yorkers in the "Big Apple." However, the show was not without its controversies. American singer Mariah Carey apologized for a performance mishap, citing technical difficulties. She remained resilient despite criticism from social media users. 0200 Rio de Janeiro has brought in the New Year with a flashy fireworks show over the world-renowned Copacabana beach, accompanied by warm weather typical of their southern hemisphere summer.  0023 Istanbul's governor says 35 people have been killed in the nightclub attack in Istanbul, several news agencies report. He said 40 others were wounded in what he described as a "terror attack" by a lone gunman, as people were celebrating the New Year. Local media reports that between 700 and 800 people were ringing in 2017 at the club when the gunman opened fire. Many party-goers threw themselves into the Bosphorus strait in panic after the attack and efforts were underway to rescue them from the waters, NTV television said. 0019 Fireworks lit up the London skyline as tens of thousands of people watched from the banks of the River Thames to see in 2017 at midnight. Security was tightened following the Berlin attack. 2340 Police in Berlin say the city's New Year events have been largely peaceful, although there were two reports of sexual harassment. Hundreds of thousands of people turned out for the fireworks, which included a concert by the British singer Bonnie Tyler. 2335 France's capital Paris rang in the New Year with tens of thousands of people turning out for the annual fireworks display at the upscale avenue known as Champs-Élysées. Security was tightened across the country following several terrorist atrocities over the past two years. Officials said more than 96,000 police and soldiers have been deployed over the New Year's weekend. 2309 Two people have been killed and several more injured in an armed attack on an Istanbul nightclub, Turkish media reports.  The broadcaster NTV said around 20-30 people have been wounded.  The attack happened during New Year's celebrations at the Reina club in the Ortaköy district, which is one of the city's popular entertainment neighborhoods. Several police and ambulances are reported to be at the scene. CNN Turk reported that the attackers were wearing Santa Claus outfits. The TV channel says one attacker is still inside the nightclub. NTV tweeted a picture of an armored truck outside the club, which is located on the banks of the Bosphorus strait that runs through the city. 2300 Hundreds of thousands of people have seen in the New Year across Europe with fireworks, light shows and concerts. In the German capital, Berlin, police had to close the Festmeile (Festival Mile) close to the Brandenburg Gate due to the influx of revelers. Security has been tightened across Germany following the December 19 Christmas Market attack that left 12 people dead.  New Year's festivities have gone ahead in the western city of Cologne, with a large gathering outside the main railway station and famous Cathedral. The city was the scene of hundreds of sex-crimes against women during last year's celebrations and police have pulled out all the stops to avoid a repeat of the mass disturbances. 2250 Police in Cologne say 300 people have been removed from a train at Cologne-Messe/Deutz station for additional security screening. 2240 Earlier, New Years Eve coincided with celebrations to mark Sudan's 61st year of independence with fireworks outside the presidential palace in Khartoum. 2236 Police in Cologne confirm that they have screened a large number of men of North African origin outside the main railway station, where last year's sex attacks took place. More than a thousand people faced additional security checks, Cologne's police chief Jürgen Mathies said. As part of the deployment of extra 1,500 officers for this year's celebrations, extra female officers are on patrol to provide immediate assistance to women in case of any disturbances. A temporary counseling center has been set up for women to report any crimes. 2200 South Africa, Greece, Egypt and Israel are among the latest countries to ring in 2017. 2157 Contrary to fears that many Berliners may stay at home on New Year's Eve, police in the German capital have appealed to revelers not to try to enter the Festmeile (Festival Mile) leading to the Brandenburg Gate. In a tweet, they said the area is now packed with people and they're not allowing any one else in for now.   2143 DW Reporter Dana Regev reports from Cologne that she has seen police arrest at least three people. 2115 French President Francois Hollande warned against the threat of nationalism during his final New Year's Eve address. A presidential election is slated for the spring but Hollande, whose popularity is at record lows, is not running for re-election.   2049 DW's Dana Regev reports from Cologne that police are taking people aside and checking their documents. 2030 Police in Berlin have arrested a man who shouted "bomb, bomb, bomb" at the city's massive open-air New Year's party. Police are not amused: using the hashtag "#nichtlustig" - meaning "not funny" - Berlin police tweeted that the unidentified man "is now celebrating with us." Tens of thousands of revelers are celebrating the New Year near Berlin's Brandenburg Gate amid tight security. 1830 India and Sri Lanka While New Year's Eve is typically a time for family in much of India, in New Delhi and other cities lavish parties at upscale hotels and restaurants are also popular, as they often feature song and dance performances from Bollywood and television stars. 1730 Pope Francis called on the Catholic faithful to help young people find a place in society, noting the paradox of "a culture that idolizes youth" but made no place for them. Myanmar and the Australian territory of the Cocos Islands both entered 2017. The Burmese celebrate their new year during April according to their traditional calendar. 1700 Indonesia Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos all ushered in the new year together. Jakarta called off planned street celebrations over traffic concerns, instead replacing it with several smaller entertainment options, the "Jakarta Globe" newspaper reported. Thailand welcomed the new year on a more somber note after King Bhumibol Adulyadej died in October. New King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun thanked the Thai people for their support in a new year's address, broadcaster Thai PBS reported. 1600 China, Hong Kong, Macau, Mongolia, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, parts of Indonesia, Western Australia, Brunei, and the Russian city of Irkutsk simultaneously watched the clock strike midnight. In China, which operates on a single time zone despite its size, residents of Beijing and Shanghai passed new year in a security lockdown. Authorities advised citizens to avoid crowded areas. Two years ago 30 people died in a New Year's Eve stampede on the Shanghai waterfront. Chinese President Xi Jinping said in a televised address that his government would continue to focus on alleviating poverty at home and resolutely defending China's territorial rights. In the Philippines citizens detonated powerful firecrackers and fireworks in notoriously dangerous celebrations after President Rodrigo Duterte delayed to next year his ban on their use. Last year they caused a massive fire which burnt down 1,000 homes. Hong Kong celebrated with a street party and a massive fireworks display over Victoria Harbour. Police expected 330,000 people to attend, "South China Morning Post," reported. Police said 330,000 people were expected to watch Hong Kong's fireworks In Irkutsk celebrations were dampened following the deaths of 77 people over the past month due to contaminated alcohol sold as bath oil, triggering an emergency declaration. In Singapore there was a large fireworks display over Marina Bay. Hotel Marina Bay Sands posted a photo on Twitter. 1530 Half an hour after its southern neighbor, the isolated Democratic People's Republic of Korea celebrated new year. Fireworks lit up the capital Pyongyang as custodians reportedly rang national treasure the Pyongyang Bell.  State-run television broadcast the display. 1500 Japan, South Korea, East Timor, part of Russia and part of Indonesia all clocked over to 2017. Millions of people visited temples across Japan, including at Meiji Shrine in Tokyo, which expected 3 million visits over the next three days. "Japan Today" reported up to 35 percent of the country's television audience will watch the annual four-hour "Kohaku Uta Gassen" variety show.  Millions of people in Japan make midnight temple visits to welcome the new year In the Korean capital of Seoul, hundreds of thousands of people ushered in the new year with massive protests against disgraced President Park Geun-hye. 1440 US President-elect Donald Trump sent an unusual new year greeting to his Twitter followers.  "Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love," he wrote. 1430 About 5,000 people gathered to welcome the new year in the northern Australian city of Darwin, according to national broadcaster ABC. The central city of Alice Springs was on the same schedule. 1400 The eastern Australian state of Queensland, including a reported 90,000 people in the city of Brisbane welcomed the transition with fireworks. The city's official Twitter account posted a picture of festivities. Papuan capital Port Moresby, further regions of Antarctica and Guam, where surfers had reportedly enjoyed a final great swell of the year, entered 2017 at the same time, a Tweet from a local newspaper showed. 1330 Half an hour later, clocks in the southern Australian city of Adelaide ticked over.  1300 Midnight celebrations in Sydney kicked off with more than one million people lining the shores of Sydney Harbor. The biggest fireworks display in the city's history paid tribute to many artists who had died in 2016, including a shower of purple fireworks as Prince's "Purple Rain" played and fireworks in the shapes of planets in a nod to David Bowie. A Tweet from the City of Sydney showed a snapshot of the display. About 500,000 people in the Australian city of Melbourne, and the people of Vanuatu, Micronesia, the Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, parts of Antarctica, and parts of Russia all gathered to welcome 2017 as well. 1200 The Republic of Nauru, the tiny island nation home to hundreds of refugees mandatorily detained by Australia immigration authorities, was next in line to celebrate the new year. The island's official Twitter account posted a picture of revelries in the country, which has all but banned foreign journalists. Other areas to celebrate included some eastern parts of Russia, Tuvalu and the Marshall Islands, which has recently suffered widespread internet blackouts. 1100 - Mainland New Zealand welcomed the new year with a midnight fireworks and laser display in Auckland. It launched a reported 500 kilograms (1,100 pounds) of fireworks over five minutes from the city's iconic  328-meter Sky Tower in front of an estimated crowd of 30,000. 1000 - The people of Samoa, Kiribati and Tonga were the first in the world to celebrate the New Year. A total 400,000 residents of the Pacific islands, brought in 2017 with feasts and cheers. Parts of Samoa including its capital Apia were flooded by continuing heavy rains, forcing celebrations under cover. Almost straddling the international date line, the small country legally switched over their time zone in 2012 to avoid being 23 hours behind major trade partner New Zealand.  Following the three Pacific Islands the 600 residents of New Zealand's remote archipelago of Chatham, about 680 kilometers (422 miles) southeast of the main islands will pop the Champagne corks. Half an hour later, mainland New Zealand and the population of Fiji will begin the countdown. More than one million people are expected to gather for Sydney's fireworks display  "This year, sadly, we saw the loss of many music and entertainment legends around the world," fireworks co-producer Catherine Flanagan said. "So celebrating their music as part of Sydney New Year's Eve fireworks displays is an opportunity to reflect on the year that has been and what the future may hold." In Germany, people were preparing to welcome in the new year beginning with the ceremonial broadcasting of cult British TV classic Dinner for One. Authorities in Germany placed bans on the right-wing extremist National Party of Germany (NPD) and the populist, anti-migrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) from holding rallies in Cologne, the site of mass sexual attacks by immigrants on the evening of December 31st last year, citing safety concerns. The city beefed up security  this year. In Madrid thousands of locals and tourists celebrated one day early on Friday night thanks to a city clock that tests its bell early.  In the square of Puerto del Sol revelers met each 12 strikes of the bell tower with cheers and revelry at midnight, eating a grape with each chime to bring good luck. This New Year's Eve December 31st will be one second longer than usual as keepers of the time add a leap second to compensate for the Earth's slightly slower rotation. Watch video 04:47 Share Europe NYE traditions Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://dw.com/p/1ECAp New Year's Eve traditions in Europe aw. blk, mm /rc, se (EFE, dpa, AP) DW recommends Have a second? You do on New Year's Eve The Earth does what it wants: Its real rotation just doesn't take into account what our calendar says. Indeed, the planet is revolving more and more slowly. That's why we have to give in to reality, and add one second. (30.12.2016)   Cologne police prohibit far-right demonstrations on New Year's Eve Police and a court in Cologne have denied requests from two far-right German parties to hold rallies on New Year's Eve. Officials cited security concerns in barring the rallies by the NPD and AfD. (30.12.2016)   Cologne readies for New Year's Eve after sexual assaults, terror attack Cologne police have increased security measures for New Year's celebrations after last year's sexual assaults. Authorities have also taken additional precautions in the wake of last week's terror attack in Berlin. (28.12.2016)   Australia reaches deal to send refugees languishing on islands to US Australia has reached a resettlement deal with the United States for refugees held in two Pacific island detention centers. Canberra has come under international and domestic pressure over the camps. (13.11.2016)   Countries with the least number of tourists (in one year) 1. Nauru (160) | 2. Somalia (400) | 3. Tuvalu (1,200) | 4. Marshall Islands (4,600) | 5. South Sudan (5,500) | Quelle: businessinsider.com (14.07.2015)   Siberian city in shock after Russian bath lotion deaths Aftershave, anti-freeze, window cleaner and now bath lotion - just some of the things people in Russia turn to when vodka is too expensive. But when the bath lotion people drink is bootlegged, the consequences are dire. (25.12.2016)   Audios and videos on the topic Berlin: Stiff security for New Year's Eve   New Year's Eve traditions in Europe   Date 31.12.2016 Keywords New Year's Eve, 2017, international dateline, celebrations, fireworks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2V5Ca Related content In Cologne, New Year's Eve was celebrated with mixed emotions 01.01.2017 A year after the attack that shocked Cologne, more than 300 policemen were deployed to the central station area alone. Fences were erected around its famous cathedral and concrete barriers were placed in advance. New Year's Eve around the world: Fireworks and concrete barricades 31.12.2016 Tightened security played a palpable role in celebrations as the world welcomed the New Year. Terror attacks and a string of sexual assaults during last year's festivities have particularly left their mark on Europe. Cologne police defend New Year's Eve security tactics 01.01.2017 In a bid to prevent a repeat of last year's sex attacks, state police focused on men of North African descent on New Year's Eve. Police Chief Jürgen Mathies has faced criticism for praising the success of the practice. Date 31.12.2016 Keywords New Year's Eve, 2017, international dateline, celebrations, fireworks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2V5Ca News Merkel declines Davos invite for second year German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be steering clear of the World Economic Forum at Davos later this month. The summit coincides with Donald Trump's presidential inauguration, which is expected to dominate discussion.   De Maiziere outlines plans for federal deportation centers German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has said the federal government should be allowed to deport asylum seekers who pose a security risk. Detention centers are part of plans to expand Berlin's security powers.   Michael van Gerwen wins second World Darts Championship Top player Michael van Gerwen easily took home his second World Darts Championship on Monday, defeating reigning champion Gary Anderson. It was van Gerwen's first title in three years.   Cuba marks revolution with military parade, tribute to Fidel Castro Cuba has paid tribute to its late leader, Fidel Castro, with a military parade. The event, which takes place every five years, marked the 58th anniversary of the revolution that brought him to power.   Rebel groups in Syria suspend talks about peace negotiations Syrian rebel groups have announced they are suspending talks about planned peace negotiations this month in the Kazakh capital, Astana. The rebels have blamed "violations" of the four-day old ceasefire deal.   TOP STORIES - Web-videos German police deny accusation of racial profiling Cologne's police chief, Jürgen Mathies, dismissed claims of racial profiling after officers focused on North Africans during checks on New Year's Eve. He also said the term "Nafri" had been in use internally by police since 2013.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Entertainment Movies Ubisoft Assassin's Creed review: Michael Fassbender-starring video game movie is another rotten apple Can Assassin's Creed finally dilute the poisoned well of sludge that is the video game-to-movie adaptation genre? By Oliver Cragg January 1, 2017 08:00 GMT Close Assassin's Creed film UK launch trailer 20th Century Fox Michael Fassbender pulls double-duty as modern day convicted murderer-turned-kidnapee Callum Lynch and Spanish assassin Aguilar de Nerha in 15th century Spain, with Lynch living out the memories of his murder-maestro ancestor under duress from shady mega-corp Absetergo - the public face of the power-hungry order of Templars, who are waging an eternal war with the order of assassins over the MacGuffin-tastic Apple of Eden. Can Assassin's Creed finally dilute the poisoned well of sludge that is the video game-to-movie adaptation genre? Nope. When the first trailer for Assassin's Creed arrived in May 2016, fans of the top-selling video game series quickly tore it apart on message boards and social media – but not for the kind of reasons you might expect. Any potential backlash against a perceived lack of authenticity to the source material failed to materialise. Even the film's re-vamped take on the Animus – now a mechanical creation that resembles an arcade claw crane that spent the weekend in 'The Matrix' – drew little ire from the Creed's faithful fan-base. Instead, it was music producer-turned-rapper-turned-living embodiment of the human ego, Kanye West, that drew the most flak, as the outspoken musician's "I Am A God" played over the meticulously spliced footage. The scuzzy bass notes and West's boastful rhetoric was too ostentatious, too ill-fitting, cried many, leading to re-cut trailers with other, "better" music. The track is notable by its omission in the final film, but in hindsight, after watching the portentous train wreck that is director Justin Kurzel's game-to-movie adaption, the track's self-aggrandising style (but certainly not its quality) aptly represents the bull-headed, self-important tosh depicted on screen. French video game publisher Ubisoft's second license to tread the murky film-of-the-game waters (after the far superior, but still naff Prince of Persia: Sands of Time) suffers throughout from woeful acting, a repulsive, stodgy colour palette, and a screenplay that would be laughable if it understood what normal human emotions are. As an example, here are two choice dialogue exchanges from Assassin's Creed, presented without comment: "Why the aggression?" "I'm an aggressive person." "What now?" "We fight." Assassin's Creed opens with a sequence that sets the stage for the film's humdrum plot and inexorable tone in stunning fashion, as the lead character, Lynch (Fassbender), is executed by lethal injection. Minutes away from this scene, a flashback shows a younger Lynch walking in on his mother's blood-spattered corpse – murdered by her spouse for reasons unknown. Lynch battles with the concept of free will – a feeling you might share when considering walking out of the theatre20th Century Fox Both of these events are not exactly what they seem at first – Lynch is merely being sedated by Abstergo, and the deeper relationship between his parents plays a not-so-crucial role in film's inane climax – and the film would like you to think that there is a broader web of conspiracy and intrigue running beneath these cold, clinical moments. Instead, these "edgy" sequences come across as a desperate attempt at framing the film's endless reams of flimsy, psuedo-philosophical/theological pondering on free will, ancestral bloodlines and faith as having some kind of grave importance to Lynch's narrative destiny, rather than being what it actually is: nonsensical waffle that even literary hack Dan Brown would scoff at. As a whole, the po-faced, unfettered, unwarranted sincerity – both visual and verbal – sits at odds with premise's inherent ridiculousness – we are told in a grand revelation that the film's uber-MacGuffin, the Apple of Eden, contains the genetic code for free will – but it also has no place in a film that features what are ostensibly superheroes, dressed in (relatively well designed) hooded, dagger-clad garb who fearlessly and acrobatically leap off towering structures Tom Daley-style, but without a pool to soften the landing. Somehow though, the cast fall hook line and sinker for the relentless gloom. Fassbender grimaces and gurns his way through every scene as both the insanely gullible Lynch, and the mostly wordless, part-time protagonist, Aguilar. Marion Cotillard's emotionless, monotone delivery resembles what an audition for Hal 9000 in a 2001: A Space Odyssey remake might sound like, and Jeremy Irons hams it up in typical villainous Jeremy Irons fashion, but without any interesting to actually say. 1 of 2 Cotillard and Fassbender's scenes frequently descend into a mixture of vapid dialogue and vacant expressions20th Century Fox Cotillard and Fassbender's scenes frequently descend into a mixture of vapid dialogue and vacant expressions20th Century Fox Fassbender's Spanish accent is... quite something.20th Century Fox Aside from a scant number of interjections from the ever-excellent Michael K. Williams, dreary humourlessness quickly becomes the status quo. Not every mainstream action film needs to adopt Marvel's glib twang, but an unwaveringly solemn tone isn't a solid foundation for a thrilling romp. The film's most offensively boring scenes take place in the modern day, with the rooftop chases and fly-by shots found in the actual assassin-y bits establishing a vaguely convincing vision of what the Spanish Inquisition would look like if it took a detour in Middle-Earth. The appearance of trick blades, smoke bombs and other series staples combine well enough with the impressive parkour stunts – the latter assisted by a fluid camera that neatly emphasises verticality, cutting constantly between shots beneath and above the fleeing heroes. Series fans may find some solace and enjoyment in these free-running, blade-swinging scuffles, with promising actress Ariane Labed's fleeting, but engaging role as the apple of Aguilar's eye and fellow assassin Maria a particular highlight. Unfortunately, the past-present divide never fully resolves itself, with the constant cuts to Lynch undulating wildly while strapped into the Animus a jarring reminder that what we are witnessing in 15th century Spain is ultimately pointless window dressing for the dismal stodge set in the modern day. Our verdict Assassin's Creed Assassin's Creed ends with a sequel tease, implying with all the subtlety of a dagger to the face that the assassins and templars will be locked in cinematic duels for years to come. After suffering through a 110 minute smorgasbord of dispassionate performances, faux-intellectual posturing and clunky storytelling, this felt like a threat. Another video game-to-film adaptation rotten apple (of Eden). More from IBTimes UK Rogue One review: Gareth Edwards' polished spin-off could turn anyone into a proud Star Wars geek Silence review: Career-best performances and technical brilliance shine in hard-hitting drama Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them review: JK Rowling goes for giggles in latest magic movie Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close The biggest WWE superstars in the ring Columnists Laura Davis “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017? READ MORE Enormous fire on board the Titanic may have been a major cause for its sinking, says researcher Rare photos suggest that the ship's hull may have been weakened by... Mariah Carey's team cries 'sabotage' after epic disaster during New Year's Eve performance The singer reportedly complained time and again that her ear piece... Carrie Fisher tribute planned in Marvel's Star Wars: Poe Dameron comic series Writer Charles Soule says he is rewriting a scene to pay tribute to... Drake filmed 'dirty dancing' with Jennifer Lopez New footage fuels rumours that Drake and Jennifer Lopez are in a... Azealia Banks launches tirade at 'ugly pompous bi***' Sia over witchcraft comments Sia reacted after Banks claimed she slaughtered animals as part of... Biggest celebrity stories of 2016: Brangelina split, Donald Trump election win and Prince Harry and Mehgan Markle A rundown of the stories that dominated the headlines over the past... Ken Dodd on knighthood: 'Can you still go down the chip shop when you're a sir?' Diddy Men icon said he was 'highly tickled' to receive the... Anthony Hopkins turns 79: Top quotes from the Silence Of The Lambs and Westworld star The Oscar-winning Welsh actor celebrates his birthday on 31 December. 2016 just got weirder: Azealia Banks claims she is a witch after sacrificing chickens for 3 years Singer posted bizarre Instagram story which shocked her 443,000... Meet Bertold Zahoran, the 21-year-old model boyfriend of Rupert Murdoch's ex-wife Wendi Deng Hungarian model lives in New York and has been pictured holidaying... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Where to sell your unwanted stuff online and earn extra cash SUNDAY, JAN. 1, 2017 By Joseph Pisani Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS NEW YORK – If you’re cleaning out your closets for the new year, or need some spare cash after the holidays, your old stuff can help fill up your wallet. A number of websites and apps make it easier to sell used smartphones, furniture and clothes. Here’s where to go to sell your unwanted stuff and earn some extra bucks: Gadgets If you got the latest tablet or smartphone during the holidays, don’t let the old ones go to the forgotten junk drawer. Gazelle and NextWorth will buy your unwanted electronics depending on their condition. Recently, Gazelle was offering $215 for an iPhone 6s in good condition on Verizon’s cellphone network. Other options include Apple, which will pay you in Apple Store gift cards for some products. And retailers Target and Best Buy will take your electronics online or at some of its stores in exchange for gift cards. You can also try selling unwanted electronics on eBay, which may charge listing fees, or Facebook’s recently launched marketplace, which is free, and found within the social media company’s app. Clothing For women’s, men’s or children’s clothing, there’s Poshmark. The company charges $2.95 for items sold for under $15 and takes 20 percent for items sold for more than $15. With ThredUP, the website will send you a box to fill with brand-name women’s or children’s clothing that it tries to sell for you. You can keep 5 percent to as much as 80 percent of the amount an item is sold for, depending on the sell price. At Tradesy, you can list designer bags, shoes and clothing, with Tradesy taking as much as 17.8 percent of the sale price. You can also sell used clothing on eBay, which may charge some listing fees. Furniture For couches, mirrors and other household items, try Craigslist or Facebook marketplace. Some good photos in the listing, and measurements of the items, can help them better attract a buyer. But with those options, only accept cash or online payments such as PayPal, since requests to pay by check can be a sign of a scam. If you live in New York, Washington or northern New Jersey, AptDeco lets you list used furniture and can arrange for shipping and delivery, but charges sellers 23 percent of the price an item is sold for. Gift cards If you got a gift card over the holidays you know you won’t use, you can sell them at a number of sites including CardCash, Cardpool and Giftcard Zen. How much money you get depends on a number of factors, including how likely someone else will want to buy it from the gift card seller. Recently, CardCash was offering $87 for a $100 gift card from Target, a 23 percent loss. You can also trying selling it on your own through eBay. Toys For unopened toys such as Lego sets or American Doll dresses, try the Brian’s Toys website. It will quote you the price it will pay on its site, or download the Brian’s Toys app, which lets you scan the toy’s barcode for a quote. You can also try eBay, Craigslist or Amazon to sell unwanted toys. Published: Jan. 1, 2017, midnight  Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,238.83 -10.43 (-0.46%) Dow 30 19,762.60 -57.18 (-0.29%) The Pogie Awards: The best ideas in technology of 2016 David Pogue Yahoo FinanceDecember 29, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! Please find your seats and silence your phones… it’s time now for the 12th annual Pogie Awards! This time of year, the web teems with “best products of the year” articles. But the Pogie awards are different. These are awards for the best feature ideas within products—even if the products themselves aren’t so hot. The point is to celebrate the inspiration that struck some designer or engineer—and to hail that idea’s successful journey out of committee, past the lawyers, and into the hands of the public. So what were the best ideas in tech of 2016? The envelopes, please! The Bright Idea Award The Smart Charge light bulb is an LED bulb, and that’s a great start. In other words, it lasts practically forever, and uses very little power. It’s the size of a normal bulb, so you can screw it into any lamp or fixture. Its big idea? In case of a power failure, this bulb stays on. It’s got its own battery backup. When the power’s out, this bulb behaves exactly as it always has, for a total of four more hours of light. (The battery recharges whenever the power isn’t out.) You’ve performed your last frantic hunt for a working flashlight. View photos The Smart Charge light bulb stays on even in a power failure.More But here’s where your mind will fall apart: You can still turn this bulb on and off from the wall switch, even when the power is out. How the—?? (It has something to do with checking the impedance of your house’s wiring. All I know is that the bulb doesn’t come on unless there’s at least one non-smart appliance on the same circuit, like a normal lightbulb.) The Sharp Focus Award Next up: The Sharp Focus Award. This year, the award goes to a strange, lovely little feature of the iPhone 7 Plus: Portrait Mode. The 7 Plus has two camera lenses: one wider angle, one a 2X zoom. Clever software lets you blend the zoom to any degree between them (or, using digital zooming, go all the way up to 10X). But the two-lens setup has a second benefit: It lets the camera tell the foreground subject apart from its background. And with that knowledge, the phone can create a soft blurry-background look, like what you see in professional portraits. View photos Blurry background brought to you by iPhone 7 Plus.More Now, the blur in this case is not optically created, the way an SLR makes it. It’s created with software—a glorified Photoshop filter. And Apple’s (AAPL) not the first company to try it. Some Samsung phones, years ago, offered a similar feature. But without dual lenses, those phones didn’t have great luck distinguishing the subject from its background, and you often wound up with hideous “leaking” of the blurriness effect. Apple’s effect on the other hand, generally looks fantastic, even when the outline of the subject is complex (like frizzy hair). As long as the distance is right and the light is good, the results are fantastic. One for the Kids Award We move on now to the One for the Kids Award. Booster seats for kids are kind of big and frustrating—basically, they’re not portable. Every time your kid gets in a taxi or a rental car or another family’s car, guess what? No booster seat. But the MiFold booster seat is so small, you can carry it anywhere. Instead of lifting the kid up, it pulls the seatbelt down, achieving the same safety effect without the bulk. View photos The MiFold folding booster seat in its opened-up position.More Read More Great, great idea. Find My Ride Award The winner of our Find My Ride award this year is the Uber Beacon, a wireless light that Uber drivers will soon be putting on their dashboards. Because it can glow any color, your app tells you what color to look for when you order your ride—so when the car pulls up, you’ll know it’s here for you. No more guessing games after dark. No more getting into the wrong Uber by accident. View photos You’ll never get into the wrong Uber again.More A simple, great idea. Straight Orientation Award And now we come to what the committee calls the Straight Orientation Award! And it goes this year to one particular feature on one particular drone. It’s called Smart Mode, and it’s on the Yuneec Typhoon H. This might take some explanation. In most drones of this type, the right joystick controls the flying direction. But that can be tricky if the drone has gotten turned around in flight. Suddenly, pushing the joystick forward doesn’t fly the drone forward; it may zoom in some totally unexpected direction, depending on where the nose is pointing. View photos The Yuneec Typhoon H eliminates confusion if your drone has gotten turned around in the sky.More But in Smart Mode, the drone always flies the way you’re pushing the stick, no matter which way the drone is facing. It’s brilliant, it’s optional, and it’s ingenious. Music to my Feet Award I’m particularly pleased that we can offer the world’s musicians a little something this year, in the form of the Music to my Feet Award. These days, many musicians don’t use sheet music on music stands; instead, they use iPads or phones or laptops to display the score. But then how do you turn the page in the middle of playing, when your hands are on your instrument? The iRig Blue Turn solves that problem neatly. It’s an inexpensive, compact, wireless foot pedal that lets you turn the page with a toe-press. View photos Turn your music pages by foot.More Total Recall Award These days, the internet places thousands of claims on our attention! In the course of a week, we read stuff in our email, in texts, in chats, in tweets, and on hundreds of web pages. Which is why the phrase for the new millennium is: “Oh, where did I read that?” Wonder no more! Atlas Recall is a photographic memory for your computer. It remembers every document, every web page, every email that’s crossed your screen—so you can search for it and pull it up later. View photos Atlas Recall tries to remember everything that’s ever crossed your screen.More It’s got its bugs and limitations, as I wrote in my full review. But remember: These awards go to the best ideas, not the best products—and this idea is sensational. The Pogie Ultimo 2016 And finally, we come to our biggest award of the evening: The Pogie Ultimo! The one idea that has the most potential to improve the lives of the downtrodden technology-using masses with a single, ingenious stroke. And that award goes to mesh WiFi! From the dawn of wireless, we’ve expected one WiFi router to broadcast WiFi signal to every corner of our homes. It’s an impossible task. Walls and corners and ceilings kill that idea. The result: DEAD SPOTS. But the new thing in routers this year is mesh networks. Instead of one WiFi transmitter, it’s a set of them, which you’re supposed to space evenly through your house. The result is a single “mesh network,” a roaming network, that blankets the entire house in good, strong, signal. (Their marketing pitch goes like this: Expecting a single router to fill an entire home with WiFi is like expecting one speaker to fill every room with music.) View photos Mesh WiFi networks: the end of dead spots.More Mesh WiFi smashes the dead-zone problem like a sledge hammer on an ant. It’s gorgeous, joyous, and drop-dead simple to set up. The first one out the gate was Eero, but now there are similar sets from Google (GOOG, GOOGL) Netgear (NTGR), Luma, Amplifi, and others. Happy New Year And there you have it, folks—the 2016 Pogie Awards. Let these bursts of inspiration show you that even products that are turkeys… sometimes harbor a little bit of gravy. Good night, everyone—and happy New Year!   David Pogue, tech columnist for Yahoo Finance, welcomes non-toxic comments in the Comments below. On the Web, he’s davidpogue.com. On Twitter, he’s @pogue. On email, he’s poguester@yahoo.com. You can read all his articles here (http://finance.yahoo.com/news/david-pogue/), or you can sign up to get his columns by email (http://j.mp/P4Qgnh). Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Warren Buffett predicted the fall of Eddie Lampert and Sears over 10 years ago Business Insider Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' Associated Press Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Have a custom-made playhouse for your backyard Yahoo Finance Video Samsung's new washing machine will save you time and aggravation Yahoo Finance Dishwasher of famed Carnegie Deli makes bid to become the owner CNBC Is Donald Trump Going to Take Away Your Gun? Motley Fool Obamacare Repeal Will Test the Definition of ‘Insurance’ The Fiscal Times U.S. Intelligence Got the Wrong Cyber Bear Bloomberg A Tesla that kids can drive Yahoo Finance Video GoPro got smoked in 2016 — here's how it can turn around in 2017 Yahoo Finance Here's how much surgeons, lawyers, and 18 other top-earning professionals make per hour Business Insider Natural Gas Storage Dives Under 5-Yr Average on Big Draw Zacks These 5 industries are hiring more remote job seekers in 2017 CNBC 2017 is looking better already: Ben Affleck might not make a standalone Batman movie BGR News ‘Morning Joe’ Scarborough Wants to be Clear: He Did Not ‘Party’ With Donald Trump PatriciaG: Joe Scarborough is NOT a reporter. He is an opportunist and a blowhard. He never reports news, he talks over his guests, has 100% control at all time, and will yell as loud as possible when someone dares disagrees with him. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 231 Play pinball next time you're in New York City Yahoo Finance Video What 15 strategists forecast for the S&P 500 in 2017 Yahoo Finance Stocks start 2017 with gains, but many markets stay shut Associated Press Joe Scarborough launches into furious, days-long tweetstorm after reporter suggests he 'partied' with Trump Business Insider Amazon’s Craziest New Business Plan Oilprice.com This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone BGR News This is the French press you've been looking for... Yahoo Finance Video The worst tech moments of 2016 Yahoo Finance SpaceX Finally Explained What Caused Its Rocket to Explode Fortune Apple (AAPL) to Slash iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Production? Zacks This CEO gives his employees a 3-day weekend every month and a $2,000 vacation bonus Business Insider LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends Wake up on time or face the consequences Yahoo Finance Video Why the US economy won’t grow 4% annually under Trump Yahoo Finance Map: The largest company in every state Yahoo Finance Why VW's new Atlas SUV will work wonders for its US business Business Insider Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
heraldsun premium_icon Facebook social_fb Twitter social_twitter Google plus social_googleplus Email social_email Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website media_cameraApple CEO Tim Cook is under pressure. Picture: AP/Evan Vucci Smartphone Tim Cook battles dreary sales due to ‘stale’ line-up of gadgets James Covert, New York PostJanuary 1, 2017 5:09pm FOR TIM Cook, the end of 2016 could not have come soon enough. Apple’s chief executive has been battling lacklustre results at the Cupertino, California-based tech giant, with critics blaming ho-hum sales on an increasingly “stale” line-up of gadgets — including the iPhone. The New York Post reports the most recent evidence came Friday, with a report from Japanese news agency Nikkei that Apple will slash production of the iPhone 7 by about 10 per cent because it “has sold more sluggishly than expected.” The downbeat news echoed this spring, when Mr Cook was forced to announce a dismal milestone: Quarterly sales of the iPhone — by many measures the most successful consumer product in history — dropped for the first time ever. “This, too, shall pass,” Mr Cook insisted on a call with Wall Street analysts in April. “The future of Apple is very bright.” Some investors aren’t so sure. Mr Cook had pleaded that the iPhone 6S — whose sales dropped 15 per cent and 16 per cent in the spring and summer quarters, respectively — was more or less a placeholder product ahead of the iPhone 7. But when the iPhone 7 got unveiled in September, the biggest difference reviewers found between it and the 6 models was that it lacked a headphone jack — a switch that many actually found annoying. media_cameraThe new iPhones did not impress everybody. Picture: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/AFP The news was the latest disappointment for Apple shareholders, who have weathered a bumpy ride this year. The stock rose 10.8 per cent this year, but that’s short of the Dow Jones industrial average, which added more than 15 per cent. It’s not just stale product updates that are now plaguing Apple. Lately, execution under Mr Cook looks slipshod. The iPhone 7’s painful pivot for customers came as Apple announced the AirPods, a wireless set of headphones to accompany the jackless iPhone 7. But the $179 AirPods soon got delayed past a promised October shipment date and weren’t available to many customers until after Christmas. The snafu was a particular embarrassment for Mr Cook, who was tapped as Steve Jobs’ successor in 2012 partly for his prowess in running a tight supply chain for products. Touring the New York Stock Exchange earlier this week, Mr Cook claimed the AirPods were “a runaway success” — a typically vague pronouncement with no numbers in it. Separately, this fall Apple received a mixed reception to a long-awaited upgrade the MacBook Pro. The biggest redesign of Apple’s flagship laptop in eight years added a sleek “touch bar” to replace the row of function keys above the keyboard. Reviewers mainly noticed, however, that the new MacBook Pro’s battery life fell short of the previous model’s. Apple sales Looking ahead to 2017, many are pinning hopes to the next iPhone. A rumoured “iPhone 8” is expected to get a significant overhaul, possibly with a bigger screen and a body that’s made entirely of glass. Still, many investors remain troubled about the company’s direction, as new projects including an Apple car have reportedly run into problems. “There’s no question Apple’s best days are behind it,” Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said earlier this year. In addition to its product problems, Mr Sacconaghi continues to cite the challenge of tacking any significant gains onto Apple’s already massive market cap, which is still the world’s biggest at nearly $620 billion. Indeed, the biggest reason to buy Apple shares, according to many bulls, has nothing to do with the company’s products. Rather, it’s the prospect of a massive stock buyback in the event that Apple gets a tax holiday from the Trump administration to bring its mountain of overseas cash back to the US. This article originally appeared on the New York Post and was republished with permission. Apple and CEO Tim Cook, Five Years Later1:43 Apple CEO Tim Cook took over the reins from co-founder Steve Jobs five years ago. Since taking over, how has Apple performed? Photo: Getty Images. August 23rd 2016 4 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ Apple and CEO Tim Cook, Five Years Later Originally published as Why the Apple boss had a terrible 2016 Most viewed ‘Words can’t describe how devastated I am’ premium_icon‘Words can’t describe how devastated I am’ Squatter’s threat: ‘I’m going to hurt you’Squatter’s threat: ‘I’m going to hurt you’ Smith spray: ‘Harden up, you *****’Smith spray: ‘Harden up, you *****’ Dreamworld resembles ghost townDreamworld resembles ghost town Mariah to reveal ‘truth’ behind fiascoMariah to reveal ‘truth’ behind fiasco Hot mugshot guy’s luxurious lifeHot mugshot guy’s luxurious life Beaches again after ‘poo outbreak’Beaches again after ‘poo outbreak’ ‘Kingpin’ raked in a fortune‘Kingpin’ raked in a fortune Beauty pageant queen in drug scandal premium_iconBeauty pageant queen in drug scandal Could you pass the citizenship test?Could you pass the citizenship test? Family mourns dad killed by fireworksFamily mourns dad killed by fireworks Cycling O’Keefe comes to grief premium_iconCycling O’Keefe comes to grief Charges over bar bomb hoax premium_iconCharges over bar bomb hoax You pay $12k for MP to hire VIP jet premium_iconYou pay $12k for MP to hire VIP jet Watch: Berisha’s record in 6-goal thrillerWatch: Berisha’s record in 6-goal thriller Parish aiming for bigger, better in 2017Parish aiming for bigger, better in 2017 Secret beaches you can daytrip toSecret beaches you can daytrip to Dog impaled in illegal fireworks frightDog impaled in illegal fireworks fright How Warner is pushing Smith to greatnessHow Warner is pushing Smith to greatness How many Giants are on your club’s list? premium_iconHow many Giants are on your club’s list? More Smartphone Why the Apple boss had a terrible 2016Why the Apple boss had a terrible 2016 Yes your child can really do thisYes your child can really do this Nokia to release new old-school phonesNokia to release new old-school phones Why this iPhone costs a whopping $6500Why this iPhone costs a whopping $6500 Apple’s New Year’s fitness pushApple’s New Year’s fitness push Apple’s high-end ‘Ferrari’ iPhone 8Apple’s high-end ‘Ferrari’ iPhone 8 Instagram’s Aussie holiday powerInstagram’s Aussie holiday power Brides ban Snapchat from weddings premium_iconBrides ban Snapchat from weddings Top Apple apps you need todayTop Apple apps you need today Dial for a deal on phone dealsDial for a deal on phone deals Prank causes hysteria mid-flightPrank causes hysteria mid-flight We’re set for a merry mobile ChristmasWe’re set for a merry mobile Christmas $579 alternative to expensive iPhone$579 alternative to expensive iPhone Nokia sues Apple in patent fightNokia sues Apple in patent fight AirPods score zero in online reviewAirPods score zero in online review The top 10 gadgets of 2016The top 10 gadgets of 2016 Apple AirPods changed my lifeApple AirPods changed my life Apple’s surprise iPhone 8 decisionApple’s surprise iPhone 8 decision Privacy fears over smart supermarkets premium_iconPrivacy fears over smart supermarkets Biggest tech blunders of 2016Biggest tech blunders of 2016 Ultimate smartphone sound system hackUltimate smartphone sound system hack Super Mario now lives in your pocketSuper Mario now lives in your pocket Is this the smartphone of the year?Is this the smartphone of the year? Twitter launches live streaming videoTwitter launches live streaming video Thief’s outrageous $1.6m purchaseThief’s outrageous $1.6m purchase Featured stories Why the Apple boss had a terrible 2016Why the Apple boss had a terrible 2016 Apple’s New Year’s fitness pushApple’s New Year’s fitness push Nokia to release new old-school phonesNokia to release new old-school phones Yes your child can really do thisYes your child can really do this Instagram’s Aussie holiday powerInstagram’s Aussie holiday power All the features of Apple’s new iPhone 7All the features of Apple’s new iPhone 7 A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can " find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 03, 2017 11:11 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Showbiz Sia splits with husband Erik Lang Sunday January 1, 2017 12:50 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Startups take aim at drones The Edit: SKYACTIV ‘Jinba Ittai’ — being at one with your Mazda The Edit: ‘Sherlock’ opener pulls 8.1 million The Edit: Volvo overtaken in Sweden Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook shows singer Sia an iPhone 7 during an Apple media event in San Francisco September 7, 2016. — Reuters picLOS ANGELES, Jan 1 — Sia has just filed for divorce from husband Erik Lang. TMZ reported that the singer had made the filing in Los Angeles, citing irreconcilable differences. It is not a surprise announcement as the couple had announced their separation in December, but said they were “dedicated to remaining friends”. The couple were engaged in June 2014, marrying two months later and do not have children together.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week 'Rogue One' closes in on 'Batman v Superman,' 'Secret Life of Pets' ahead of China opening 'Sherlock' starts 2017 on top (VIDEO) 'Mean Girls' to become stage play musical in October Ariana Grande to join ‘Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius’ Han Solo spin-off moved to December 2018, report claims Yuna finally shares photos of ‘boyfriend’ Adam Sinclair on social media Celebrities pay tribute to Carrie Fisher (VIDEO) ‘Star Wars' actress Carrie Fisher dies at 60 (VIDEO) Report: 20 million watch Faye Wong’s comeback concert Actress Debbie Reynolds reportedly rushed to hospital day after daughter dies Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: SKYACTIV Technologies — reason for renewed Mazda popularity Reuters Video: Israel's Netanyahu dismisses media reports of gifts investigation Reuters Video: Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Reuters Video: Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds remembered in LA Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Related Articles Shazam reveals most Shazamed tracks of 2016 The Weeknd confirmed to play NOS Alive 2017 UK ‘X Factor’ crowns 2016 winner ‘Romany music queen’ Esma Redzepova dies at 73 Asia markets build on global rally with ECB in focus Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Go Tuesday 3 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro Syria army presses fight near Damascus despite truce 1 day ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Making agriculture work for Nigeria 1 day ago 5  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Over N10m recovered from ghost workers in Plateau SUBEB 4 mins ago  Industry Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Twitter chief for China quits, hails its performance 1 day ago  Social Media Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Ibrahimovic and Mata see off 10-man West Ham 1 day ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Proactive calendar would aid investors' interest in festivals 1 day ago  Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Lawyer sues Buhari, others over non-confirmation of acting CJN 4 mins ago  Law More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Technology   Apple said to seek lower taxes to start manufacturing in India By Bloomberg   |   01 January 2017   |   4:09 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Apple Inc. PHOTO/ Bloomberg.com Apple Inc. wants India to offer tax concessions on iPhones that the company plans to manufacture in the country, a person with knowledge of the matter said. The company wrote to the industry ministry last month seeking lower import and manufacturing duties, the person said, asking not to be identified citing rules on speaking to the media. The concessions should continue even after the government rolls out its goods and services tax which is expected to subsume all existing tariffs, the person said. The Cupertino, California-based manufacturer of iPads and iPhones is keen to kick-start operations in the world’s fastest growing phone market as growth slows in countries such as China. Apple trails rivals selling cheaper handsets in the $2 trillion Indian economy and producing devices in the country could accelerate the roll out of its iconic retail stores to capture burgeoning demand in the world’s second-most populated nation. Apple’s path toward a bigger slice of Indian sales hasn’t been smooth. Its application to open stores was rejected as it fell foul of local rules that typically require at least 30 percent of components to be made locally before a foreign company can sell through their own outlets. Apple makes most of its products in China and doesn’t currently meet that criteria. Apple’s spokesman in India, and Mattu J.P. Singh, a spokeswoman at India’s Commerce and Industry Ministry didn’t immediately respond to e-mails seeking comment. Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants companies to make products in the country as part of his “Make in India” policy, aimed at reaping the benefits that come from manufacturing facilities and jobs. His administration doesn’t want technology companies to sell products and take advantage of its vast consumer base without making their own capital investments. The company wants to start discussions with the tax department on future liability on its India earnings, the person said. It has also sought competitive advantages compared to other economies where they are already manufacturing. While Foxconn Technology Group — Apple’s main manufacturing partner — has expressed plans to assemble phones in the country for brands like China’s Xiaomi Corp., most iPhones are put together in China. The Taiwanese company only began making its first smartphones in India in the middle of 2015. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Apple Inc You may also like The caves that prove Neanderthals were cannibals 3 days ago  Technology US aims to draw line with Russia over hacking 3 days ago 1  Technology World's highest bridge opens in China 3 days ago 1  Technology Latest DCTA trains African professionals on development agenda 4 mins ago  Appointments 2016, a year judiciary was on trial 6 mins ago  Law Court issues bench warrant against six banks, seals hotel premises 8 mins ago  Law Over N10m recovered from ghost workers in Plateau SUBEB 9 mins ago  Industry Lawyer sues Buhari, others over non-confirmation of acting CJN 9 mins ago  Law More   Communication Smile excites customers with 200 minutes to call all networks 4 days ago   Simple ways to upgrade your life in 2017 4 days ago 1   NIPOST to provid e-Commerce, e-Government services next year 4 days ago 2   ISPs decry poor service, high rentals by tower owners 4 days ago   Ndukwe, former NCC boss, others laud Think Breakfast Series 23 Dec   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Register / Login Search South China Morning Post Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Follow us on Facebook Twitter Instagram back to asia Register / Login Toggle Menu Search South China Morning Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Toggle Menu This Week In Asia Politics Geopolitics Business Society Opinion Asia Buzz Personalities Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Plus Share on Sina 5Comments Now Reading Why 2017 will be Asia’s year for artificial intelligence 5Comments Topic Future tech Why 2017 will be Asia’s year for artificial intelligence The defeat of a Go grandmaster at the hands of a Google computer shows AI is here to stay. And Asia can take the lead as we wave goodbye to human fallibility By Tak Lo 1 Jan 2017 Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Plus Share on Sina 5Comments Lee Sedol, one of the greatest modern players of the ancient board game Go, takes on Google’s AlphaGo. He lost the series 4-1 in an event that shows beyond doubt, AI is here to stay. Photo: AFP Facebook. Google. Apple. Baidu. Not a day goes by when we don’t hear of something related to artificial intelligence in the news. But AI (sometimes confused with machine learning, which is simply a technique within AI) wouldn’t be where it is today if it weren’t for one seminal event in 2016: AlphaGo beating Lee Sedol. It’s the tech equivalent of Leicester City winning the Premier League, or the Golden State Warriors winning 73 games in the NBA. It’s the unimaginable happening, right in front of our own eyes. In March last year, an AI program that trained itself to play the ancient game of Go beat the 18-time world champion. The reason it was such a feat for AI, was because Go is about feel, strategic judgment and winning multiple battles across the board – and a computer cannot simply memorise all possible combinations of board pieces, assess the situation, construct and execute a strategy to win, like chess. An artificial intelligence named Jarvis is now helping run Mark Zuckerberg’s household So the programmers of AlphaGo, from Google DeepMind, set up the basic heuristics of the game, allowed AlphaGo to analyse previous games and then split its brain so it could play itself millions of times. Imagine the 1983 film War Games in which a computer was taught to learn by playing tic-tac-toe against itself. This time, however, the game is Go. The results were stunning. AlphaGo beat Lee Sedol convincingly, 4 games to 1. So much for human intuition. And to add insult to injury, the Korea Baduk Association awarded AlphaGo the highest Go grandmaster rank. This event was important because it made clear that AI was here to stay. Of course, AI is also receiving a big push from Facebook and Google as they invest billions of dollars through OpenAI and DeepMind to democratise the technology – not to mention countless acquisitions of AI talent. But the corporate activity merely proves that big-business has plans for AI, whereas AlphaGo beating Lee Sedol signals the possibility that AI could indeed be more capable than humans. A Terminator of American jobs went unnoticed on Trump’s judgment day: artificial intelligence And that is a conceit that an AI investor like me is comfortable with. There are certainly some things that machines are better at than humans. In fact, there are many things that machines should be better at. Self-driving cars is one example. Imagine a world where traffic accidents are a relic of the past and very few lives are lost. Imagine a future where your cancer prognosis is not misdiagnosed by multiple doctors and visitations, but instead you are told in one go what cancer you have, how long you have to live and what stage it is at. Imagine a future where your frustrated customer service hotline calls are replaced by an AI that recognises everything you say and responds in the best way. In many ways, the human variability that makes us all frustrated will be replaced with machine predictability. WATCH: Google unveils prototype of self-driving car Many people are aghast when I mention the predictability versus variability argument. “Human fallibility is great!” they say. “It’s what makes us alive!” Bollocks. Human fallibility and variability are great for art, where it is a necessary requirement to produce even greater art. It’s great for startups, when we are looking for the next big innovation and we don’t know where to look. But it’s absolutely terrible for things like cancer detection, driving, aviation and a whole host of things that don’t need human intervention or decision-making. Alibaba Cloud to use artificial intelligence to smooth Hangzhou traffic flow I am biased, of course, but I’ll make two predictions about AI for 2017 and beyond. One, AI will be the biggest thing since sliced bread. You can consider corporate activity like Facebook, Google, Snapchat, Baidu as a signal of trust. You can also trust the direction of car companies like GM, Mercedes-Benz, Uber, and Tesla towards autonomous cars. And you can trust academics, the White House and other longitudinal thinkers when they say past academic research, computational power and large accessible data sets will together create a perfect storm for AI impacting our lives. All signals show AI will be big. Another prediction: Asia will be big in AI. If you look at the data trends, there is a tonne of AI research done in China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore. In fact there are more cited publications in China than in the United States. The main problem, however, is the cultural barriers to sharing this knowledge between Asia and the rest of the world, many of which stem from language differences. But there is another barrier. In the West there is a tenancy, even incentives, to commercialise research, but the same dynamics are not present in Asia. Nevertheless, the underlying core principle can not be denied – AI’s potential in Asia is rising and Hong Kong would do well to find a way to ride this wave. ■ Tak Lo is the founder of Zeroth, a Hong Kong-based accelerator programme for Asia-focused AI and machine learning startups On Reflection Tak Lo Newsletter Sign-up Asian insights and analysis direct to your inbox. your email address A valid E-mail address is required. The email address is already in use. Please login to subscribe. Your captcha answer is not correct. Error, please try again later. Expand! Sign up By registering to our newsletter you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy thank you! Your submission has been received. Subscribe with another email Related articles Future tech Fuji Xerox eyes cloud, 3D printer expansion initiatives in China Future tech China to lead global market for VR and AR headsets, IDC says Future tech Why world needs robots for continued economic growth, as populations age and women have fewer children Future tech AI penetrates China’s media sector as robot starts writing business reports Post Magazine Facebook Twitter Instagram South China Morning Post Politics Geopolitics Business Society Opinion Asia Buzz Personalities Newsletter Signup Asian insights and analysis direct to your inbox. A valid E-mail address is required. Error, please try again later. Expand! Sign up By registering to our newsletter you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy The email address is already in use. Please login to subscribe. Your captcha answer is not correct. Error. THANK YOU! Your submission has been received. Latest Issue Dec 18 - Dec 25 Make America Grate Again   China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia Asia Australasia Diplomacy East Asia Southeast Asia South Asia This Week in Asia SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
Go To AutoGyaan TrendPolice EatBurpRepeat About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy & Disclaimer Advertise Jobs Home Reviews Tech Mobile Apps and Software Camera Design Gadget Social Media Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram YouTube Business Apple Samsung Google Home Reviews   Read More Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Apple iPhone 7 Review OnePlus 3 Review HTC 10 Review Popular Now Apple iPhone 7 Review iBerry Auxus Nuclea N1 Review OnePlus 3 Review Micromax Canvas 4 A210 Review – The Best Canvas till date!More Mobile   Read More Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones   Read More Must Read:Galaxy Note 7’s Black Pearl Color now available on Galaxy S7 Edge   Read More CyanogenMod Shuts Down, Devs and Android Lovers Saddened This Christmas   Read More Top Smartphones Under Rs. 10,000 – Shopping List   Read More Moto M Goes on Sale in India Up to Rs. 15,000 Discount on Exchange   Read More Must Read:Nokia Mega Comeback Phone to cost Rs. 9999More Android Wearables   Read More Apple Introduces New Apple Watch Series 2   Read More After SmartPhones Xiaomi Wants You To Buy Their Budget VR Headset   Read More Google Wants to Make its Own Watch Too   Read More Apple updates to WatchOS 3   Read More Apple WWDC 2016 : What to Expect   Read More Moto 360 Sport Launched in IndiaMore Gadget   Read More Best Headphones Under Rs.800   Read More Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones   Read More Must Read:HP Touchpad Yet Lives Gets Android N   Read More Apple AirPods Are Wireless EarPods with 5 Hours of Wireless Audio   Read More Xiaomi Wants to Clean Your House with the Mi Robot Vacuum Cleaner   Read More Samsung Also Launches a New Gear VRMore Camera   Read More GoPro Launches Hero 5 and Karma Drone   Read More The Moto Z Just Got a Thousand Times Sexier with This Hasselblad Attachment   Read More Must Read:Canon 5D Mark IV Shoots 4K Video Comes with Wi-fi   Read More Apple iPhone 7 Could Feature Dual-Lens Camera Setup   Read More Oppo Teases Upcoming Camera Centric R9 Smartphone   Read More Samsung Galaxy S7’s Dual Pixel Technology ExplainedMore Computing   Read More Lenovo Yoga Book Windows Coming to India 13th December CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga Book Windows Coming to India 13th December New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever New Apple Macs, MacBooks and Peripherals Launching Oct 27th Popular Now With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever Exclusive : HP Pavilion DV6 6017tx Core i7 Laptop Pre-Release Hands-On, Unboxing with Video New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 Mi Notebook Air is Xiaomi’s Thinner and Cheaper Answer to the Macbook AirMore Let's Game   Read More Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim New Watch Dogs 2 Walkthrough Shows Awesome Free Open World and Multiplayer Best Gaming Accessories of 2015 Popular Now Top 5 HD Games That Will Push Your Flagship to its Limit Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim XOLO Brings Out its Gaming Phone, The 8x-1200 GTA 5 Preorders Begin with Major Graphical Upgrades for PS4, Xbox One and PCMore Gaming GearNintendoOthersPlaystationXBOX Videos   Read More Moto M Goes on Sale in India Up to Rs. 15,000 Discount on Exchange CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Moto M Goes on Sale in India Up to Rs. 15,000 Discount on Exchange OnePlus 3T Unboxing Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Launched in India : Unboxing and Hands on Top 10 Tech Under Rupees 1000 Popular Now LG G2 Giveaway : iGyaan The Most Mega iGyaan 6 Year Anniversary Giveaway Top 10 Tech Under Rupees 1000 Exclusive Hands on : Micromax A116 Canvas HDMore   Sections Home Reviews Mobile Android Wearables Gadget Camera Computing Let's Game Gaming Gear Nintendo Others Playstation XBOX Videos   Business CompareComparing... 4100 Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones by DevianaDecember 30, 2016 42 Now Reading Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones Browse This Page Article Rating Comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Apple inc. will start manufacturing iPhones in Bangalore (Bengaluru) starting April of 2017 to expedite their promise of Make in India and to ensure their ability to open self owned and maintained stores in India. Apple earlier had planned to open their own flagship stores in several cities including Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, but due to the government compliance of requiring manufacturing in India, the process was delayed. Tim Cook’s recent visit to India was a positive sign on the efforts of the Cupertino based tech giant, to fully initiate and integrate it’s services in the Indian market. The manufacture of iPhones will considerably bring down costs of duties and taxes and will allow Apple to sell at competitive prices and at par with US price which is usually Rs. 10,000-15,000 cheaper. Apple will also bring their full suite of in store experiences, like training and Genius bars, to improve service and warranty standards in India, which have usually had mixed reviews. Apple is selling large volumes of phones in India, and iPhone sales hit 2.5 million from Oct 2015-September 2016 raking in 9,997 Crore in revenue for the tech company here in India.   likethis What's your reaction? Awesome 70% Epic 7% Like 12% I Want This 2% Meh 9% Posted In Apple, Business, Latest, Mobile Tags apple, cheaper iphones, iPhone, Manufacture apple, cheaper iphones, iPhone, Manufacture About The Author Deviana Mobile phone lover, Deviana, is iGyaan's Mobile news correspondent 42 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest Goverdhan Patel 5pts No thnx. We wish to keep our lungs healthy. So thnx cancer. Avinash Parmar 5pts Vaibhav Patil good news for you \U0001f602 Areeb Ali 5pts Usail Malik get one in may\U0001f61d Arup Kumar Nag 5pts Cheap ?? Just stop kidding.... Sensible guys don't buy iPhone. Snehal Lunia 5pts Apple n cheap...that doesn't sounds right Ridoy Hussain 5pts Not GANA happened \U0001f61f Mubeen Zahoor 5pts Amlish Ghaffar hahahahaha Sid Gorule 5pts Keyur Tandel thats wht u need... Glenn Jacob Jackson 5pts Don't expect cheap price Pranil Joshi 5pts Jatin, Aditya, Advait Aditya Behere 5pts I am absolutely impressed by what local sourcing has done and how it can impact and benefit the country Pranil Joshi 5pts Absolutely, India has nothing to lose, everything to gain. Apple may also boost their market share. Win-win... Aditya Behere 5pts I am curious. Have you seen the documentary called before the flood directed by Leonardo DiCaprio Nauman Ahmed 5pts Iphone ka ab pakka behra garak ho ga Nikhil Patil 5pts SHAME ON INDIA and that MONKEY PM of the country MODI Harsh Vinayak 5pts Tum monkey ho sale || bina dekhe mat bolo ||tumse koi pucha nhi sasta hoga ki mehanga Jatin Makhija 5pts Finally i can afford an iphone now\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602ShivaShivam Kalia Asif Jalaludeen 5pts 35000/- now become only 34999/- .. Souvik Das 5pts IPHONE 7 is 60,000 Avadhutha Harsh 5pts Kiran Akshit Meeran Avadhutha Harsh 5pts Akshit correction ek 9 hata de Still people will be like \U0001f631\U0001f631 Akshit Jain 5pts yes..apple phones price will drop by 999/- \U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602 Gavin D'souza 5pts What do you think about it? Atandra Pratik Desai 5pts Ab pacchtave kya hoy, jab chidiya chug gai khet! Eby Prasad 5pts 5 rupee discount :3 Saurav Pradhan 5pts prices will be same for 2-3 yrs,after that things will change not so suddenly Ahmed Zia Rasool 5pts Lag gaye iphone ki waat.... Abi ioh Iphone ka nishan par tika laga ga...hahahahha. Ahsan Wali Atiq Khan Ahmed Zia Rasool 5pts Tawaan hi tawaan . .......... \U0001f636\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f644\U0001f60f\U0001f60f\U0001f60f\U0001f60f\U0001f917\U0001f917\U0001f917\U0001f917 Ahsan Wali 5pts Ek samsung note blast kafi nahi ta jo yey blast bi hogaya Atiq Khan 5pts Banglore ma pakistan ma nahe Jesa be ho blast nahe ho ga hahaha\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602\U0001f602 Ahmed Zia Rasool 5pts Wait till bangalore made it...it came with bomb which will place in iphone jack Ahsan Wali 5pts iPhone ke dushman jitni chahey fake news upload karo Facebook per like iphone si hii hoga dude,,,, Ahmed Zia Rasool 5pts Samsung still number in the ranking of 2016..... Samsung s7 edge rate drops only 12000.. And iphone 7 which comes early months ago drops rates 15000 to 25000..... Iphone ne tum logon ko apan waash me karliya ha......\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a Arka Biswas 5pts you wish, they have to pay huge taxes for manufacturing abroad ! most of the iphones are manufactured in china , they are not cheap in china .lol Manish Kushwaha 5pts They will start assembling from April and manufacturing will start in the begging of December. Soham Rikame 5pts will be still overpriced than US\U0001f612\U0001f612 Mithun Viswambharan 5pts It's not gonna be cheap.... Dats for sure.... Coz though the present ones are manufactured in China (cheapest labour and manufacturing cost) still they don't sell it cheap.....And so being manufactured in India with all new rules and taxes,VAT, this cess and DAT cess and cuts and gods knows what all charges etc etc....I believe they r gonna be more expensive....Rather cheap. Girish Nitin Panchal 5pts China cheap labor is history now .. Ganesh Karekad 5pts But why would they manufacture in India if it'll end up being more expensive? :/ Jenil Soni 5pts Though they are manufactured in China,the import taxes in India makes their products expensive. I think manufacturing in India will help.✌🏼 Wayne Fernandes 5pts "dats" "coz" "they r" why do people type like that. Abhimanyu Gulati 5pts Sachit Malik good news bro You might also like appleApple   Read More Nokia Sues Apple For Several Patent Infringements   Read More Apple updates to WatchOS 3   Read More Apple Wants to Sell its Surplus Clean Energy   Read More Apple Takes Steps to Reduce their Carbon Footprint   Read More Apple, Samsung, Microsoft Amongst others face Child Labour Claims   Read More HTC Trolls Apple With its Latest Commercial Join Us Socially ... Fans Like ▲ 1451 ... Followers Follow ▲ 6 ... Fans Follow ▲ 2307 ... Followers Follow ▲ 23613 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Subscribers Subscribe ▲ 28 ... Followers Follow ▲ 24 ... Posts ▲ 478 ... Comments ... Fans Love us Latest Video iGyaan on Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Tweets by @igyaan Latest Videos   Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Read More   Apple iPhone 7 Review Read More   OnePlus 3 Review Read More   HTC 10 Review Read More Sponsored Recent Comments Anonymous on Top Smartphones Under Rs. 10,000 – Shopping List Anonymous on Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones Anonymous on Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones Anonymous on Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones Anonymous on Apple to Manufacture iPhones in Bangalore from April, Expect Cheaper iPhones iGyaan On Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Navigation About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy Policy DIsclaimer AutoGyaan TrendPolice Eat Burp Repeat Copyright © 2016 iGyaan Network, All Rights Reserved. /* ]]> */ Compare Go
null
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 34° F Overcast Hi: 42° F Lo: 36° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hartford-based foundation helping prevent suicide Updated: 39 mins ago Suicide is a tough topic. Did you know that suicide is the second-leading cause of death among young people age 10-24? An estimated 1,100 co… Blumenthal meets with veterans to help combat military toxic exposure 8:24 pm (WTNH)–Active members of the military and veterans gathered on Monday with Senator Richard Blumenthal. The topic of discussion was long-term… Matthew Peca becomes first Quinnipiac player to score a point in NHL 6:37 pm Trump spokesman: President-elect wants more info on Russia Updated: 23 mins ago Investigation into Oakdale shooting that left two dead continues 5:42 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 27° F Wind: NNE 8 Humidity: 96% Dewpoint: 33° F Sunrise: 7:17 AM Sunset: 4:34 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 42° F Lo: 36° F Woman dies after car submerges into brook in Plainfield By Alex Ceneviva, WTNH.com Staff Published: January 1, 2017, 5:16 pm Updated: January 1, 2017, 6:20 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (File) PLAINFIELD, Conn. (WTNH)– A 48-year-old Moosup woman was killed Sunday, after the car she was in overturned and went into a brook in Plainfield.  Police say at around 11:20 a.m., officers responded to a one car crash on Moosup Pond Road in Mossup Village. A 2015 Mercedes GLA250 was found overturned in the Apple Tree Meadow Brook, off the north shoulder of the roadway. Police say the car was almost completely submerged and two people were trapped inside. Officers and fire crews worked to extricate them by partially overturning the car to gain access through the passenger door. The passenger, later identified as Lisa Caruso, was unresponsive and taken to Plainfield Backus Emergency room. She was later pronounced dead. Her husband, 57-year-old Michael Caruso, was taken to William W. Backus Hospital in Norwich for non-life threatening injuries. The accident remains under investigation. Plainfield police are asking anyone with information about the accident to contact them. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Traffic stop leads to drug charges Man arrested for robbing two Plainfield gas stations PD: Man hits Plainfield police cruiser, charged with DUI Sterling driver hospitalized overnight in one-car crash Advertisement « Previous Story WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Woman killed after car goes into brook in Plainfield Sunday Jan 1, 2017 at 3:46 PM Jan 1, 2017 at 4:31 PM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB PLAINFIELD — A woman was killed when the car she and her husband were in overturned and landed in a brook Sunday morning in Plainfield.  The crash happened at about 11:20 a.m. on Moosup Pond Road near Juniper Lane, according to the Plainfield Police Department. Members of the Plainfield Police Department, Atwood Hose Fire Department and American Legion responded to a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident with entrapment.  A 2015 Mercedes GLA250 was overturned in the Apple Tree Meadow Brook off the north shoulder of the roadway, police said. The vehicle was almost completely submerged and two occupants were trapped inside. Officers along with fire personnel worked to free the occupants by partially overturning the vehicle to gain access through the passenger side door. The passenger, identified as Lisa Caruso, 48, of 12 Snake Meadow Hill Road, Moosup, was unresponsive and taken to Plainfield Backus Emergency Room. She was pronounced dead at 12:11 p.m., police said. The driver, identified as Michael Caruso, 57, was extricated and taken to The William W. Backus Hospital in Norwich with non-life threatening injuries, police said.  The accident remains under investigation by Plainfield police, and the department is asking anyone with information about the crash to contact the department. The Connecticut State Police Collision Analysis and Reconstruction Team also responded to assist in the investigation. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney What New Year's Eve celebrations look like around the world by Selena Larson   @selenalarson December 31, 2016: 10:30 AM ET Ringing in 2017 around the world From livestreaming video to new smartphone features, 2016 brought us more ways to capture and share experiences. And when the ball drops on New Year's Eve, we'll all likely grab our mobile devices to do just that. We're taking a close look this year at how cities around the world are saying goodbye to 2016 and hello to 2017 -- and the photos that capture those moments. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) has partnered with 15 photographers, based in countries such as Australia, Italy and Mexico, to highlight the festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices. Related: Apple AirPods review: Do they actually stay in your ears? For example, travel writer and iPhone photographer Samah El Ali's stunning photos show off the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge fireworks from The Royal Botanic Gardens in Australia. The final photo will come from photojournalist John Lehmann shooting the party scene in Vancouver. Here's a look at what's been captured by Apple's selected photographers so far. Australia @poeticwordvomit / iPhone 7 Japan @sasurau / iPhone 7 Singapore @phonenomenon / iPhone 7 Hong Kong Waison Lee / iPhone 7 China Han Song / iPhone 7 Taiwan @little149 / iPhone 7 India @sephibergerson iPhone 7 United Arab Emirates @aalrais / iPhone 7 Austria @tirolerben / iPhone 7 Italy Iceland Mexico New York Canada CNNMoney (San Francisco) First published December 31, 2016: 10:30 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Repealing Obamacare affects everyone Bitcoin tops $1,000...highest level in 3 years UK starts countdown to new £1 coin Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The 10 best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Industry Last Modified: Mon, Jan 02 2017. 11 20 AM IST Technology in 2017: The next bright idea We have a completely new set of trends to look forward to and a bunch of new gadgets that will redefine user experiences as well as productivity Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Livemint The next Surface evolution will likely run the Intel ‘Kaby Lake’ processor, and improved graphics. As we head into 2017, the technology ecosystem is going to see wholesale changes again. Most of the things that we knew will already be outdated. We have a completely new set of trends to look forward to and a bunch of new gadgets that will redefine user experiences as well as productivity. And while this is happening, the brains behind some of the well-known brands and some new kids on the block will be making their presence felt. GADGETS Apple’s next iPhone There is great expectation that next iPhone (logically, it might be called the iPhone 8) will be a big generational change to mark the iPhone’s 10th anniversary. The home button could be gone, we might even get a curved screen and of course, a new operating system (OS) in tow. Samsung’s new Galaxy The question really is whether it can successfully erase the volatile memories of the Galaxy Note 7. It is expected to run the latest specs, a high resolution curved display and even improved camera. But the question remains—can it stay cool enough to not explode? Windows 10 creators update Sometime in early 2017, Microsoft will enhance Windows 10’s focus on new creativity and gaming experiences. This will include 2D->3D object creation, game broadcasting and 4K gaming. The Forza Horizon 3 game in 4K would be a good enough reason to splurge on a new PC! Microsoft Surface Pro 5 The next Surface evolution will likely run the Intel “Kaby Lake” processor, and improved graphics. It’ll continue to be the benchmark for Windows convertibles and also an alternative to the Apple MacBook, and that ties in with the push towards making it even more enticing for enterprises. Google Pixel laptop It is believed that Google is working on a PC that will run its upcoming hybrid OS, which combines the goodness of Android and Chrome OS. Likely to be called the Pixel 3, it will have a 12.9-inch display, and the flexibility of a laptop and a tablet. TRENDS AND EVENTS Mobile World Congress 2017 In March in Barcelona, we could see the return of Nokia phones; it is confirmed that HMD Global will be making the phones under licence. Huawei usually has a strong line-up of phones to show, and with the P10, it’ll continue down that path. HTC also has a lot at stake. AI will be more relevant Mark Zuckerberg’s Jarvis artificial intelligence (AI) assistant isn’t a hobby project. AI is a part of our lives, more than we have noticed. It is gaining contextual intelligence: Facebook can recognize your friends in photos, Google’s Allo is proactively communicative and Netflix knows which TV series you should watch. Consumer Internet of Things is here to stay After many false dawns, smart home gadgets that you can control with your smartphone may become real now. Tech is becoming more affordable, and there may finally be some agreement on standards that allow interoperability. Google’s Android Things platform also indicates the next horizon of geeky excitement. Cord cutting will take off Netflix is here, and now Amazon Prime Video has joined the party. India is finally coming to terms with a world beyond cable and direct-to-home (DTH) television—always available, on your phones and televisions. In reality, 2017 could finally be the year when India adopts video streaming over conventional television. Push for hybrid car tech With the state of the environment becoming a serious concern, carmakers in India are expected to focus on hybrid technologies—mild hybrid and full hybrids. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd’s smart hybrid vehicle system (SHVS) and Toyota’s full hybrid technology is forcing rivals to consider similar tech for new car launches. Cleaner cars will go mainstream. PEOPLE TO WATCH Elon Elon Musk. Photo: Bloomberg Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, SpaceX; CEO, Tesla Motors Elon Reeve Musk, the South African-born Canadian-American businessman, has promised that every Tesla car will be fully autonomous by the end of 2017. A semi trailer truck and a minibus will also be unveiled. Hyperloop ground speed transport project will get to test their human-scale pods as well. Eido Eido Gal (2nd from left). Eido Gal, co-founder, Riskified Riskified, an Israeli start-up, makes an e-commerce fraud prevention tool that will help companies and merchants in identifying and verifying the authenticity of online transactions. This gains even greater relevance globally, with transactions over the Internet spiking, particularly for shopping. Travis Cordell Kalanick. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint Travis Kalanick, CEO, Uber Travis Cordell Kalanick’s ride sharing titan Uber is on track with driverless cab tests in Pittsburgh and San Francisco, except for the small matter of tweaking an algorithm that’ll stop them from cutting off cyclists. Then there is the potential initial public offering, which could be the biggest one of 2017. Maureen Fan. Photo: Getty Images Maureen Fan, CEO, Baobab Studios The start-up, also called ‘The Pixar of Virtual Reality’, has VR projects lined up for 2017. The Invasion! story is available for Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Playstation VR, Google Daydream and Samsung Gear VR. Asteroids! will be released at The Sundance Film Festival. It has raised another $25 million. Carl Pei. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint Carl Pei, co-founder, OnePlus The Chinese smartphone company has big plans for 2017. First, it is expected to build on the excellent OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T smartphones with an equally excellent successor. No pressure, then! The company will also start production in India to meet local demand for its phones Livemint Topics: TechnologygadgetsAppleMicrosoftSamsung More From Livemint READ MORE Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? First Published: Sun, Jan 01 2017. 10 58 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Opening bell: Asian markets open higher; SBI, Hero Moto, Hathway Cable in news Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Just In 32mins Militant killed in encounter in Kashmir’s Baramulla district Railways see spike in cashless transactions Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Teching a look at 2016 Share On JUST IN 32mins Militant killed in encounter in Kashmir’s Baramulla district Railways see spike in cashless transactions Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained CLOSE Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet 2016 in review Sci-Tech Gadgets Gadgets Teching a look at 2016 Andre Rodrigues January 02, 2017 00:54 IST Updated: January 02, 2017 10:24 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Andre Rodrigues January 02, 2017 00:54 IST Updated: January 02, 2017 10:24 IST more-in Bombay Showcase A glance at what made waves in the technological sphere in the year gone by Last year started off on a promising note with Virtual Reality (VR), modular phones and wearables like smart clothes and smart watches. In between, there were social media storms on the U.S. presidential election, and stampeding droves of Pokémon Go players. Then towards the end of the year, technology took a surprising turn in the direction of Artificial Intelligence. And all the while, Samsung had a literal blast. The year of Artificial Intelligence In the beginning of the year, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg challenged himself to build his own Jarvis, Iron Man’s AI butler. And now he’s done it. Jarvis is voiced by Morgan Freeman and controls Zuckerberg’s house lights and music, entertains his daughter and recognises people’s faces. Soon, Zuckerberg hopes to teach Jarvis some more tricks like making his popcorn.   Google too announced its Assistant, which leverages on all their search algorithms to make life easier for users. At the Pixel launch, Google demoed it. by searching through images finding the perfect image for users. Apple’s Siri also uses AI to become the perfect assistant, connecting itself to several services and managing day-to-day life. With image recognition software getting better, companies are putting it to good use by funnelling it all through their AI systems to make the Internet more natural. Inspired by an episode in the Netflix series Black Mirror, Eugenia Kuyda, founder of the app Luka, created a chatbot so she can talk to her deceased friend. There are chatbots that help you with everything from where to eat and reserving movie tickets to booking cabs. Amazon, Uber and Google all are making strides in AI with controlled robotic drones, which are capable of delivering your products and driving your cabs. VR goes mainstream As promised, Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and PlayStation VR went on sale. The first two were exorbitantly priced. Google also unveiled the Daydream VR headset for its Pixel smartphones. With the hardware in place, the floodgates of content were opened. However, the Adult Industry was the only one creating it. Now a few games are seeing the light of day, including Asetto Corsa, SuperHot, Elite Dangerous and Resident Evil 7: Biohazard. India goes cashless While the U.S. election results were on the offing, India dominated the headlines with demonetisation. The move forced the country to embrace cashless transactions with e-wallets such as PayTM and MobiKwik. While the debate on whether demonetisation was a good or bad idea rages, there is no doubt that it did nudge the country on to the path of going completely cashless. Pokémon Go and Augmented Reality The year saw people go crazy about Pokémon Go and the game finally arriving in India. Thanks to the game, Augmented Reality went mainstream. Cameras made objects and characters appear like they were in close proximity. The game was launched with Google Maps support and it changed mobile gaming as it brought people together and forced them to be active. Things got ugly pretty fast with accidents, mass trespassing and stampedes forcing governments to issue instructions warning against playing the game. Five months in and Pokémon Go started to lose it’s sheen. That was when it launched in India to an already bored and waning audience. Still, there are 23 million active players, which is the most for any mobile game in history. Streaming video wars Streaming giant Netflix launched officially in India in 2016, providing access to great shows such as Marvel’s Daredevil and Luke Cage, and critically acclaimed series like Black Mirror, House of Cards and Narcos. A few days ago, Amazon also launched its Prime Video service in the country. There has also been a barrage of original content on YouTube with shows from international acts like PewDiePie and SuperWoman, and local acts like AIB, Them Boxer Shorts, Kanan Gill. Not to mention fantastic original content from TVF: The Viral Fever. The explosion of streaming content and the fall of Internet’s biggest piracy sites have forced Indian players to step up their game. Now, apps offer to stream shows and videos. Prisma and Face Masks In the social media sphere, one of the biggest phenomenons was Prisma. The app used advanced algorithms to convert images into paintings in various art styles. The infamous face swap, a feature by Snapchat, allowed users to switch faces with anyone and anything. The feature gained popularity following comedian Tanmay Bhat’s notorious video conversation between Lata Mangeshkar and Sachin Tendulkar. Earlier this year, Facebook jumped into the action by acquiring MSQRD, the face-swapping selfie app, and started their own live Video feature with face masks and face swapping. Samsung goes up in flames, Apple loses shine, Microsoft gets creative and Google joins the smartphone wagon After the successful launch of Galaxy S7, the Korean giant unveiled its flagship Galaxy Note 7. After reports of the phones combusting, Samsung initiated one of the biggest product recalls in tech history in two lots before finally pulling it off the market. It cost the company nearly $5 billion in revenue loss and dealt a big blow to its reputation. Samsung has issued an apology and is now doing everything to rise from the ashes. They are reportedly even considering sourcing batteries from rival LG. Meanwhile, Apple saw a surge in sales for the iPhone 7. It took a few bold and questionable moves, including the controversial removal of the beloved 3.5mm jack. This was followed by the launch of a lacklustre update to the MacBook Pro. Rival Microsoft was also hard at work, unveiling its new Surface series, including a large Surface Studio, to combat the ageing iMacs. Lastly, Google jumped into the smartphone space with Google Pixel, which sports a superb Google Assistant. The author is a freelance tech and lifestyle writer Post a Comment More In Mumbai Gadgets technology (general) gadgets (general) Related Articles << Previous Story A step-by-step guide on how to use BHIM app Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Top Picks in The Hindu today 2016: poor 2017: good, on paper Matunga police celebrate “Mummy’s” birthday In Valley, jawans turn to ‘jugaad’ to safeguard their vehicles Shakespeare’s ‘Hamlet’ was dated wrongly? For men in uniform, panoply of duplicates Meet Ritu Phogat, the most expensive Indian woman wrestler at Pro-Wrestling League Tech predictions for 2017 Manipur blockade: Timeline British woman live streams labour on Facebook Now, apply for Haj using app App-solutely Where’s the party tonight It’s time to ring in the New Year and what better way to do so than a great party. It could either be one of those parties with great music and unlimi Ranjani Ranjendra 00M 00M See All Sports In launch mode If you are an Android junkie, chances are one of the things that drew you to the interface is how you can customise it to suit your taste. This is whe Ranjani Ranjendra Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Sister Frances Carr, one of last three Shakers, has died Warren County sheriff: Man, 22, man drove drunk through a stop Reckless driving leads to felony DWI charges for Hoosick Falls Ballston Lake man charged with felony DWI News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Town agrees Latham intersection is hazardous The 20 youngest communities in the Capital Region Trains roll on new subway line in N.Y. Lawmakers return on Wednesday Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ichabod Crane boys' basketball wins Maple Hill title Noteworthy: Sports news in briefs Raiders lose game, QB, division, bye Minnesota ends Purdue 7-game win streak Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Stocks start 2017 with gains Cap Com seeks permit for more parking US issuing new rules to curb illegal fishing, seafood fraud 'Boss' reference draws complaint Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Critic's favorite dishes from 2016 'Celebrity Apprentice' belongs to Arnold Arts briefs 2016 through our lens Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays Sandwiching in deli's last day Sunday movie clock Movie Clock Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Cuomo creates 200-member task force to ensure wage goes up Flanagan happy to continue ‘partnership’ with Klein Cuomo defends commuting Judith Clark’s sentence Comedy Works launching cabaret brunch with Timpanaro-Hogan TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Letter: Parcel sale good for taxes, park Habit of reading born early Editorial: Align PCB cleanup efforts Bruno reveals how Capital Region landed AMD deal Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Real estate resolutions: Get off the fence and paint it! High & Low Norman Lear's 'show' tweaked, resubmitted House of the Week: Post and beam in Greenfield Center Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Best things to buy in January App makers, retailers offer incentives for reaching health goals Siena Saints and Dunkin’ Donuts partner to offer $5 Top five best stores for returns and refunds MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/9-arrested-for-drunk-driving-in-Albany-County-10829637.php 9 arrested for drunk driving in Albany County, hundreds get Safe Rides Published 1:51 pm, Sunday, January 1, 2017 ALBANY - Nine people were arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs in Albany County on New Year's Eve, though hundreds more took advantage of the county's Safe Ride program, Sheriff Craig D. Apple announced Sunday. The Safe Ride program provides cab rides free of charge on New Year's Eve to anyone who has been drinking and is not fit to drive. To get a ride, revelers were told to contact the program's sponsor, the law firm Martin, Harding & Mazzotti. There have been no deaths on the roads due to alcohol since the program was started in 1982. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Clearance Sale + free shipping w/ $50 WalmartPosted 1 day 12 hr ago SHOP NOW Disney Princess Girls' Puffer Coat for $18 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 16 hr 26 min ago SHOP NOW 6 Duck Brand College-Themed Duct Tape Rolls for $12 + free... Deal GeniusPosted 11 hr 27 min ago SHOP NOW Ashford New Year New Deals Sale: Up to 93% off, from $30 +... AshfordPosted 12 hr 17 min ago News Videos Most Popular 1 SEEN: Polar Plunge at Lake George 2 Found sleeping behind wheel, Troy man charged with DWI, State... 3 Cops: Drunken teen made getaway in police car 4 The 20 youngest communities in the Capital Region 5 Noted: Women trash bar restrooms far worse than men do 6 Thief returns with sledgehammer after bid to break ATM fails 7 A.M. Roundup: It’s 2017, and Bart Schwartz hasn’t been... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Tim Hasselbeck pegs Matt Ryan over Tom Brady as his MVP choice 1-2-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - Dion Lewis agrees with LeGarrette Blount about Ndamakong Suh, 1-2-16 Dale & Holley   Bill Belichick - Michael Floyd made a few big plays for us on Sunday Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Michael Floyd making an Impact, 1-1-2017 Enough About Me   Enough About Me Ep. 46: Kevin McHale Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Tim Raines was a great player -- here's why I'm not voting him for... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Why Red Sox said no thanks when Diamondbacks asked about... Curt Schilling on K&C gives thoughts on early Hall of Fame... Latest Columns Curt Schilling should be in Hall of Fame, even if he offends you, end... Say goodbye to the punching bag: What Red Sox fans will miss about Cla... Latest Audio Hot Stove Show Hour 2 - Free Agency update and injury risks... Hot Stove Show Hour 1 - Baseball's Hall of Fame voting... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story The Hot List: Ranking NFL head coaching vacancies by Christopher Price Latest Blog Posts Bill Belichick on D&H wonders if NFL will ban plays like... Danny Amendola (ankle) showing signs he could be ready for... Latest Columns Here's why Roger Goodell won't hand Super Bowl trophy to Tom... Questions answered: Sunday's performance vs. Dolphins proved Mich... Final Mia 14 NE 35 Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Michael Floyd making an Impact,... Real Postgame Show - Looking ahead to the Playoffs, 1-1-2016 Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Al Horford made right decision to see his kid's birth -- is this really a... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Why Danny Ainge’s deal for Isaiah Thomas was the biggest... Al Horford’s sister says Celtics need center because her... Latest Columns Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Jan 03 Bos Uta Latest Audio Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' flagrant foul, and it's... Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' injury and keeping Marcus... Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Problems aplenty with these Bruins, but fix remains hard to pinpoint by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Three Bruins featured on first list of NHL’s 100 Greatest... Bruins skate against Devils in search of third win in a row Latest Columns Frank Vatrano return inches Bruins closer to fully operational status Looking back on all the times the Bruins have (not) fired Claude Julie... 2:19 3rd NJ 2 Bos 0 Latest Audio Saturday Skate - Khudobin to blame? Julien hot seat?... Saturday Skate - Khudobin to blame? Julien hot seat?... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB MLB Free Agency: Team-by-Team Report Cards at the Start of... MLB Spring Training 2017: The Top 10 Catchers to Watch NFL Brad Kaaya Declares for 2017 NFL Draft: Latest Comments and... Hue Jackson Says He'll Swim in a Lake If Browns Finish 1-15... NBA Kyrie Irving Injury: Cavaliers Star Out vs. Pelicans with... Sunday NBA Roundup: Can We Trust Atlanta Hawks' Recent... NHL Winter Classic 2017: Score and Twitter Reaction for... Winter Classic 2017: Live Score, Updates, Analysis for... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast K&C Tunnel Vision Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Bill Belichick - Michael Floyd made a few big plays for us... Special Teams Captain Matthew Slater with Dale, Holley and... Patriots secure #1 seed and await playoff opponent NFL Network's Heath Evans breaks down the Patriots and NFL... OMF - Dion Lewis agrees with LeGarrette Blount about... Popular Audio  K&C - Tom Brady on what Josh McDaniels has meant to his... Real Postgame Show - Michael Floyd making an Impact,... Latest Podcast  The Real K&C Podcast - Gerry's poor movie etiquette, Band of... Enough About Me Ep. 46: Kevin McHale Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Tom Brady praises Michael Floyd and his work ethic Mike Petraglia, Ryan Hannable preview who sits, who plays for Pats vs. Dolphins » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Gap Options eGift Station Events There are no events currently scheduled. Please check back soon or view photos from past events. » More Events Contests Skate on Frozen Fenway! Listen 12/21-12/30 for cues to call to win a pair of passes to skate on the Frozen Fenway ice on January 5th starting at 1:30pm. It’s BYOS- ‘Bring Your Own Skates... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests Tom Brady New England Patrio.. Miami Dolphins NFL New York Jets Bill Belichick Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Gabe Morency, SportsRageTV and FNTSY Sports Net, joins NFL SUNDAY for some handicapping fun in the final week of the season -- 1-17-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Gabe Morency, SportsRageTV and FNTSY Sports Net, joins NFL SUNDAY for some handicapping fun in the final week of the season -- 1-17-16 Jan 1, 2017| Gabe calls Pete and Price with some interesting handicapping tid-bits. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. I. No filter no BS. On turn this time we're pigskin picks from Gabriel Allred seemed. RNC head on Sports Radio WEEI. News. Boom. Don't buy out. Welcome back it's miles Sunday version of 2017. I'll be here everybody be covered personal price that we hear. What's given that you are AT&T hotline inject it with our expert handicap her favorite city from its port Richey beat out dot net and yet. Like a game that you buy brand value do when there ambiguity here you guys well at a real classic Pink Floyd money. Called goal there's a new camera receivership I got no money pot plus they ask you before that the NFL overall and. A body was what's the camp but that's panic there's a couple weeks have been on the year a lot as you know of all of their friendship so. But how the ball games in general between it treating you and how was safe firm. Friday the orange ball that radar and ball and then yesterday's. To conduct clunkers out of those. Possible she's a treaty with and what shocked you yesterday. You don't want to but not very well ahead to our gambling but gambling for a long time are right of the bat the ball games for a long time red. I'd repeat myself. Over ordered all right no I really do like. I hope we're not strong every year he had a dollar opened up strong every year in college I get cold in November. Good guys based search patterns and it's funny what I used to be. On another network before we got got one of the guys was actually tracking things like how do you do on Monday got beat you on Tuesday traffic. Who was amazed he's like man you really shocked gotten done Friday's Greece and offers carriers are brought into McKnight I'm aware Bullock stupid Ivy League you know every year just in crowd that. I got too much money on the eastern Michigan hold them in India on the balls of the world and at what the big time bowl games arrived and I start nailing down and I'll also be honest with you guys depiction and good that your. I was amazed that I shot like plucks 23 com unit to the National Football League the product like plus forty units and I'm wondering. The why am I so broke. And so probably get a divorce free get money management and Haley. Yeah I'm dailies like I actually got a lot of different women and got wasted it voters a lot. Mean I'm just sit merely in the dark you know feel sort of from these doubts cook well not only got 11 more crack at. I'm you know like yesterday and I nailed it double guys and I even talk clubs and audio tour to look like you are struggling clubs you're gonna win got clubs in that I got minus four billion like a plus 220 ranger actually I was so calm and but I guess I was wrong about the total broke I don't know why you like volatility hires. Oh I forgot Al what it was there's some sort of prop bet if it that. The prop bet of Clinton shutting out Ohio State I don't know I'd that I could be a hundred. Once silent or that. Urban Meyer had never been shot out in his entire career that's remarkable yeah I've got darker. Ohio State having been shot out but since 1993. Then go to Michigan fan I want to do happy with the way he became head on Friday night what they did bring a smile on my face is I shot via a shot at the last time they were shot out it was to Michigan Tony did not take control of the club. Usually got something there but yet I don't shocking I would clouds some guys who not only won't be before Olmert who will actually bought. You know it was told to shop there were some made shopped last night. By the Clemson can hang I don't think there's have a team. Is god dangers is crazy it is their defense is great. A couple of weeks three clubs in the regular lead offense they put your father's shoulders real hard man to go back to back to get back there after you lose because absent it. Are extremely ill resilient mentally taught like he also and other cannot shop meaning not shock what you are last year. I think of the clubs and other chip on her shoulder this game without the water and I like the oil to the concert can actually be about right. Gave we got the head of a coaching careers so Marty in high gear the Broncos niners bills jaguars rams. We know that that group there are all going to be looking for head coaches. Following the bib I guess you know following today's action. What kind of odds are you seeing out there in terms of where some guys are gonna land that I'd be really interested. In in whether or not first ball chip Kelly's gonna get a job next year. Or Chip Kelly I was wondering about cheers as well who's always figured he should've I thought he would have been good for it to return to organize actually. It got I was a good JavaScript for me as far as chipper and he can and likely interpreted you know again that's that's my real flowers and we are dealing. OC at flirt and I'm like yeah I don't I don't agree international Heidi. The Big Apple a university of IU rivalry. It's amazing isn't it what can use of Kubiak. And and a hell yeah I guess mad when your offense has scored ten point two games could feel good that the deal this year basically. Seems like you killed coaches almost. The Bulgarian heart attack Carson Palmer so proud. Givers like eyeball to allow watching your team collapse you've got a rat pack up and and we've had numerous been. Kubiak just I can't do this anymore right out my family's concern or doubt in my house. A male that that you only bright know what all the celebrity guests is 2016. That Rex Ryan's coaching careers debt. Bill Black guy pitched until I know you hope catfish coming into today. I believe victory at Denver and you know you're gonna hear all the shape names you don't Harbaugh our client. Or shot patent dangers during I don't know what's going on in New Orleans Sean Payton and actually. If they if they don't mind if he leads. UBS sought after coach you know as far as Denver's conserve would be shocked maybe culture and it ends up there. And if I don't know this relationship is we will always but it seems seems like a good good fit what. Actually like the Denver Broncos in this game by today I don't know I'm not old just this car is out blocked caller is out. I'm the raiders have to be a little bit mentally strategy out just a little bit of popular mind shaken and I don't wanna be your only car I don't wanna you know I think it might just be a little bit at Cambridge subconsciously. Denver have a lot of pride man you know they're their rifles it's cool BR slash game. I'm not a huge fan. Well do you rotating quarterback situation and that's that's something we're about to deal with today you analyst bill Colin gambling for not saying a blog really. You know what it does for us to last month that they get the Broncos rushed ten point two games shop it can't be worse he couldn't. You can't get away or would you like to. Today that's what you play like deliberately minus wanna call against the and we went to the vehicle on the way yeah I do I should note there's little a lot of movement guys tried a big Lima what are what are your best game agreement that's come down updated shot periodic minus one right now I would Denver I do like the broncos' side in this game. My best bet that day. My actual like I'm weighing it down and that this is it girl you know every year for me again tried to deal with it will be initiate. A ridiculous change plucked me out. I don't I'm shocked at seven and a half feet and all the doctor Sheldon how. I Gregory the game of Brooklyn Chris and I were talking about these kind of games when they think the falcons are supposed to win baby blues and others a lot on the line for them they can get the juicy they're in the playoffs but. This is a huge these are the type of games at this franchise has lost. Over the last several years through domestic matters Smith went coaching. I agree yeah I think I can be a total points in that game I love I'd love to say to him I think have a chance to upset the topic today that it ever chance when outrage. They're plus 300 on the Moneyline that very attractive to me in this series always talked out of the water not to mention guys. This is one of these deals like you have to look at the numbers over the years the road team that dominated this series for one reason or another show us it's just a plaque which saw the falcons went. Earlier this year the away team as one pre the last or changed. Bad you know this is what I do you talk with the falcons and this is where they usually stumble. Are the underdogs kill it shouldn't side Quinn and culture of Atlanta for the most part. Evidently caught them by teens got you here today here's a rock solid trigger the falcons are one and twenty. One and twenty against the spread. I got home. One that won three consecutive football and that's and that's unbelievable. He's he's not you know I'm one of these guys might shoot Shrek and got out Micah politician would pulse the veterans -- what I like them all you get a dollar and also we put under the carpet and god. How come I got me one and twenty net debt there's a pattern here right. So now towards the 121 timetable we heard you know once. After they won three straight at all so. I do tickets games come down the while you look at the numbers their thirty match you really obviously cabin equipment. True to Asia which has been bawling I doubt distraction here. Illustrate what 49 point Purdue and give one shot over the falcons score thirty or even give up what people are just like to me whoever has the ball obsolete. About what you thought it was broad range plus Brees of the begets what a 147 yards today puts him over 5000 again. So is gonna love that the first quarter. There's a couple of interesting you know I read between the lines this week there's a registered wanna hear what the colts although. You know I did earlier in the week it was like or not to like about a quarter optical fiber well right now what Andrew Luck Dominique de also lost twenty and re against the spread. I I did what he plays out hallmark lost. The numbers should be called remember when in your life was like elaborate and older is spread a couple extra that it went to to get shellacked in the that would be eleven right I better start OK you know it could hurt a little bit but there's still a power numbers here it's Robert Mathis is the last game. Gortat Darby you know leave the oldest got a rush for a thousand yards since Shawn Riggans. You know there's a little bit older he got the sort of read between the lines of look for what you know one of the guys play for in the rumored to colts do want and what a bank. But I don't actually been pretty good I mean I was on the last week at the raiders I was kind of box I can actually keep hurdle frustrated we couldn't get the replay I don't think are called so and so automatic is going to be some points put up on the board of -- football game as well like people were it not scared you guys mentioned Chip Kelly earlier and I'm you know this is a perfect game for the Seattle Seahawks to get ready for the playoffs for this Atlanta loses and they win. An updated eight days and I'm sure they get the pie so to stop it first topic. But the other I am employing Damon playing great and they they struggled early and then. She's like yeah that this Seattle but we talk repeat the Greek tracks. At the Seattle we're talking about god the Seattle pick them to go to the Super Bowl forty years started. Don't play the Pittsburgh Steelers also like to our future placed. And hadn't practiced it just not a good. The operative luck and struggles you know they can't run the football. Russell also running first slice. The only other big playmaker on the big all the winter actually got what you the score touchdowns. A lot can break your leg there's a lot of negatives about the history. But the people of Seattle Seahawks you can beat them. If you look at quarterback to control the flow while you're not intimidated. By their secondary. Mission skeptical 49ers don't outback. And yeah I you don't wanna be lying and Panama on the road. You know five straight times they've beaten up by double digit guys at nineteen point sixteen point seventeen points allowed three times. We know what Maximus Circuit City is in San Francisco. I think she modeled dial things are quite hear doctor to be pretty you know one of those points or seven type of deals but. Our normal little Italy double digits on the rope and I'm comfortable doing it in this spot I love Seattle NT users got Seattle and a million GG. Well actually it was big we gave a racy Sports Radio a sports rates to be dot com and efforts he has wideout bomber resonated Kemper's tremendous. Couple more questions for let's get the patriots right now the light went from nine heading east on the seven and a half that total. It's 45 and you like you like the mammals today. You know I like to battle it was not an apple saw. That's that's how stupid we are gamblers there's and it can be different for Shalit after nine and a half how many times did you might not know I need that may have to quote don't know I don't like him at all. Columbia does this is another interstate what I want to tell you guys that scenario clear. If Miami can win this game somehow. Get your illusions San Diego possibility. They play used to it got to play expert. Now beta you know there's a plot won't repeat it burger earlier years the game Roethlisberger got hurt you actually get your crap out of the belt before Roethlisberger got hurt in that football game. I have a lot of respect for the patriot political point spread just a little bit too high here our pick Miami Arcandor come to play I like Matt Moore I mean can you know I was I was getting your got together this year is playing good football what. Mal Moore makes good decisions. It's just too many points I mean here's a number teams that are in the play also playoff team to the final week receipt you're 25 and eight against spread. An underdog stubborn at all against the spread when getting five or more while. So whatever you know you've got a good for all keep getting a lot of points on their home field. And I you know I go to the picture or Turkey producer in college for all personal calls result rankings. A bit odd but I'm looking at this game that likely under. By in this game as well I think you're curious lashed out your mama expecting a track meet and play in this game your pots are 41 under street. Another six and one pretty under on the she's in particular procedure to do you think about explosive offense what. Yeah and Tom Brady but the fact is do you actually get a fifteen point seven points per game. You should you wanna be under on the road the first shop and old were play on hold. This year what in this spot I think we are smashed out one each other genes don't hope on game is dangerous man who has got a rich let me again so people. Governor to officially under in this context. Our last question for me gave them these odd throughout there are many a sports books. If you had your choice of taking the patriots or quote unquote the field meeting and all the playoff teams in the AFC and the NFC besides the past. What would you do. Yeah I would I would go to field. But I would go with the field I almost feel as a result there are as good as the patriots are. It's gonna be a cost up yet where we come right back down which. You know can go into who can go into a Gillette and actually beat them are into Pittsburgh Steelers can't. I legitimately do I'm rocketed has got to capture any cheap shot either. We juniper which are dominated the regular C department probably get this might be you know that how many more opportunities are they gonna jet right. They also get beyond the you look at the dolphins are getting better rejection pills are kind of a MacBook. Probably more popular and get this could be dangerous team the patriots up like a market to abandon ship righted the Pittsburgh Steelers can go in there today and get a dot. I'm not guaranteeing that they will blocked I would being stated I got to go to the GOP. RA gave. Happy new year to you great stuff as always and we'll happily talk to you next week I will be here on ignited fall pregnant with the breakdown. Wild card weekend always a blast right that's one and as we get to order. I appreciate I appreciate it back coming out every week that you guys are class act of wish all your listeners there and happy new year and at your books are big guys also a lot. I don't know we are under enough pockets and that changed I'll get the have and actually like most resembles we'll have that problem all the but so little boy let's go under under arms and if not hopeful gave it one quick one on the way and we're gonna go out. Giant getting seven point against the red it is meant. You know it's all with the Redskins needed immunity against Carolina a couple of cute and yup they do and what happened about nearly seven year. Am I could do admit that these actually played their starters. He at least you know for the most part seven point I don't know it was going to be Prussia corrected we'll sprinkle the giants is well. RIK great stuff look forward to we'll talk next respects and happy new year. Our interactive Eric liberated joining us from sport three QB dot com and after anti as wide doctor Bob and Greg handicap number two in Eric would go back. Who close up choate around the NFL in the NFL Sunday moves on down the stretch rugby Shepperd Chris price radio Sports Radio WE yeah. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Christopher Price01/02/17 08:38 pm EST The Hot List: Ranking NFL head [..] - Christopher Price01/02/17 08:38 pm EST The Hot List: Ranking NFL head coaching vacancies There are six NFL head coaching vacancies that are already available. If you’re a [..] + John Tomase01/02/17 12:12 pm EST Here's why Roger Goodell won't [..] - John Tomase01/02/17 12:12 pm EST Here's why Roger Goodell won't hand Super Bowl trophy to Tom Brady even if Pats [..] Unless Tom Brady wins the Super Bowl MVP award – a distinct possibility, mind you [..] + Ryan Hannable01/01/17 10:10 pm EST Questions answered: Sunday's [..] - Ryan Hannable01/01/17 10:10 pm EST Questions answered: Sunday's performance vs. Dolphins proved Michael Floyd is [..] There were major questions when the Patriots claimed Michael Floyd off waivers just over [..] + Christopher Price01/01/17 07:35 pm EST What we learned: Now in AFC [..] - Christopher Price01/01/17 07:35 pm EST What we learned: Now in AFC driver's seat, Pats have inside track on road to [..] With the playoffs now looming, no AFC team is better suited to advance to Super Bowl [..] + Mike Petraglia01/01/17 05:33 pm EST Led by Bill Belichick and Tom [..] - Mike Petraglia01/01/17 05:33 pm EST Led by Bill Belichick and Tom Brady, Pats prove mentally toughest in NFL There can be no doubt now. The Patriots are clearly the favorite in AFC to get to Super [..] + Ty Anderson12/29/16 05:34 pm EST Problems aplenty with these [..] - Ty Anderson12/29/16 05:34 pm EST Problems aplenty with these Bruins, but fix remains hard to pinpoint There’s something wrong with these Bruins. Even if the Bruins sweep this upcoming [..] + It Is What It Is01/02/17 06:21 pm EST Bill Belichick on D&H wonders [..] - It Is What It Is01/02/17 06:21 pm EST Bill Belichick on D&H wonders if NFL will ban plays like Shea McClellin’s blocked field goal Patriots coach Bill Belichick joined Dale &#38; Holley with Rich Keefe on [..] + It Is What It Is01/02/17 05:37 pm EST Danny Amendola (ankle) showing [..] - It Is What It Is01/02/17 05:37 pm EST Danny Amendola (ankle) showing signs he could be ready for postseason FOXBORO - The last time Danny Amendola stepped on the field was Dec. 4 [..] + It Is What It Is01/02/17 05:13 pm EST Several Patriots players get [..] - It Is What It Is01/02/17 05:13 pm EST Several Patriots players get interesting haircuts following regular season FOXBORO - When the Patriots offensive linemen came out of their meetings [..] + Big Bad Blog01/02/17 04:24 pm EST Three Bruins featured on first [..] - Big Bad Blog01/02/17 04:24 pm EST Three Bruins featured on first list of NHL’s 100 Greatest Players list As the league kicked off their 100-year birthday party with yesterday's [..] + Big Bad Blog01/02/17 03:23 pm EST Bruins skate against Devils in [..] - Big Bad Blog01/02/17 03:23 pm EST Bruins skate against Devils in search of third win in a row The Bruins will happily take the positives of their 2016 calendar year finish [..] + It Is What It Is01/02/17 03:19 pm EST Matt Patricia continues to get [..] - It Is What It Is01/02/17 03:19 pm EST Matt Patricia continues to get interest across league, but is he right for San Diego? Another organization is interested in Patriots defensive coordinator Matt [..] + Red Sox12/28/16 10:49 pm EST Tim Raines was a great player -- [..] - Red Sox12/28/16 10:49 pm EST Tim Raines was a great player -- here's why I'm not voting him for Hall of Fame Let's just get this out of the way: I'm not voting for Tim Raines. I didn't make the decision [..] + Red Sox 12/22/16 03:41 pm EST Curt Schilling should be in Hall [..] - Red Sox 12/22/16 03:41 pm EST Curt Schilling should be in Hall of Fame, even if he offends you, end of story Each Hall of Fame ballot contains difficult choices. Edgar Martinez is one of the best hitters [..] + Patriots01/02/17 08:38 pm EST The Hot List: Ranking NFL head [..] - Patriots01/02/17 08:38 pm EST The Hot List: Ranking NFL head coaching vacancies There are six NFL head coaching vacancies that are already available. If you’re a [..] + Patriots 01/02/17 12:12 pm EST Here's why Roger Goodell won't [..] - Patriots 01/02/17 12:12 pm EST Here's why Roger Goodell won't hand Super Bowl trophy to Tom Brady even if Pats win Unless Tom Brady wins the Super Bowl MVP award – a distinct possibility, mind you [..] + Bruins12/29/16 05:34 pm EST Problems aplenty with these [..] - Bruins12/29/16 05:34 pm EST Problems aplenty with these Bruins, but fix remains hard to pinpoint There’s something wrong with these Bruins. Even if the Bruins sweep this upcoming [..] + Celtics11/29/16 05:29 pm EST Al Horford made right decision to [..] - Celtics11/29/16 05:29 pm EST Al Horford made right decision to see his kid's birth -- is this really a thing? Of all the people to criticize Al Horford for skipping a Celtics game to witness the birth of [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Back Page 12:00 AM, January 02, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:00 AM, January 02, 2017 Istanbul attack overshadows global New Year festivities 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Afp, Los Angeles A horrific attack that killed 39 revelers in an Istanbul nightclub cast a dark shadow over New Year celebrations attended by millions around the world to ring in 2017. The shooting massacre, carried out by a gunman reportedly dressed as Santa Claus, took place despite heightened security in major cities around the world, amid fears that celebrations could present a target for terrorists. Many of the victims of the attack on the Reina nightclub, one of Istanbul's most exclusive, were foreigners. "The attacker -- in the most brutal and merciless way -- targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun," Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said. In New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, security was very tight. When the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's iconic crossroads, revelers screamed with glee and couples kissed as fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. Out west, tens of thousands gathered in Grand Park in Los Angeles to enjoy live music plus inflatable sculptures and a 3-D light show. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight, referring to his campaign slogan "Make America great again". Following truck massacres in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7,000 police and dozens of garbage trucks to secure the festivities from similar attacks. "It's the best place in the world to be on New Year's Eve," said Alma Alanis, a lawyer from Mexico, who was on holiday in New York. Sydney kicked off celebrations attended by some 1.5 million people with a spectacular fireworks display that lit up its harbor. Crowds in Hong Kong also flocked to the waterfront to watch fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour, while in Tokyo thousands packed the streets to release balloons into the air. Celebrations swung into Europe with the night sky over Moscow's Red Square literally painted red by the fireworks. And around half a million people thronged Paris's famous Champs-Elysees, where the Arc de Triomphe was lit up with a colourful countdown to 2017 and the word "welcome" in dozens of languages. Under the watchful eye of some 2,000 military police, around two million people watched a fireworks display on Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana Beach that while impressive was shortened this year due to a severe economic crisis. YEAR OF POLITICAL SHOCKS The night was the last in a year of political shocks, from Britain's vote to leave the European Union to the election of Trump in the United States. It has also been a year of celebrity deaths from David Bowie to Prince and Muhammad Ali. 2016 was also a year of bloodshed and misery that has seen the war in Syria, Europe's migrant crisis and numerous terror attacks dominate the headlines. Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Back Page Top five innovations by Bangladeshis in 2016 Jackie Chan 'finally' wins Oscar Govt blocks over 500 porn sites DU teacher sacked on sexual assault charges Musa told wife to blow herself up No more e-token for India visit from 2017 93% pass JSC-JDC, 98% pass primary How to get smart NID card? Emirates plans expansion in Bangladesh 6 Bangladeshis shot in Myanmar firing at Bay Govt blocks over 500 porn sites Winter late due to recent cyclone in Bay It's hard to end traffic woes PM launches .bangla domain Militant Suspect Trisha: She called her parents during police raid 11kg gold bars seized from Qatar aircraft New Year Celebrations: JMB's 'attack plan foiled' Results of JSC, JDC exams today 12-yr-old girl foils her marriage Ashulia RMG hub abuzz again 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Back Page Rebel fire from Yemen kills Saudi soldier Trafficking Human Organs: China jails 16 More than 1,000 migrants storm border at Spain's Ceuta Deal reached to end DRCongo political crisis Crowd packs in for the 'ball drop' in New York In case you missed it Game shows how nation was born 5 traditional Objects That Are Almost Disappearing Bangabandhu satellite project wins int'l award Time to declare Turag dead Let the salute remain a mystery Multimedia you may like Mirpur’s Jalladkhana in photos England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
null
The Forum Community Connection Tiger Talk Dreaming Big with Dr. Jamie Schwandt You And Your Young Child Green And Growing Extras From The Extension House 2 Home High School Sports Interviews FFA Interviews Connecting With SouthWind Hays Post Hays (KS) News, Opinion, Sports, Video Hays News Hays Police Department Arrest Log Hays Eats™ HaysHasJobs Cancellations and Delays State/National Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries More ADVERTISE with Eagle Web Services Contact Us Circulars Calendar Local Church Services DISQUS Terms of Service Eagle Radio Contest Rules ADVERTISE with Eagle Radio & Hull Broadcasting of Hays Terms Of Service Submit Your Post 2016 Cathedral Concert Taco Shop launches new online app; adds a new menu item January 1, 2017 by Garrett Sager Leave a Comment By GARRETT SAGER Hays Post Taco Shop, 333 E. 8th,Hays, offers many different avenues in which to place or receive your order, and at the turn of the new year, will offer one more entity to make ordering a little bit more easy. Taco Shop will welcome in 2017 with a new online ordering app where customers can place orders right from their phones. “It’s something that has been in the back of my mind for a while now and we felt that you have to connect to the younger group, and really, the older group has caught on to the technology, and it’s just a simpler way to order,” said Bob Long, manager. The app can be downloaded on both Apple and Android devices by searching Taco Shop or Hays Taco Shop The Taco Shop app made a small launch in early December, but is still in the beta testing mode right now. Long hopes that this month they can have a bigger launch with some specials involved. “We’ve taken some orders through the app already with the little advertising we’ve done with it,” Long said. “There is still some fine tuning that needs to be done, changes to the menu, and just smoothing out the process.” Long was able to work with Simply, LLC, which has designed other mobile apps for businesses in Hays including The Golden Q and Golden Griddle. Long was able to tell Simply what he wanted, such as pictures of the food next to the order, and Simply was able to make it happen. “Everyone who has came in here has commented on our menu and the pictures and how they like it so we wanted the app to give the customers a view of what their food will look like,” Long said. Taco Shop’s business model is already set up with a delivery and pick up system, so, according to Long, there were not any real big changes that needed to be made. “It integrates right into our regular flow; it’s nice in that regard,” Long said. To help the process, customers will receive notifications sent to their phone telling them how their order is coming along. Long says customers will receive notifications when the Taco Shop has received their order, when the order is completed, and when the order is out for delivery, if the customer has chosen that option. Taco Shop will still offer in-store pick up, pick up through the drive-through window, and phone call ordering. “The phone service will still be offered because there are limitations to what the app can do. Some of our customers have pretty complex orders, or they have bigger orders where they need to divide the check, which cannot be done on the app,” Long explained. In the future, Taco Shop plans to add another entity to its order system, allowing customers to order straight from the restaurant’s website, but the online app needs to be ironed out first, says Long. “That feature will come along, but it’s one step at a time and we want the app to be fully functional first.” The new phone app is not the only surprise Taco Shop has for its customers in 2017. Taco Shop will also be unveiling a new menu item, the Chicken Bacon Ranch Quesadilla. “It might be a new goal here to add a new menu item each year,” Long said. “Most of our menu items are just different variations of each other, but not many of our items get bacon, so this is a big change for our menu.” Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Local Copyright © 2017 · Hays Post - Hays, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Jan 02, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Hon Hai invests US$8bn in China LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAYS:Chairman Terry Gou said that the electronics maker is investing in China because the government is efficient and supports technology AFP, BEIJING Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (鴻海精密) plans to build an US$8.8 billion factory in China, state media said on Saturday, amid reports the Taiwanese firm’s billionaire boss is cooling off on future US investments. Hon Hai, known as Foxconn Technology Group (富士康) outside Taiwan, is the world’s largest contract electronics maker and a major supplier to Apple Inc. The firm is to spend the vast sum on an industrial complex in Guangzhou, China. The factory will make large-screen LCD‘s, Hon Hai said at an event in the city on Friday last week. It is expected to be operational by 2019. “We have in China a government that knows how to be efficient and supports new technology,” Hon Hai chairman Terry Gou (郭台銘) said in an interview with China’s 21st Century Business. “As to whether we will invest in the US in the future I have no idea. As a matter of fact, the new [US] administration is not in office and its new policies are not in place,” Gou added. The firm employs about 1 million workers at its factories across China and has operations in more than 10 countries. In the US, it has a plant in Virginia for packaging and engineering which employs more than 400 people. Earlier this month Hon Hai confirmed it was in talks over a new US investment, while Japanese telecoms giant Softbank Group Corp shares soared after US president-elect Donald Trump unveiled a US$50 billion deal with the two firms. Gou said he would only divulge details after discussions with relevant US authorities, but made no mention of it during the factory announcement on Friday last week. The Guangzhou plant will be jointly run by Hon Hai and Japanese electronics firm Sharp Corp, in which Hon Hai has a 66 percent stake in. This story has been viewed 2053 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Eero How Eero Solved My Crummy Home Wi-Fi Problems Written by Chris Brantner Contributor January 1, 2017 // 09:00 AM EST Copy This URL One of the things in home technology that has struggled to adapt has been wireless internet routers. No matter how new your router is or how fast your internet might be, it seems like you’ll always run into issues like dead spots or the loss of internet access requiring a full reboot. Eero claims to have the answer to these problems. Eero’s solution is a Wi-Fi system intended to fix all the normal problems of wireless routers and offer higher performance throughout your entire house or office. It’s a grandiose claim, but if it can solve the problem of shaky in-home WiFi, it might be worthy of an investment. So I got my hands on three units and put them to the test. Let’s take a look at the Eero wireless system. What do you get with an Eero? When you buy the Eero you can buy it as a one, two, or three-pack. The units have a nice design to them, so they won’t be an eyesore in your home. With multiple units, one works as a base connected to your internet source and the others will work to extend the service throughout the house.You can add up to seven Eero units in total, although Eero suggests that three units will work for most homes. How do you set an Eero up? You set up the Eero through its mobile application via an Android or Apple device. It’s a little unusual, but this is the only way to set it up, so if you don’t have access to either device you’re currently out of luck. The app will quickly walk you through the entire setup process of the initial unit. If you’re adding another unit, all you need to do is put the new unit next to the original Eero and select “Add Eero” on the mobile app. During the setup there were a couple things we noticed. For whatever reason, we had some initial difficulties connecting a phone to the Wi-Fi. Also, we found gaming devices, specifically a PS4, ran much better when connected to the Eero directly through an Ethernet cable. Does it do anything more than Wi-Fi Extension? The Eero includes multiple features, some that come with many routers like WPA2 encryption security, but also several others that set the Eero apart. First, the setup truly is a breeze and once it’s running you never actually need to do a manual reboot. In fact, the Eero is constantly checking your network and will reboot itself if it finds any connection issues. Other features are customizable parental controls and an easy ability to allow guests to sign in by simply sending a text through the mobile app. How much does the Eero Cost? The Eero does not come cheap but I believe it’s worth the $199 price tag for a single unit. The three-pack, which is ideal for homes with dead spots or connectivity issues, costs $499. It’s not for someone on a shoestring budget, but is a great investment for someone who truly cares about their internet quality. Is the performance really that great? I gave the Eero a test run and for the most part was incredibly impressed. For a bit of background, I had trouble getting service in my back office at home. Speeds lagged, and I was resetting my router once or twice a day. But since I set up Eero in my home, my issues are gone. I haven’t had to reset the system once. And I’m getting the full internet speed I’m paying for, which means I can get work done, stream Netflix, or whatever. The only downside I’d say is that I seem to be having trouble connecting my smartphone to the Eero network. This is an issue I’ll be contacting customer support over shortly. My biggest takeaway from my Eero experience is that it seems to live up to its claims. It isn’t cheap, but doesn’t pretend to be a discount wireless router offering like many other options on the market. Instead, it succeeds at solving the issues most face with traditional routers. Between the performance, extra features, and ease of use, the Eero is worth checking out should you have any issues with Wi-Fi performance in your home or office. Topics: Routers, Eero, Internet, Wi-Fi, wireless, Futures Contact the author by Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Hacker Claims To Push Malicious Firmware Update to 3.2 Million Home Routers AVG Wants Your Home Router to Fight Internet of Things Malware You’ll Never Look at a 404 Error Page Again the Same After This So… How Much Porn Is on Tumblr? The Future of Routers Might Look Like A ‘Jewel’ Plugged Into The Wall Here’s Why Cybersecurity Experts Want Public Source Routers Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular House Science Committee Tweets Story Skeptical of Climate Change Someone Accessed Silk Road Operator’s Account While Ross Ulbricht Was in Jail A New Theory on the Mysterious Condition Causing Astronauts to Lose Their Vision Two Hackers Appear To Have Created a New Massive Internet of Things Botnet Watch Chernobyl Get Locked Inside a New Giant Steel Dome A Catastrophic Amount of Carbon Could Leak From the Soil By 2050 © 2017 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone Manufacturer Foxconn Will Replace All Human Workers With Robots By Adnan Farooqui on 01/01/2017 07:31 PST Manufacturing jobs are increasingly being taken over by robots as automating factories and production lines turns out to be more cost-effective for companies. Foxconn, a China-based manufacturer that has long produced iPhones for Apple, has laid out a three-phase plan in which it’s going to replace almost all of its human workers with robots. So much for moving iPhone production out of China and possibly to the United States! A manager with the Foxconn Automation Technology Development Committee, Dai Jia-peng, told Taiwanese trade publication DigiTimes that the company is working on a three-phase plan to replace human workers with robots. The first phase will see a factory replacing human workers with robots at individual workstations. These robots will initially perform tasks that are considered too dangerous for humans or just the tasks that human workers simply don’t want to do. The second stage will see the robots being scaled up to take over entire production lines and when that’s done, the third phase will involve keeping only the bare minimum human workers on the floor for oversight, inspection, and testing. Dai mentioned that Foxconn factories in Chengdu, Shenzhen, and Zhengzhou have already reached the second and third phases. Almost half of the iPhones produced by Foxconn are manufactured at the Zhengzhou factory where only a CNC line has been fully automated so far. Foxconn has deployed 40,000 of its robot workers so far and Dai mentions that the company is capable of building 10,000 of these robots annually. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about foxconn and iPhone. Related Articles 2016-12-30 Apple Reportedly Cutting iPhone Production By 10% 2016-12-30 Apple Patent Sees The Digital Crown Brought Onto iOS Devices 2016-12-29 iPhone Production In India Could Begin By End Of 2017 2016-12-29 This Malicious Text Can Crash Any iPhone 2016-12-02 Foxconn Exec Faces 10 Years In Jail For Stealing 5,700 iPhones 2016-10-31 Foxconn Reportedly Working On Wireless Charging For The iPhone 8 2016-09-07 Apple & Foxconn Could Be Considering Making iPhones In India 2016-06-13 'Feeble' iPhone Sales Expected Until Early Next Year Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska Investors Are Betting Big Against Fitbit Inc. — Are They Right? Fitness tracker maker Fitbit (NYSE: FIT) shed 75% of its value this year due to slowing sales growth, slipping margins, and tougher competition. But investors seem to think that the stock could continue falling — over 30% of its outstanding shares were still being shorted as of Dec. 27. Let’s take a closer look at Fitbit’s headwinds and tailwinds to see if those bearish bets are justified. Image source: Fitbit. What the bears think The bears believe that since fitness trackers are cheap to manufacture, Fitbit’s core market will be commoditized and its brand will lose its premium appeal. High-end smartwatches and low-end fitness trackers are becoming cheaper, and challengers like Garmin (NASDAQ: GRMN) are stealing niche sports performance users away from Fitbit. To make matters worse, several Fitbit products were recently targeted in studies and lawsuits regarding the accuracy of their activity and heart tracking features. Those headwinds caused Fitbit’s sales to rise just  23% annually last quarter, compared to 47% growth in the previous quarter and 168% growth in the prior year quarter. To counter those challenges, Fitbit has been developing new products — like the Blaze, Alta, Flex 2, and Charge 2 — and increasing its marketing expenses. Since those expenses outpaced its revenue growth, Fitbit’s operating margin fell from 16% to 9% between the third quarters of 2015 and 2016. Unless Fitbit’s sales growth can accelerate as it gets its expenses under control, its margins will keep contracting and its net income will keep falling. That’s why analysts expect Fitbit’s revenue to rise 26% this year, but its non-GAAP earnings to fall  46%. Why the bears should beware Fitbit looks like it’s in trouble, but shorting a stock which has such high short interest and trades at just 0.4 times its enterprise value is extremely risky. Any positive news could result in a “short squeeze” in which a stampede of short sellers rush to cover their positions. Fitbit’s market share is also holding steady. Between the third quarters of 2015 and 2016, IDC reports that its share of the global wearables market rose from 21.4% to 23%, and it retained its spot as the biggest wearables maker in the world. During that period, Xiaomi ‘s share rose from 16.4% to 16.5%, Garmin’s share rose from 5.3% to 5.7%, and Apple ‘s(NASDAQ: AAPL) share plunged from  17.5% to 4.9% due to waning interest in the Apple Watch. Those figures indicate that although Fitbit faces tough competition in the wearables market, its strong brand recognition and wide portfolio of devices are holding its competitors at bay. Fitbit also generates most of its revenue from its new higher-end devices (the Blaze, Alta, Charge 2) instead of its lower-end ones, so the threat of commoditization could be overblown. Fitbit Blaze. Image source: Fitbit. Fitbit is also capitalizing on that brand strength with its corporate wellness programs with big partners like Target . While these programs still only generate a small portion of Fitbit’s revenue, they could expand its ecosystem and add stable software subscriptions in the near future. Lastly, Fitbit’s enterprise value of about $1 billion and clean balance sheet make it a tasty takeover target for anyone looking to instantly become the top wearables maker in the world. Previously cited suitors include  Apple, which didn’t reach enough mainstream customers with the Apple Watch; Microsoft , which could expand its wearables presence beyond the Band; and a mysterious Chinese firm called ABM Capital. Why you shouldn’t bet against Fitbit anymore… The bears certainly have plenty of reasons to bet against Fitbit, but the stock is too heavily shorted and its valuation is too low for it to be a good short play. Unless Fitbit’s sales growth drops to the single digits and its global market share declines significantly, I believe that its downside potential could be limited. However, Fitbit probably also won’t rally unless its revenue growth can outpace its expenses again. 10 stocks we like better than Fitbit When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Fitbit wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016 Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Weighing The Week Ahead: A Weak Start For Stocks In 2017? Next PostNext 3 Things You Can Do Now to Boost Your Retirement Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Business 17 business stories to watch in 2017 UT staff   1: Nuclear energy The San Onofre nuclear plant isn’t producing electricity anymore, but it will still generate headlines in 2017. A state superior court will hear a lawsuit in March challenging a decision by the California Coastal Commission to store some 3.6 million pounds spent nuclear waste on the facility’s site. And the original agreement shutting down the plant that left about 70 percent of costs on the shoulders of ratepayers is getting reviewed by the California Public Utilities Commission as well as in a case before a federal appeals court.  2: Qualcomm Slowing smartphone sales have investors worried about long-term growth. Qualcomm rejected a break-up idea and got much larger, buying NXP Semiconductors and its share of the global automotive chip market, in a deal valued at $47 billion including the assumption of NXP debt. Now Chief Executive Steve Mollenkopf must integrate 44,000 NXP employees into Qualcomm’s 30,000, as well as keep investing heavily in the world’s transition to super-fast 5G technology. 3. ViaSat Carlsbad’s ViaSat has bet more than $1 billion that satellites have a place in providing more bandwidth to the world. In 2017 engineers plan to launch the $625 million ViaSat-2, bringing 300 gigabits of capacity to its network. That’s about double the 140 gigabit capacity of ViaSat-1, which launched in 2011 and has about 700,000 residential subscribers, including Wi-Fi for commercial airlines such as American, JetBlue and United. 4: SeaWorld When the Orlando-based company said in 2016 that it would end the captive breeding of orcas at its marine parks, the big question was whether that could revive the struggling business. San Diego will be on the vanguard in 2017 when it becomes the first of the three marine parks to replace Shamu with a show that focuses on the killer whales’ natural behaviors in the wild. Shareholders will applaud if the move reverses falling revenue and attendance. 5: San Diego Convention Center With the November defeat of the Chargers’ ballot proposal to build a joint stadium and convention center downtown, backers of a contiguous expansion of the waterfront center are hoping to get the project back on track this year. But voters just rejected higher hotel taxes, and a lawsuit by attorney Cory Briggs challenges the legality of such construction in the coastal zone. Hoteliers have lots of persuading to do. 6. Ben Carson, home builder? Life in San Diego County is heavily subsidized by the federal government, but that could change under Ben Carson, president-elect Donald Trump's pick to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The county gets roughly $250 million a year just for Section 8 vouchers, and developers use federal tax credits to build subsidized housing. Carson, who grew up in subsidized housing, is a vocal critic of government handouts and could change how San Diego houses its poor. 7. Mortgage rates  Mortgage rates have already gone up since the election, boosting payments and making homebuying less affordable. Rates for a typical 30-year fixed rate mortgage were 3.59 percent the day before Donald Trump's victory. It was 4.36 percent on Dec. 27 . With three more expected Federal Reserve rates in 2017, rates could continue to rise.  8. Tijuana Tijuana is in the middle of building up to 2,000 new condos while the peso has continued to drop in value since the U.S. election. This lowers purchase costs for buyers using dollars, but makes imported materials and appliances more expensive. Despite claims from Mexican developers, many industry watchers wonder what will happen if money dries up during construction.  9. Rent prices As of September, rent increased nearly 9 percent in a year but CoStar is predicting rent will rise just 3.6 percent in 2017. With less profit growth, more landlords may consider turning apartments into condos. If rent goes up more than expected, we may see louder calls for rent control, pressure on employers to find places for their workers, and a dip in local consumer confidence. 10. Financial markets Stock investors will pay keen attention to clues that the “Trump Rally” foretells longer life for the bull market that began in 2009. With corporate profits fading at the end of 2016, high equity prices raise the odds of a correction. Meanwhile, higher U.S. interest rates have hurt bond values, causing paper losses for pension funds, insurance companies and retirees who rely on fixed-income investments. A Bank of England study said global markets had delivered the lowest interest rates in 5,000 years of recorded history. Bouncing off that bottom could rock the financial system. 11. Artificial intelligence and personal assistants Alexa, will Apple release a voice-powered assistant for the home? Apple isn’t saying, yet consumers can expect the battle for the household to heat up among tech superpowers in 2017. Artificial intelligence will play a deciding role in which companies win or lose. Now that Amazon’s Echo is a public success story, Google is trying to transfer its search-giant smarts to the living room through Google Home. The biggest question mark is whether Apple will tap the original AI assistant, Siri, to enter the fray. 12. The Beachhead San Diego is following the startup money trail to the Bay Area, where the San Diego Venture Group, with financial backing from the city, will operate a satellite office, dubbed “The Beachhead.” The venue, opening in January, is meant to help local tech businesses secure Silicon Valley-sized funding rounds from top-tier investors. But what can a five-desk office really accomplish in the nation’s tech mecca? We should find out by the end of 2017. 13. Navy Broadway Complex Developer Doug Manchester hopes to begin construction this year on the $1.2 billion hotel-office-retail replacement for the Navy buildings that have dominated the foot of Broadway since the 1920s. Legal problems have stymied construction ever since Manchester won a 99-year lease in 2006, and there’s always a chance of further litigation. 14. Port development Anthony’s Fish Grotto will close at the end of January and then a new Brigantine  restaurant complex will go up next to the Star of India. Further design work and negotiations will take place at the port’s biggest redevelopments, Seaport Village and Harbor Island. And the first draft of a new master plan and environmental analysis will be issued. 15. A new plan for the old library Civic San Diego is expected to announce early in the year who will win the contract to reuse the old Central Library at 820 E St. The building was vacated when the new, much bigger replacement opened a few blocks to the east in 2013. New ideas that have been considered include education, a startup business incubator and commercial uses. 16. Balboa Park The Plaza de Panama no-parking plan has received renewed City Council approval to move forward with building a parking garage south of the Spreckels Organ Pavilion and divert cars from the Cabrillo Bridge via a bypass bridge from the west. But preservationists have filed a new lawsuit on environmental grounds, and supporters still have meet their $30 million target to cover their portion of the $79 million plan; the balance will come from the city. Construction is scheduled to begin later this year, headed for completion in 2019. 17. Commercial real estate With vacancies dropping and rents rising, industrial development is hot with several projects expected to break ground. Office development is facing similar trends, yet a start on major high-rises has yet to announced. The retail sector will see the opening of the Westfield UTC mall expansion, but Westfield’s plans for a major redo to Horton Plaza remain unknown. The Pendry Hotel is opening early in the year in the Gaslamp Quarter, while several others are under construction, ready to start in 2017 or being proposed to meet San Diego’s rising business and tourist traveler demand. U-T staff writers Mike Freeman, Dan McSwain, Phillip Molnar, Rob Nikolewski, Roger Showley, Jennifer Van Grove and Lori Weisberg contributed to this report.   Three must-see headlines  <h1>Chargers fire head coach Mike McCoy</h1> <h1>Restaurants respond to minimum wage hike with surcharge</h1> <h1>Foundation that runs S.D. Fleet Week goes broke</h1>     Chargers fire head coach Mike McCoy Restaurants respond to minimum wage hike with surcharge Foundation that runs S.D. Fleet Week goes broke   See more videos Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Donald Trump San Onofre Nuclear Plant Section 8 (housing) Economic indicators to watch in 2017 Quiz: Test your knowledge of San Diego business news in 2016 What does 2017 hold for San Diego? Chargers Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help 57°
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All TV & Showbiz All TV & Showbiz Bizarre TV Popcorn Music TV Magazine '2016 claimed its final victim' Mariah Carey’s fans vent their disdain online after she suffers on stage meltdown at NYE concert in New York Superstar singer's show in Times Square was ruined by a lip-sync glitch By ELAINE MCCAHILL 1st January 2017, 12:06 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments WE’RE only a few hours into 2017 and Mariah Carey has already ‘broken the internet’ after her disastrous performance at the New Year’s Eve concert in Times Square. The superstar singer botched her performance after suffering a major lip sync glitch and stormed off stage during the live show. Mariah Carey's storms off after lip sync failure during NYE performance Naturally, her fans and detractors alike mercilessly mocked the We Belong Together singer on Twitter with one saying: "2016 has claimed its final victim". Another wrote: "Mariah Carey is me in 2016 trying to pretend everything is okay when everyone knows it's not." A third said: "I think Russia hacked Mariah Carey's microphone. Knock it off Putin, you're taking it a bit too far..." A fourth added: "No matter how hungover you feel tomorrow just know Mariah Carey feels worse ." mariah carey is me in 2016 trying to pretend everything is okay when everyone knows it's not — clairebear (@clairezuro) January 1, 2017 I think Russia hacked Mariah Carey's microphone. Knock it off Putin, you're taking it a bit too far... — Mike Melliza (@TheMelliz) January 1, 2017 With 15 minutes remaining before the New Year, 2016 claimed its final victim: Mariah Carey’s career. — Nic (@nicole_ginzy) January 1, 2017 mariah carey's record label after her performance tonight: pic.twitter.com/vqfCeJJg4z — ㅤ (@explicitlyag) January 1, 2017 No matter how hungover you feel tomorrow just know Mariah Carey feels worse . — Evangeline Demuro (@EvaDeMuro) January 1, 2017 Getty Images - FilmMagic 10 Mariah Carey suffered a New Year's Eve disaster The Hero star was performing a New Year's Eve show in the Big Apple last night, but the show ended in disaster due to a number of technical faults. She opened with Auld Lang Syne and went on to to perform her 1991 hit Emotions, during which the track malfunctioned. She appeared to be having trouble with her monitors before  she was hit by the major glitch. Mariah told the audience: "I'm trying to be a good sport here. Getty Images - WireImage 10 Her set in New York went wrong due to technical glitches Getty Images - WireImage 10 She was ringing in 2017 with a show in Times Square "We didn't have a check for this song... we're missing some of the vocals, but it is what it is. I'm just going to let the audience sing. We didn't have a sound check for this New Year's baby, it is what it is... "Get these monitors on please." She went on to add: "I wanted a holiday too, can't I just have one." Getty Images - WireImage 10 Mariah appeared to grow frustrated while she was on stage Getty Images - WireImage 10 She ruffled some feathers when she eventually walked off Reuters 10 The show was a difficult one for the superstar singer Mariah appeared to be hearing a different track through her ear pieces as she performed We Belong Together, and at the end of the song, she declared: "Bring the feathers, it just don't get any better," before walking off stage. The TV broadcast then cut back to host Ryan Seacrest, who declared: "Mariah Carey there, on our stage. "No matter what Mariah does, the crowd absolutely loves it." After the show, Mariah took to Instagram to post a defiant message shrugging off the disastrous gig. She posted a gif of herself looking stony-faced and wrote in a caption: "S**t happens... Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!... Here's to making more headlines in 2017..." Mariah Carey responds to NYE performance ridicule with bizarre social media post Getty Images - WireImage 10 She put on a busty display in a flesh-coloured leotard Getty Images - WireImage 10 Mariah performed with a number of dancers during the short show Getty Images - WireImage 10 The star seemingly stormed off stage at the end of the set Reuters 10 Her show included energetic dance routines in towering heels Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 The Sun Topics Mariah Carey Music Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in TV & Showbiz er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz ‘I’M HONESTLY BROKEN’ EastEnders star Samantha Womack too distraught to respond to fans as Ronnie dies TV & Showbiz 'THIS IS DISGUSTING' Cheryl's pregnancy is 'confirmed' in tweet - but all is not what it seems and fans are fuming TV & Showbiz What happens next? EastEnders' Max Branning wakes up to a horrifying discovery following death of Roxy and wife Ronnie TV & Showbiz life's a beach Nicole Scherzinger writhes around in the sand as she soaks up the sun on trip home to Hawaii TV & Showbiz NEW YEAR, NEW WALLPAPER? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson flashes abs in sexy selfie... but fans are distracted by something else TV & Showbiz Most Popular ALL CHANGE? From better wages to more expensive motoring... the new laws coming your way this year Living er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz All grown up! Remember Lauren Branning from EastEnders? Here's what she looks like now Living dear deidre I'm having incredible sex with my stepmum and she says she's going to leave my dad to be with me Living Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz NYE TRICK Here's how a mum tricked her kids into thinking it was midnight at 10:30 last night, so she could go to bed early Living SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz CHEEKY CHIPPIE REQUEST Cheeky customer puts in order with local chip shop to bring her cold and flu pills... and they oblige Living 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 0° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 UK launch - Samsung is building AirPods for its next phone, sources say Samsung Galaxy S8 UK launch - Samsung is building AirPods for its next phone, sources say SAMSUNG is hard at work on a brand-new pair of wireless earbuds to launch alongside its highly-anticipated new flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S8, sources has claimed. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 12:06, Sun, Jan 1, 2017 | UPDATED: 12:22, Sun, Jan 1, 2017 APPLESamsung Galaxy S8 is shaping-up to be the phone to beat in 2017 Samsung will launch a pair of lightweight bluetooth earbuds – similar in design and functionality to the Apple AirPods – alongside its highly-anticipated new phone, sources have claimed. However, wireless earbuds are nothing new for Samsung. The South Korean launched its Gear IconX headphones in the UK earlier this year. The small bluetooth earbuds include a small touchpad to control music playback. Gear IconX is also smart enough to track your physical activity and give updates on essential data from speed, distance and duration to heart rate and calories burnt via a dedicated voice guide. The wireless earphones, which boast 4GB of internals storage for around 1,000 music tracks, are more fitness-focused than rival Apple's take on the future headphones. SAMSUNGGear IconX tracks your physical activity while you listen to music According to SamMobile, sources with knowledge of Samsung's product roadmap say the South Korean company will launch a new pair of wireless earbuds alongside the Galaxy S8. However it is currently unclear whether the earbuds will be sold separately, like the IconX brand or AirPods, or whether instead they will be bundled in the box with the highly-anticipated flagship smartphone. The Samsung Galaxy S8 is widely rumoured to ship without a traditional 3.5mm headphone jack – like the Apple iPhone 7. That means Samsung will want its customers to either jump to USB-C headphones or wireless ones. Elsewhere, the Galaxy S8 looks set to debut the fruits of Samsung's acquisition of Viv Labs – the startup company formed by the creators of voice assistant Siri. APPLEApple AirPods incorporate voice assistant Siri, as well as a five-hour battery life Samsung is rumoured to incorporate its new voice assistant Viv in its next flagship smartphone. However that could also help its wireless headphones. Apple AirPods allow users to access voice assistant Siri, thanks to the inclusion of beam-forming directional microphones. AirPod users can dictate messages, request songs, make phone calls, ask for directions, and more.  Samsung could mirror this functionality – as well as include its own exclusive features – with its rumoured wireless earphones. Last month, Apple CEO Tim Cook hailed the AirPods as a "runaway success". APPLEApple's AirPods automatically connect when you pop-open the case by an iPhone "We're making them just as fast as we can," he told CNBC during a visit to the New York Stock Exchange. That's success Samsung will surely want to replicate. Meanwhile, Samsung Galaxy S8 is shaping-up to be the phone to beat in 2017, if the latest rumours around the device are to be believed. Following the disastrous launch (and subsequent recall) of the Note 7, Samsung is clearly hoping to blow-away critics and customers alike. According to the sources speaking to AndroidPolice, Samsung will completely ditch capacitive buttons from the next Galaxy S smartphone in favour of software navigation keys. Two capacitive keys flanking an elongated home button have long been a staple of Samsung phone and tablet design. CURVED LABSCapacitive keys will be ditched in favour or on-screen software keys, rumours suggest CURVED LABSAdditionally, Samsung is looking to implement 3D Touch-esque pressure-sensitive technology Now it appears Samsung customers will need to become accustomed to pressing on-screen virtual buttons. There is an advantage to moving away from physical keys. It is believed the decision to ditch the capacitive buttons will allow Samsung to reduce the bezels at the bottom of the device. This will allow the South Korean firm to bring the high-resolution display to the very edge of the chassis – like it currently does with the curved S7 Edge screen. This dramatic change in industrial design will be sure to differentiate the Galaxy S8 from older Samsung devices and competitors. As for the physical home button – which currently doubles as a fingerprint sensor – Samsung will most likely move this to the rear of the device. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in pictures Wed, February 24, 2016 Everything you need to know about the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, in pictures below. Play slideshow Express Newspapers 1 of 11 Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge - A camera view of the new Samsung However there is some dispute from sources within Samsung about the exact placement. This uncertainty does not extinguish an earlier rumour that Samsung was looking to embed the fingerprint sensor functionality into the device’s rumoured 2560×1440 display. The Galaxy S8 is expected to launch in two models, one with a 5.1 inch dual-curved display, the other with 5.5 inches – the same screen sizes as the Galaxy S7s. Unlike the Galaxy S7 range, there will be no separate curved Edge model. Instead, both smartphones will have the curved display. The latest report from AndroidPolice also reiterates previous rumours that Samsung will nab one of the headline features of the latest generation iPhones – 3D Touch. Samsung hopes to add a pressure-sensitive feature like the 3D Touch functionality that Apple debuted last year with the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The South Korean company will implement the technology with its new on-screen navigation buttons, which users will reportedly be able to customise. Samsung will have to adapt the Android operating system itself, since the mobile software has not yet been updated by Google to support the technology. Rumours of Android manufacturers looking to jump on the pressure-sensitive bandwagon first came to light more than a year ago when Synaptics issued a press release touting that it had developed a ClearForce touchscreen display controller capable of measuring varying levels of pressure. Like Apple following the launch of the iPhone 6S, Samsung will be reliant on third-party developers to embrace the pressure-sensitive technology and update their apps to support it. Related articles WhatsApp 2017 BLOCK - How to back-up chats, transfer your contacts ... Facebook is NOT telling YOU everything it really knows about you WhatsApp could STOP working for you TODAY - Chat app to drop support iPhone 7 Latest videos French government accused of HIDING arson attack stats as almost 1,000 cars set on fire Celebrity Big Brother 2017: ‘It was made for me’ James Jordan talks shock return 'IT WON'T HAPPEN!' Donald Trump rubbishes Kim Jong-un's nuclear missile threat to the US The Archers: Terminally ill Sara Coward asks for Caroline Sterling replacement after death Gary Barlow's Let It Shine EXPOSED: Contestants BANNED from talking to judges backstage Why Facebook is NOT telling YOU everything it really knows about you Surface Phone REVEALED - Leaked photos claim to show Microsoft new phone WhatsApp might STOP working for you TODAY - Chat app dropping support for THESE phones KickAssTorrents is BACK (and this time - it looks like it's here to stay) iPhone update may bring new iOS 10.3 'dark' mode, new control centre shortcut iPhone 7: Apple sales are NOT as good as hoped, report claims Best fitness apps, fitness trackers and smartwatches to help you lose weight in 2017 Android 7.0 Nougat UPDATE comes to OnePlus 3 and 3T - Release date for OS upgrade REVEALED Bank Holiday 2017 DEALS - UK price crash for Apple iPad, Microsoft Surface Pro 4, 4K TVs West Ham v Man United live stream: how to watch Premier League online Leicester City vs Middlesbrough Live Stream - How to Watch Premier League Online WhatsApp 2017 BLOCK: Back-up chats, transfer contacts to your new phone after support ENDS Microsoft might finally ditch one of the most annoying features in Windows 10 Samsung Galaxy S8 - UK release date, Edge display, no buttons, 3D Touch features rumoured Watford vs Tottenham Hotspur Live Stream - How to Watch Premier League Online Arsenal vs Crystal Palace Live Stream - How to Watch Premier League match online Internet SHUTDOWN - Google plans 'leap second' to avoid New Years Eve internet BLACKOUT New Years Eve 2016 - How to bring some FIREWORKS to your Facebook News Feed BEWARE - the Government is now RECORDING everywhere you click online Uber New Years Eve - How to avoid surge pricing and getting ripped off this NYE SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 3rd January 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Nature Weird Obituaries Science Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Golf Tennis Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney What New Year's Eve celebrations look like around the world by Selena Larson   @selenalarson December 31, 2016: 10:30 AM ET Ringing in 2017 around the world From livestreaming video to new smartphone features, 2016 brought us more ways to capture and share experiences. And when the ball drops on New Year's Eve, we'll all likely grab our mobile devices to do just that. We're taking a close look this year at how cities around the world are saying goodbye to 2016 and hello to 2017 -- and the photos that capture those moments. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) has partnered with 15 photographers, based in countries such as Australia, Italy and Mexico, to highlight the festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices. Related: Apple AirPods review: Do they actually stay in your ears? For example, travel writer and iPhone photographer Samah El Ali's stunning photos show off the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge fireworks from The Royal Botanic Gardens in Australia. The final photo will come from photojournalist John Lehmann shooting the party scene in Vancouver. Here's a look at what's been captured by Apple's selected photographers so far. Australia @poeticwordvomit / iPhone 7 Japan @sasurau / iPhone 7 Singapore @phonenomenon / iPhone 7 Hong Kong Waison Lee / iPhone 7 China Han Song / iPhone 7 Taiwan @little149 / iPhone 7 India @sephibergerson iPhone 7 United Arab Emirates @aalrais / iPhone 7 Austria @tirolerben / iPhone 7 Italy Iceland Mexico New York Canada CNNMoney (San Francisco) First published December 31, 2016: 10:30 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Repealing Obamacare affects everyone Bitcoin tops $1,000...highest level in 3 years UK starts countdown to new £1 coin Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The 10 best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China’s online scalpers leverage e-commerce skills to earn money  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Donald Trump China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign US election: Trump v Clinton China Briefing Hongcouver Occupy Central Hong Kong bookseller disappearances G20: Hangzhou Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies China’s online scalpers leverage e-commerce skills to earn money PUBLISHED : Sunday, 01 January, 2017, 7:37pm UPDATED : Sunday, 01 January, 2017, 10:52pm Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail An unlikely beneficiary of China’s Internet Plus strategy may be scalpers who are using online technologies to make money. Anecdotal evidence shows that a rising number of young mainland Chinese, some of whom already have jobs, are using online purchases to nab products coveted by cash-rich residents, ranging from iPhones to concert tickets. But their goal is not to own the items themselves, but resell them to die hard fans at a premium. “Internet Plus strategy is a great strategy,” said Zhu Xiaoni, 30, a Shanghai white-collar worker who also conducts online scalping. “If you have a good command of the skills for online shopping you can make easy extra money.” Zhu has a faith in the proverb that goes: Early birds catch the worms. When Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hit stores in China on September 16, Zhu woke up early and jumped onto the internet. “In a digitised era, you don’t bother to rush to the stores and queue up for the first batch of iPhones,” she said. “You use your nimble hands to grab them online.” Despite limited supply during the initial sales of the trendy new smartphones, Zhu and her husband, a state-owned company employee, managed to successfully secure one iPhone 7 Plus. Zhu advertised the “trophy” on WeChat, Tencent’s instant messaging service, before selling it to an enthusiastic iPhone fan for 8,000 yuan, 800 yuan more than the retail price. Some wealthy mainlanders who can’t afford the time to queue up for commodities they strongly desire are willing to pay a premium to own them. In a digitised era, you don’t bother to rush to the stores and queue up for the first batch of iPhones, Zhu Xiaoni, Shanghai white-collar worker Products that are in severe short supply also create opportunities for people like Zhu who are moonlighting as scalpers. In fact, they don’t feel uncomfortable being called “scalper” and give a credit to their nimble hands and sharp minds. “It’s not an easy job. In many cases there are just few fish in a big pond,” she said. “You have to react very quickly, on the spur of the moment, to successfully secure the products.” Tickets for Shanghai concerts staged by Hong Kong pop singer Jacky Cheung Hok-yau sold out a few minutes after online ticket bookings opened. On the black market, a ticket with face value of 680 yuan now tops 1,400 yuan. “The internet has changed people’s lifestyle, and more big changes will take place,” said Joe Zhou, another online scalper who lives in Shanghai. “It looks like your skills and experience in e-commerce can create added value for you and your family.” The Chinese leadership has been calling on businesses to better use internet technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence to improve efficiency in manufacturing and commerce. However, there is no reporting mechanism on the mainland to gauge the size of the online scalping business. “But businesses and investment funds shouldn’t underestimate the potential of it,” said Yang Xiaodong, chief executive of Greenland Financial Services. “It’s a lifestyle that a group of youngsters choose to pursue and it’s likely to be a big trend.” This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: How scalpers thrive on Internet Plus strategy   Most Popular Viewed 1 What’s really behind Thailand’s hostility to Chinese tourists? 2 The Machines are Coming: Asia’s lead role in future of AI 3 Why 2017 will be Asia’s year for artificial intelligence 4 Chinese investors making smarter decisions when buying US homes 5 Hong Kong elite fails to grasp the extent of public anger Shared 1 What’s really behind Thailand’s hostility to Chinese tourists? 2 The Machines are Coming: Asia’s lead role in future of AI 3 Why 2017 will be Asia’s year for artificial intelligence 4 Commonplace new year resolutions are old hat – think microbiome 5 Chinese investors making smarter decisions when buying US homes Commented 1 How Singapore has become a garden city, but Hong Kong hasn’t 2 The five best Hong Kong restaurants we tried in 2016 3 How to guide a teenage girl through body image issues 4 China’s invisible children battle to recover lost years 5 The eight hottest health food trends for 2017       You may also like Asia Australia kicks off global new year party 1 Jan 2017 - 12:48am Streaming devices that bring your TV back to life In partnership with: HKT PREMIER World Russia will not expel anyone in response to U.S. actions, Putin says Dec 31st 2016, 9:17am Emerging digital solutions to an ‘age-old’ challenge Brought to you by: InvestHK Hong Kong Painting or porcelain? Thatcher was eager to please China’s Zhao Ziyang 30 Dec 2016 - 11:49am 3 Hong Kong Former arts hub chief questions HK$3.5b museum deal 31 Dec 2016 - 4:07pm 12 Culture Property, sex, nudity, the MTR - your top 10 stories of 2016, and ours 29 Dec 2016 - 8:16am World Trudeau’s party was told donor was China graft suspect: leaked email 29 Dec 2016 - 10:22pm 6 Post Magazine China back on two wheels in bike-sharing revolution 29 Dec 2016 - 12:34pm 2 Hong Kong British army returns to Hong Kong for ceremonial training 29 Dec 2016 - 11:15am 42 Asia Japan Ad agency head resigns over 'death by overwork' Dec 30th 2016, 11:59am Hong Kong Time to accept reality – we’re a city in decline and it’s our fault 27 Dec 2016 - 4:42pm 122 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Technology Tech startups to make your life more slick, secure and stylish in 2017 Our tips for the companies set to make waves in the new year, from a disruptive banking startup to the budget smartphone taking on Samsung and Apple A stylist works at Thread, the UK fashion startup that uses AI in addition to human expertise. Photograph: Thread Alex Hern @alexhern Sunday 1 January 2017 07.00 EST Last modified on Sunday 1 January 2017 07.29 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This year was a mixed bag for startups. Powa Technologies, an e-commerce company that was one of Britain’s so-called unicorns (a startup valued at over $1bn), crashed hard, declaring bankruptcy early in 2016. US wearables company Pebble sold to Fitbit for less than a 10th of its peak valuation. But on the plus side, Europe minted – foaled? – 10 new unicorns, and Finnish gaming company Supercell became the continent’s first “decacorn” (a startup valued at over $10bn). But for some startups, the year ahead is nothing but hopeful. Here are some of the companies that look set to have a 2017 they will remember for some time. Monzo Banking startup Monzo launched in 2015, but 2017 is set to be a turning point for the fintech darling. For the first 18 months of its public operation, Monzo has been limited in what it can offer customers by British banking regulations, forcing it to operate as little more than a pre-paid debit card with a (very slick) app. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Monzo beta card. Photograph: Alex Hern for the Guardian But early next year, Monzo should receive a full banking licence, allowing it to operate as the main bank account for users who want to switch their financial life over to a startup wholesale. Crucially, the license gives it access to the direct debit and faster payments system, allowing users to pay bills from their Monzo accounts – and be paid into their accounts. The banking licence also means the company can start making money for the first time. Users will be able to request an overdraft facility on their Monzo current accounts, with the fees paid being the first revenue the startup will pull in. In the long term, though, don’t expect it to settle for overdraft fees: Monzo wants to be Facebook for money. Thread Facebook Twitter Pinterest Thread’s trick is a clever mixture of human stylists, AI assistants and tools. Photograph: Thread Fashion tech startup Thread is trying to solve the problem of styling at scale. It’s a tricky beast: your style is an inherently personal thing, yet for any startup to avoid burning money, it needs to come up with a way to efficiently pick clothes for thousands of customers at the same time. Thread’s trick is a clever mixture of human stylists, AI assistants and tools that let both work together to deliver a semi-personalised collection of outfit ideas to every customer. It means that each human stylist is able to provide five outfits a week to somewhere in the realm of 80,000 people, with Thread’s sartorial suggestions improving the more data it has on each member. Despite its data-driven back end, though, the stylists’ fashion sense still shines through. Still to come: womenswear, which has been on the backburner owing to the vast increase in complexity for women’s fashion. Automata Robotics startup Automata has its background in architecture: the company’s founders spent 10 years working in Zaha Hadid’s studios. There, they learned the value of robots for simple repetitive tasks, but also the prohibitive cost of most of the machines available on the market today. The fruits of their labour will arrive in 2017: a low cost robotic arm, which the company hopes will give robotics its “iPhone moment”. It can be programmed by simply moving the arm, showing it the movements it needs to carry out. Those motion points are stored, and used to automate the task. The company has is set on automating low-skilled, repetitive manual labour. Rather than going for scale, however, it’s focusing on smaller companies that would love to automate their business but can’t afford the capital costs. Open Whisper Systems Open Whisper Systems is never going to become a unicorn, or make its founders rich, but it could be the startup that has the most effect on the coming year. The non-profit group is in charge of the development of iPhone app Signal, an encrypted messaging service that has Edward Snowden’s seal of approval. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Where Signal differs from most secure chat apps is its ease-of-use. Photograph: Signal Where Signal differs from most secure chat apps is its ease-of-use: the app feels very similar to everyday services like WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger. In fact, WhatsApp also offers encryption, and borrowed the basic code wholesale from Signal. That’s fine, because Open Whisper Systems makes everything it does available under open-source licences, which allow others to reuse the code as they see fit. It also lets anyone with the technical knowhow examine the app to make sure it does what it says it does. Downloads of Signal spiked in the days after Donald Trump’s election, as many realised that a far-right demagogue would soon be in charge of the world’s most advanced surveillance apparatus. Hopefully, that will prove to be an abundance of caution, but if not, the app could be a lifesaver. OnePlus Facebook Twitter Pinterest Carl Pei, co-founder of OnePlus, in 2015. Photograph: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Hardware is hard. It’s not enough simply to code something and release it to the world. You need to actually build the stuff, too. So it’s extra impressive that Chinese startup OnePlus has managed to rise to be one of the best smartphone manufacturers in the world in just three years and five phones. And it 2017, it hopes to take third place in the global smartphone market, by units shipped, placing it square behind Samsung and Apple. It’s a big goal, but the smartphone maker could pull it off. It chases the premium end of the budget market – or the budget end of the premium market – by making phones that compete favourably with the flagships such as Samsung and Google, but with price tags hundreds of pounds lower. CCP Icelandic games company CCP hardly counts as a startup. Founded in 1997, the company is best known for its first and flagship game, Eve Online, a space-faring massively multiplayer game, which has been running continuously for 13 years. Eve remains a huge business, and recently went free to play in an effort to entice more users to jump into the galaxy of New Eden, but CCP’s big bet is in a different realm. Two Eve spinoffs, Valkyrie and Gunjack, have led the pack of virtual reality-based games. Gunjack, a turret shooter, is one of the more popular games on simple VR platforms like Google’s Daydream. Eve Valkyrie, meanwhile, is a full-blown multiplayer space combat sim, throwing the player into chaotic dogfights around the rusting hulks of dead spaceships. Both games have been well-received, leading to interest from potential buyers mooting a €900m price-tag. More features Topics Apps Mobile phones Banking Robots Encryption Games Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apps Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-01-02, 22:59 TIMELINE: The battle for Aleppo Following are key dates in the battle for Syria's Aleppo where fierce fighting resumed on Wednesday in a blow to hopes for the peaceful evacuation of the last rebel-held areas. Cape Town Tuesday 18-22°C Sunny. Cool. 3 day forecast Wednesday 17-26°c Sunny. Mild. Thursday 20-24°c Sunny. Mild. Friday 20-25°c Sunny. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business BizNews FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 Games GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   Istanbul attack overshadows New Year festivities 2017-01-01 14:04 Gallery  |  click on thumbnail to view larger image WOW! 17 New Year fireworks celebrations around the world 2017 New Year celebrations illuminated the skies across the globe. Take a look. What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links No reports of South Africans in Turkey nightclub massacre - Dirco 'We walked on top of people' says Istanbul attack survivor Dozens killed in Istanbul nightclub attack New UN chief urges New Year resolution: 'Put Peace First' New Year revellers defy terror alerts to see in 2017 Australia kicks off global New Year party defying terror threat WOW! 17 New Year fireworks celebrations around the world view Los Angeles - A horrific attack that killed at least 39 revellers in an Istanbul nightclub cast a dark shadow over New Year celebrations attended by millions around the world to ring in 2017. The shooting massacre, carried out by a gunman reportedly dressed as Santa Claus, took place despite heightened security in major cities around the world, amid fears that celebrations could present a target for terrorists. Many of the victims of the attack on the Reina nightclub, one of Istanbul's most exclusive, were foreigners. "The attacker - in the most brutal and merciless way - targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun," Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said. US festivities  In New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, security was very tight. When the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's iconic crossroads, revellers screamed with glee and couples kissed as fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. Out west, tens of thousands gathered in Grand Park in Los Angeles to enjoy live music plus inflatable sculptures and a 3-D light show. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight, referring to his campaign slogan "Make America great again". Following truck massacres in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7 000 police and dozens of garbage trucks to secure the festivities from similar attacks. "It's the best place in the world to be on New Year's Eve," said Alma Alanis, a lawyer from Mexico, who was on holiday in New York. - GALLERY: 17 fireworks celebrations around the world Sydney kicked off celebrations attended by some 1.5 million people with a spectacular fireworks display that lit up its harbour. Crowds in Hong Kong also flocked to the waterfront to watch fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour, while in Tokyo thousands packed the streets to release balloons into the air. Celebrations swung into Europe with the night sky over Moscow's Red Square literally painted red by the fireworks. And around half a million people thronged Paris's famous Champs-Elysees, where the Arc de Triomphe was lit up with a colourful countdown to 2017 and the word "welcome" in dozens of languages. Under the watchful eye of some 2 000 military police, around two million people watched a fireworks display on Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana Beach that while impressive was shortened this year due to a severe economic crisis. Year of political shocks  The night was the last in a year of political shocks, from Britain's vote to leave the European Union to the election of Trump in the United States. It has also been a year of celebrity deaths from David Bowie to Prince and Muhammad Ali. 2016 was also a year of bloodshed and misery that has seen the war in Syria, Europe's migrant crisis and numerous terror attacks dominate the headlines. The violence continued on Saturday, with twin bomb blasts killing at least 27 in a busy market area in central Baghdad. But this did not stop people from flooding the streets of the Iraqi capital to celebrate and families in evening dress headed to swanky hotels for parties. In the shattered Syrian city of Aleppo, 20-year-old student Abdel Wahab Qabbani was also determined to see in 2017 in a positive frame of mind. "The last two years, I didn't go out for New Year. This time, I'm going to party," he said. Extra security  But revellers everywhere did have to contend with reinforced security measures. There were some 2 000 extra officers in Sydney after a man was arrested for allegedly making online threats against the celebrations. Following the deadly attack on a Berlin Christmas market on December 19, the German capital beefed up security, deploying extra police, some armed with machine guns. However, visitors seemed undeterred by recent events as they gathered under a freezing Berlin sky for a series of concerts ahead of a midnight fireworks display. Paris saw fireworks again, after muted 2015 celebrations following the massacre of 130 people by jihadists in the French capital. In London, more than 100 000 people lined the banks of the River Thames to watch a spectacular 12-minute fireworks display set to a soundtrack featuring music by Bowie and Prince. Mayor Sadiq Khan proclaimed that despite the vote for Brexit, "London is open to the world". Revellers got one extra second to enjoy the night's festivities. At the stroke of midnight, there was a "leap second" decreed by the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service to allow astronomical time to catch up with atomic clocks that have called the hour since 1967. Read more on:    turkey  |  us  |  new year Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X Snap! Selfie-seeking tourist bitten by Thai croc 2017-01-02 08:51 Inside News24 Cutest celeb babies! 5 celebutots that stole our hearts. Dressing for big boobs How to dress when you’ve been gifted with a full cup. The world's best NYE celebrations WOW! 17 New Year fireworks celebrations around the world. 2016's best 4x4 bakkies Cyril Klopper rates the best of the best 4x4 bakkies of 2016. 50 movies every woman should watch We present our ultimate list of “chick flicks” every girl child needs to see in no particular order. 9 family flicks! Watch these movies right now! 6 ways to access matric results Get your teen's matric results quickly and easily in a number of different ways. 6 cool places for kids Run out of ideas to keep the kids busy these holidays?   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Most Read News In Your Area Top Lifestyle Double drama sees packed Strand beach cleared What DStv learnt from an Appletiser can German couple robbed and assaulted while on holiday in Wilderness – NSRI Witness describes freak accident that claimed CT surgeon's life Couple raped, forced to have sex before being robbed More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Elgar reaches new heights after 'frustrating' time Proteas: batting gremlins still lurk Stormers blow as Taute extends Munster stay As it happened: Proteas v Sri Lanka, Day 1 Former SA soccer star saves man's life on New Year's Eve, despite breaking his leg - report The world's best NYE celebrations 7 Tips for making Insta-worthy cocktails on New Year's Eve Top 10 best/worst automotive moments in 2016 Cutest celeb babies! 6 fashion trends that need to die in 2017 /News 'Work hard; have fun!' - Class of 2016's tips for future matrics Book flights Compare, Book, Fly From: Departure Date: To: Return Date: Travellers Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Newlands 20:38 PM Road name: TEST CRICKET Camps Bay 21:58 PM Road name: Victoria Road More traffic reports PowerBall, Plus Friday December 30 results 2016-12-30 21:04 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Tax Administrator Cape Town Hire Resolve R12 000 - R15 000 Per Month Banking Clerk Cape Town SET R95 000 - R108 000 Per Year Cashier Merchandiser Cape Town Layla Placements R33 Per Hour Browse more Cape Town jobs... Northern Cape Jobs Johannesburg Jobs Cape Town Jobs Accounting Jobs Mining Jobs Call Centre Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] APARTMENTS / FLATS FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Claremont Apartments / Flats R 6 250 000 APARTMENTS / FLATS FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Clifton Apartments / Flats R 65 000 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Camps Bay Houses R 15 000 000   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2017 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center By Anthony Bouchard, Jan 1, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment As many of us use our iPhones a whole lot more than others do, we find ourselves combating the ongoing issue with conserving battery life, and that’s why Apple introduced a handy little feature known as Low Power Mode. Although it’s useful at times, it still requires you to dig through the Settings app to get to it, which is not only cumbersome, but also inconvenient. To fix that problem, a new free jailbreak tweak made especially for iOS 10 called CCLowPower will let you enable Low Power Mode via a new toggle button in Control Center. As shown above, the new toggle button appears at the far right of the top of Control Center. It’s the button with what looks like a solid dot in the center. When toggled on, the Low Power Mode button appears green, but it appears just like any other disabled toggle button whenever it’s turned off. Because launching Control Center requires nothing more than a simple swipe up from the top of your display, it’s far more convenient to use this toggle method rather than having to navigate to Settings → Battery → Low Power Mode (or use the 3D Touch shortcut to it) every time you want to save a little extra juice. CCLowPower is a pretty simple tweak and what you see is essentially what you get; there are no confusing settings to configure. After installing it on your device, you’ll see the new toggle button in Control Center immediately and can start using it. Because CCLowPower only works for iOS 10, those of you who are jailbroken on iOS 9.3.3 with Pangu are out of luck. The look and feel of Control Center was completely changed in iOS 10, so it wouldn’t be very easy to port to the older operating system in its current form. The iOS 10 jailbreak is currently in beta, so we recommend holding off for the time being, but if you’re already jailbroken, it looks like there are a number of awesome tweaks to try on iOS 10 already and several more are still to come. You can grab CCLowPower for free from Cydia’s BigBoss repository. What are your thoughts about CCLowPower? Share in the comments! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless Related Topics Battery, Control Center, Cydia, iOS, iOS 10, iPhone, Jailbreak, Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks, Low Power Mode, Review Barrios Daniel Cydia repo?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Search for: Southington Observer Search for: Main menu Skip to content Features Good Times Local News Schools Bus Routes Neighbors Obituaries Police Sports Sports Hall of Fame Sub menu E-Edition Contact Us Forms Privacy Policy Town Pages RSS Place an Ad Subscription Community news, Library Photographer John Atashian is January artist at the library by jgoralski • January 1, 2017 • 0 Comments John Atashian John Atashian is often seen working at local venues such as the Apple Harvest Festival, ESPN, UConn Health Center and Central Connecticut State University. The concert photo display includes prints from a collection he created last year to promote his book, “The Ultimate Photo Book of the World’s Greatest Guitarists.” Atashian will have his book available to purchase at the Meet the Artist Reception, Thursday, Jan. 5, 6:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.  The book is the first in a series of books that Atashian plans to publish highlighting the singers, comedians, drummers, and bassists he has photographed over his 37 year career. Atashian’s photo exhibit will be on display in the month of January at the Gallery at the Library. Atashian is the January artist of the month. The Gallery is open to the public during regular library business hours, Monday through Thursday 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Friday and Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.  Related Tags: Artist of the Month John Atashian photography Southington Public Library Post navigation ← Scoreboard: Sports results on Wednesday, Dec. 28 Sarah Cyr is artist of the month at The Orchards → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Recent Posts Knights of Columbus earn Star Council Award Mysterious explosion reported in Southington and neighboring towns Obituary: Julia (Palmieri) Hackett, 83 Obituary: Jean (Nardi) Meola, 81 Obituary: Richard E. Elliott Sr., 80 Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (4)SERVICE DIRECTORY (3)REAL ESTATE - RENT (13)NOTICES (2)MERCHANDISE (7)EMPLOYMENT (9) Special Sections See All Ads See All Ads Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Southington Observer Bristol Observer Plainville Observer Other Observer News Knights of Columbus earn Star Council Award Knights of Columbus earn Star Council Award Mysterious explosion reported in Southington and neighboring towns Mysterious explosion reported in Southington and neighboring towns Mysterious explosion reported in Southington and neighboring towns Obituary: Margaret B. Wilson, 88 Plainville Dems to meet Jan. 11; council vacancy on agenda Town announces Christmas tree disposal services Council Christopher stepping down: Family moving to Southington Police blotter for Dec. 30 Winter wonderland: Officials hope early snow is a good sign Veterans Center gets Christmas miracle At the epicenter of the North Carolina political maelstrom Police blotter for Dec. 30 St. Paul boys storm over Woodland Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 Southington Observer. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
BUSINESS What to buy (and skip) in January January sales Sam Hodgson / Bloomberg With Christmas in the rearview mirror, retailers are anxious to get rid of holiday merchandise and other old inventory. With Christmas in the rearview mirror, retailers are anxious to get rid of holiday merchandise and other old inventory. (Sam Hodgson / Bloomberg) Courtney Jespersen If finding deals is your New Year’s resolution, January is a great time to start. For those who want to make saving money a priority in 2017, here are recommendations for what to buy (and skip) this month based on NerdWallet’s analysis of historical sales cycles. Buy: Christmas decorations The period after Christmas has long been the best time to buy Christmas decorations. You may scoop up some post-Christmas deals on Dec. 26, but come Jan. 1, there will still be a handful of artificial trees, red ornaments and shiny wrapping paper spilling over in store clearance aisles. Stock up on holiday closeouts if you have space to hang onto extra tinsel until December. Skip: Smartphones You can’t always time your smartphone purchase. If your trusty iPhone has seen better days, it may be time for something new. But if you’re planning an upgrade in the not-so-imminent future, consider waiting a while longer. Prices on existing phone models tend to go down whenever a new phone is released. For Apple phones, the sweet spot is usually September after the company’s annual keynote product announcement. As for Samsung, tech enthusiasts speculate the Galaxy S8 could arrive around April. Buy: Televisions The end of football season marks the beginning of television deals as retailers help shoppers prepare for viewing parties. The Super Bowl will air Feb. 5, but retailers probably will kick off sales at the end of January — making it an excellent time to score a bargain. In 2016, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Amazon and others discounted a wide variety of TVs in assorted brands and sizes ahead of the big game. Look for similar savings again in 2017. Skip: Toys Toys were hot during the holidays; if you haven’t heard of a Hatchimal, you’ve probably been living under a rock. But with Christmas over, January isn’t likely to see many worthwhile toy deals. The good news is that your little ones may be set for a while after all of their December gifts. Buy: Fitness gear January is a solid time to sign up for a gym because many chains offer special New Year’s rates. But don’t spend that money unless you’re sure you’ll use the membership. All too often, new members lock themselves in for a full year, then stop showing up after a month or two. Skip: Mattresses Great deals on mattresses will come in February, when Presidents Day sales bring discounts. Presidents Day is Feb. 20, so hold off for a month if you’re in the market for a new mattress. Or if February is too soon for your budget, mattress deals will be back again in May over Memorial Day weekend and in September over Labor Day weekend. Buy: Bedding You might not want to buy a new mattress, but you can save on the sheets and blankets that go on your existing mattress. January is the month when department stores host “white sales” to clear out their existing inventory of sheets, towels, blankets and more. Expect savings to be especially deep on clearance items. Last year, several stores offered 60% to 70% off bedding basics. Caption 90 seconds: Goodbye to 2016. Hello, 2017 The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. Caption 90 seconds: Goodbye to 2016. Hello, 2017 The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. Caption How does a city official make more in retirement than when he was working? In El Monte, a city in the San Gabriel Valley, a bonus pension approved by the city council in 2000 generates a big bill for taxpayers. Here's how it works. In El Monte, a city in the San Gabriel Valley, a bonus pension approved by the city council in 2000 generates a big bill for taxpayers. Here's how it works. Caption Federal scientist links global warming and human activity Ben Santer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory east of San Francisco has become more vocal over the years in hopes of beating back claims that climate change isn’t real.  Ben Santer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory east of San Francisco has become more vocal over the years in hopes of beating back claims that climate change isn’t real.  Caption Car plunges off 3rd Street overpass onto 110 Freeway A woman is dead after the car she was driving rammed through a guardrail on a downtown overpass and plunged onto the 110 Freeway, prompting the closure of northbound lanes Thursday morning. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) A woman is dead after the car she was driving rammed through a guardrail on a downtown overpass and plunged onto the 110 Freeway, prompting the closure of northbound lanes Thursday morning. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption Child abuse in the military: The short, sad life of Rylan Ott Military and state authorities failed to save a 2-year-old boy from abuse. Military and state authorities failed to save a 2-year-old boy from abuse. Courtney Jespersen is a staff writer at NerdWallet, a personal finance website. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times USC kicks last-second field goal to beat Penn State, 52-49, in the Rose Bowl Rose Parade's floats brighten a gray day Quake swarm near the California-Mexico border gets scientists' attention Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 54°
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska Restaurant Mobile App Release Set to Change the Face of Restaurant Mobile Apps   View as PDF  Print View    BuildMeTheBestApp.com releases information on how its new Restaurant Mobile App will change things in the Mobile Apps for Businesses space for the better. Further information can be found at www.BuildMeTheBestApp.com. Indiana, United States – January 1, 2017 /PressCable/ — Earlier today, BuildMeTheBestApp.com announced the launch of its new line of business mobile apps with its new Restaurant Mobile App set to go live Dec. 30, 2016. For anyone with even a passing interest in the world of Mobile Apps for Businesses, this launch will be worth paying attention to as it’s set to shake things up. Currently, with even a passing glance, a person will notice that mobile app developers are not transparent about their prices and / or features. The Owner and Founder at BuildMeTheBestApp.com, Tony Gonzales, makes a point of saying “things are going to change when the new Restaurant Mobile App launches.” Tony Gonzales continues… “Where you’ll always see our competitors doing the same old thing, we will develop and publish a native (Android / Apple / HTML 5.0) mobile app that focuses on growing the restaurant and making it more efficient. We do this because we believe mobile apps need to be tied to a restaurant’s return on investment (ROI). Ultimately, this is going to be a huge benefit to our customers because this will help the restaurant as they will see not only how the mobile app will increase revenue but also improve efficiency and customer service as well.” BuildMeTheBestApp.com was established on Dec. 30, 2016. It has been doing business for quite some time by building websites since 2008, and it’s recently collected a team of app developers that have years of experience building quality native mobile apps for businesses. This new angle is aimed to give restaurant owners everywhere — especially those small restaurants that compete with the big boys — a competitive edge over their competition with a cutting-edge mobile app that could help them realize an ROI that very month they purchase their restaurant mobile app. Currently, the closest thing to a restaurant mobile app now is seeing how mobile app providers and developers charge $5,000 or more for a single mobile app, but BuildMeTheBestApp.com’s Restaurant Mobile App has improved upon this model by offering a fixed price for a feature-packed mobile app that restaurant owners can profit from on day one. This alone is predicted to make BuildMeTheBestApp.com’s Restaurant Mobile App more popular with customers in the Mobile Apps for Businesses space very quickly. Once again, the Restaurant Mobile App is set to launch Dec. 30, 2016. To find out more, the place to visit is www.BuildMeTheBestApp.com For further information about BuildMeTheBestApp.com, this can be discovered at www.BuildMeTheBestApp.com For more information, please visit http://www.BuildMeTheBestApp.com Contact Info: Name: Tony Gonzales Organization: BuildMeTheBestApp.com Address: P.O. Box 832, Indiana, 15701-0832 United States Release ID: 158156 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Roku TCL Smart UHD TV Fire Stick Discount Electronics Online Store Launched (Sun 1st Jan 17) Targeted App Rating Increase Ranking Downloads Real Time Alert Service Launched (Sat 31st Dec 16) Iconic Africa Launches East African Safaris Fostering Surging Area Popularity (Sat 31st Dec 16) ProAstro.com Launched Catering to Surging Belief in Astrological Science (Sat 31st Dec 16) Enlist Launches Recruitment Mobile App Geared Toward Evolving Hiring Landscape (Sat 31st Dec 16) CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious An attack in Istanbul on New Year’s Eve kills at least 39 people Next PostNext 2017 New Year Blazer! Join DearMob's Campaign to Win Swift Free HD Video Software Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices By Anthony Bouchard, Jan 1, 2017 Tweet 9 Comments Picture in Picture mode is a type of multitasking that was introduced with iOS 9 so you could complete other tasks while simultaneously watching video. Unfortunately those with iPhones, iPod touches, and even some models of iPad can’t use it because it’s restricted to certain models of iPad only. A new jailbreak tweak called ForceInPicture is now available in Cydia that will enable Picture in Picture mode on all unsupported devices, so long as you’re running iOS 9 or iOS 10 on them. For what it’s worth, another jailbreak tweak dubbed Pegasus did pretty much the exact same thing and was launched in October of 2015, but it also came with a $2.99 price tag. ForceInPicture, on the other hand, is completely free. Because Picture in Picture mode is programmed into iOS, all devices already have the capability built into them. Apple has merely disabled it on unsupported devices because of potential performance and screen size issues. After you install ForceInPicture, you will be able to invoke Picture in Picture mode with the dedicated button in the stock media player of iOS. This doesn’t work in all video players, such as in the third-party one in the YouTube app from the App Store, so keep that in mind. Once you tap on it, you’ll be able to close the app you’re in with the Home button and the video will remain above your Home screen icons, where you can continue to watch it and open another app instead. You can tap and drag to move the video elsewhere on your screen so you can tap anything that may be hiding underneath it, and to really make some more room, you can completely move out off to the side of the screen and you’ll see an arrow like you do below, which lets you bring it back into view whenever you’re ready: Picture in Picture mode was designed for larger displays, and I was testing it on an iPhone 5s in this review, so things did feel a little cramped. I assume it would feel a lot more comfortable to use on a larger display, such as an iPhone 7 Plus or an unsupported iPad model. While it wasn’t exactly comfortable on this tiny 4-inch display, it did nevertheless work just fine. As far as performance is concerned, I really don’t experience any sluggishness while using the tweak. I assume this is because it’s utilizing Apple’s own Picture In Picture mode code, which is optimized to use Apple’s hardware to its full potential. ForceInPicture doesn’t have any options to configure, so there’s nothing to set up after installation. If you’re interested in giving it a try, you can download it on your jailbroken iOS 9 or iOS 10 device right now from Cydia’s BigBoss repository. Are you going to be enabling Picture in Picture mode on your unsupported iPhone or iPad? Share in the comments below. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Cuttlefish tints 3D Touch menu backgrounds on the Home screen to match the app color Evanesco brings out your Home screen wallpaper whenever your device sits idle EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard SmallVolumeStep lets you set a custom number of volume steps Related Topics Cydia, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 9, iPad, iPhone, Jailbreak, Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks, Multitasking, Picture in Picture, Review, Video Michael Bemelmans All these beautiful jailbreak tweaks and I’m stuck on my 7 Plus iOS 10.2 -_- Nuff Said Why did you upgrade? Michael Bemelmans My 7 Plus was extremely buggy and laggy, app’s for my alarm and other stuff where crashing. I tried a clean restore of iOS 10.1.1 but that didn’t help so I updated to 10.2 that did the trick. So I’m hoping on a jailbreak on iOS 10.2 or above, but I guess we’ll be out of luck? Nuff Said I doubt we’all see a jailbreak for an actual CURRENT firmware in a long time. Michael Bemelmans Let’s hope apple implements a lot of new features from the jailbreak community, would help a lot Bayu Murti I don’t know why but both this tweak and Pegasus ain’t working in my device. No additional button and when I close it just close. Anthony Bouchard The tweak only works with Apple’s media player. What app are you trying to use it in? Joe Monteverde I use Mirmir snipey36 rip VideoPane, that worked for any video source with no performance sacrifices what so ever   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News World War II Nazi tech may lead to ultra-secure bank cards Gionee firm on manufacturing plans post demonetisation Business Standard Istanbul attack overshadows New Year festivities AFP  |  New York  January 1, 2017 Last Updated at 13:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USXPb2 ALSO READ Kenenisa Bekele wins Berlin Marathon, misses world mark IS behind Berlin truck attack: jihadist-linked agency Moscow aims to thwart Berlin-style truck attacks In show of defiance, Berlin Christmas market reopens Islamic State claims Berlin Christmas market attack An attack that killed 39 revelers in an Istanbul nightclub overshadowed New Year celebrations around the world to ring in 2017. The massacre stoked fears that large crowds of people cramming into major cities could present a target for violent extremists. Festivities in New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, apparently went off without a hitch, however. Security was very tight. Revelers screamed with glee and couples kissed at the raucous instant when the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's ionic crossroads. Fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight. Following truck attacks in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7,000 police and dozens of garbage trucks to prevent vehicles from crushing the crowd. "It's the best place in the world to be on New Year's Eve," said Alma Alanis, a lawyer from Mexico with her companion, Eduardo Chavarria. They arrived at midday and spent hours waiting for the big moment. Sydney kicked off celebrations attended by some 1.5 million people with a spectacular fireworks display that lit up its iconic harbour. Crowds in Hong Kong also flocked to the waterfront to watch fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour, while in Japan thousands packed the streets of Tokyo to release balloons into the air. Celebrations swung into Europe with the night sky over Moscow's Red Square literally painted red by the fireworks. And around half a million people thronged Paris's famous Champs-Elysees, where the Arc de Triomphe was lit up with a colourful countdown to 2017 and the word "welcome" in dozens of languages. Under the watchful eye of some 2,000 military police, around two million people watched a fireworks display on Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana Beach that while impressive was shortened this year due to a severe economic crisis. The raucous celebrations drew to an end a year of political shocks, from Britain's vote to leave the European Union to the election of maverick leaders like Trump in the United States. It has also been a year of celebrity deaths from David Bowie to Prince and Mohammed Ali. 2016 was also a year of bloodshed and misery that has seen the war in Syria, Europe's migrant crisis and numerous terror attacks dominate the headlines. The violence continued yesterday, with twin bomb blasts killing at least 27 in a busy market area in central Baghdad. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Berlin PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 3 lakh health coverage at Rs 11 per day Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online The Power of the Hybrid Cloud Istanbul attack overshadows New Year festivities An attack that killed 39 revelers in an Istanbul nightclub overshadowed New Year celebrations around the world to ring in 2017. The massacre stoked fears that large crowds of people cramming into major cities could present a target for violent extremists. Festivities in New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, apparently went off without a hitch, however. Security was very tight. Revelers screamed with glee and couples kissed at the raucous instant when the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's ionic crossroads. Fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight. Following truck attacks in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7,000 police and dozens ... An attack that killed 39 revelers in an Istanbul nightclub overshadowed New Year celebrations around the world to ring in 2017. The massacre stoked fears that large crowds of people cramming into major cities could present a target for violent extremists. Festivities in New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, apparently went off without a hitch, however. Security was very tight. Revelers screamed with glee and couples kissed at the raucous instant when the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's ionic crossroads. Fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight. Following truck attacks in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7,000 police and dozens of garbage trucks to prevent vehicles from crushing the crowd. "It's the best place in the world to be on New Year's Eve," said Alma Alanis, a lawyer from Mexico with her companion, Eduardo Chavarria. They arrived at midday and spent hours waiting for the big moment. Sydney kicked off celebrations attended by some 1.5 million people with a spectacular fireworks display that lit up its iconic harbour. Crowds in Hong Kong also flocked to the waterfront to watch fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour, while in Japan thousands packed the streets of Tokyo to release balloons into the air. Celebrations swung into Europe with the night sky over Moscow's Red Square literally painted red by the fireworks. And around half a million people thronged Paris's famous Champs-Elysees, where the Arc de Triomphe was lit up with a colourful countdown to 2017 and the word "welcome" in dozens of languages. Under the watchful eye of some 2,000 military police, around two million people watched a fireworks display on Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana Beach that while impressive was shortened this year due to a severe economic crisis. The raucous celebrations drew to an end a year of political shocks, from Britain's vote to leave the European Union to the election of maverick leaders like Trump in the United States. It has also been a year of celebrity deaths from David Bowie to Prince and Mohammed Ali. 2016 was also a year of bloodshed and misery that has seen the war in Syria, Europe's migrant crisis and numerous terror attacks dominate the headlines. The violence continued yesterday, with twin bomb blasts killing at least 27 in a busy market area in central Baghdad. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Istanbul attack overshadows New Year festivities An attack that killed 39 revelers in an Istanbul nightclub overshadowed New Year celebrations around the world to ring in 2017. The massacre stoked fears that large crowds of people cramming into major cities could present a target for violent extremists. Festivities in New York, where a crowd estimated at nearly a million people packed into Times Square, apparently went off without a hitch, however. Security was very tight. Revelers screamed with glee and couples kissed at the raucous instant when the traditional ball dropped at the Big Apple's ionic crossroads. Fireworks lit up the sky and the voice of Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York" rang out. President-elect Donald Trump sent his best wishes to the American people. "Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA," Trump tweeted at the stroke of midnight. Following truck attacks in Berlin during Christmas and in Nice over the summer, New York deployed some 7,000 police and dozens of garbage trucks to prevent vehicles from crushing the crowd. "It's the best place in the world to be on New Year's Eve," said Alma Alanis, a lawyer from Mexico with her companion, Eduardo Chavarria. They arrived at midday and spent hours waiting for the big moment. Sydney kicked off celebrations attended by some 1.5 million people with a spectacular fireworks display that lit up its iconic harbour. Crowds in Hong Kong also flocked to the waterfront to watch fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour, while in Japan thousands packed the streets of Tokyo to release balloons into the air. Celebrations swung into Europe with the night sky over Moscow's Red Square literally painted red by the fireworks. And around half a million people thronged Paris's famous Champs-Elysees, where the Arc de Triomphe was lit up with a colourful countdown to 2017 and the word "welcome" in dozens of languages. Under the watchful eye of some 2,000 military police, around two million people watched a fireworks display on Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana Beach that while impressive was shortened this year due to a severe economic crisis. The raucous celebrations drew to an end a year of political shocks, from Britain's vote to leave the European Union to the election of maverick leaders like Trump in the United States. It has also been a year of celebrity deaths from David Bowie to Prince and Mohammed Ali. 2016 was also a year of bloodshed and misery that has seen the war in Syria, Europe's migrant crisis and numerous terror attacks dominate the headlines. The violence continued yesterday, with twin bomb blasts killing at least 27 in a busy market area in central Baghdad. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Briefs SCMP Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Tue, January 3, 2017 | 12:14    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Briefs> Posted : 2017-01-01 17:51 Updated : 2017-01-01 19:05 LG vows to enter AI robot business By Yoon Sung-won LG Electronics plans to enter the artificial intelligence (AI)-based robot business, it said Sunday. The nation's second-largest electronic maker said it will unveil three new robot devices at the upcoming Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2017 in Las Vegas this week, to keep pace with IT giants such as Google, Apple, Samsung Electronics and Naver. As the CES has been North America's largest consumer electronics fair, the event has rapidly been evolving into a platform where the latest technologies such as AI and autonomous driving draw more diverse industries such as the automotive industry. The three new robots include a home "Hub" robot that works like a butler connecting smart home appliances, a gardening robot and one that helps people in public places such as airports. Based on AI technology, the robots will be able to learn the effective routes to move from one place to another in actual environments and how to deal with given tasks, the company said. As LG Electronics has established a solid presence in the global home appliances market, the company has long been expected to release robots based on AI technologies, working to connect diverse home appliances for user convenience. In line with such expectations, the company has accumulated technologies regarding robot vacuum cleaners and autonomous driving with plans to connect them to robot platforms. The company also said it will gradually expand to the public sector, not just the business-to-consumer (B2C) sector in the robotics industry. "In the robot business, we plan to start from home robots and expand to ones used for public services," a source from LG Electronics said. yoonsw@ktimes.com   Celebrities to return from military in... Footballer Kwon Kyung-won to join Chin... 'Stun gun' hoists Asia high in UFC JYJ's Jae-joong to hit concert trail K-pop star So Chan-whee to wed bass pl... Top male singers, bands return to stage 1. Conglomerates shift key business words for new year 1. Choi Soon-sil's daughter arrested in Denmark 2. Heavy air pollution brings health warnings 3. Korean actor sues Tesla for 'sudden acceleration' accident 4. Korean reporter instrumental in Chung Yoo-ra's arrest in Denmark 5. President denies all allegations 6. Korean navy plane drops REAL MISSILES into East Sea 7. Choi Soon-sil's daughter caught in Denmark 8. Another Foreign Ministry official indicted for sex-related crime 9. K-pop star So Chan-whee to wed bass player 10. Ban Ki-moon finishes 10-year term as UN chief | Discounts on a range of fitness equipment are offered at Lotte Mart ... Hana Financial Group Chairman Kim Jung-tai, front row center with a ... Kim Dong-hyun, right, punches Tarec Saffiedine of Belgium in th... La Rochelle’s Fijian center Levani Botia, center, runs with th... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes    
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Saenuri's interim chief condemns Park loyalists The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Instagram solidifies position in Korea   Published : 2017-01-01 18:35 Updated : 2017-01-01 18:35 Photo sharing mobile platform Instagram is continuing to grow as it enters its seventh year. Instagram’s launch in October 2010 signaled a new era for photography. Pioneering the smartphone photo taking and sharing frontier, Instagram was one of the very first apps to introduce readymade photo filters that rendered Photoshop near outdated. Korea’s online giant Naver quickly followed up with homegrown Pholar, but it failed to catch on. With Instagram, casual snaps taken on mobile phones can be transformed into artistic images and instantly shared with the world. Readymade photo filters transform mobile snaps into art works. (Lim Jeong-yeo/The Korea Herald)Originally limited to iPhones only, Instagram’s user community nonetheless swelled to 1 million within two months of its release. Around a similar time in 2011, the number of monthly active users spiraled to 10 million and skyrocketed to 300 million by the end of 2014. In December 2016 the total number of MAUs amounted to 600 million, according to the company. As for Koreans, data compiled by Instagram in March showed that there are over 6 million active users here. The application has now become an ingrained part of Koreans’ lifestyle. In 2014, the National Institute of Korean Language picked “Mukstagram” as one of the most noteworthy new words of the year as it defines “the act of posting photos of the food one is having on social media.” Albeit the feathered description referred to social media at large, the suffix “-stagram” unmistakably highlighted Instagram. In 2011 Apple made the app the iPhone App of the Year. Four months later a brand new version was launched for Android devices. Soon after that, Instagram was acquired by Facebook for $1 billion. According to Facebook Korea’s Communications Manager Sean Park, Facebook and Instagram create separate yet mutually complimentary types of social media. While Facebook allows interactions between friends and close acquaintances, Instagram links people who would otherwise be irrelevant to each other if not for their common interests. Facebook content centers around text with photos, videos and article links. But for Instagram, everything revolves around images and videos. Hashtags that usually accompany Instagram content serve as search words for people who navigate the platform for visual information on where to eat, what products to purchase and places to visit -- all the content is trusted to have been tested and proven by those who have experienced it. The application makes sure its users get the information they want by using algorithms that act as a “mobile concierge.” It tailors the content exposed to the users to show them what they want to see based on their previous footprints on the web.  Instagram tailors its contents for each individual users. (Photo provided by Instagram) Instagram is continuously adding more filters, stickers and special effects. It has recently added zoom-in features for photos, as well as extending the time limit on the videos from the previous 15 seconds to 1 minute. Direct messaging between users is new, too. Instagram spinoff applications Boomerang, Hyperlapse and Layout aids faster and easier editing for photos and videos. Boomerang helps create a video that plays endlessly by reverse-playing the clip, Hyperlapse makes time lapse filming easy and Layout helps stick as many as nine photographs together in a single frame. Park said the app will continue to evolve in 2017. While Instagram carefully choreographs its developments, there are some that even its own developers did not intend or foresee. Now that it has almost conquered the field of self-expression, Instagram is turning in to a burgeoning marketplace where people trade secondhand goods and handmade crafts. People who enjoy a prominent presence on Instagram are now what the “power bloggers” of search portals Naver and Daum used to be in Korea. Instagram accounts with a large number of followers are given gifts from merchandisers to promote their products on social media. Blogs still maintain a reputable position in the online marketing industry but their powers are waning in the face of more accessible social media that is not limited to one individual country but is dispersed throughout the world. Park said Instagram does not inhibit users from pursuing economic activities on the social media platform, as long as the contents they post up are authentic and not offensive. By Lim Jeong-yeo (kaylalim@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Saenuri's interim chief cond... 2. Amid NK threats, acting pres... 3. Advances by small carmakers ... 4. Constitutional Court set for... 5. FDI in S. Korea hits fresh h... 6. Int'l air cargo at Incheon a... 7. Economic growth not leading ... 8. S. Korea extends travel ban ... 9. Acting president says bird f... 10. Public workers' pay increase... 1. Chung Yoo-ra arrested in Den... 2. Political turbulence casts s... 3. Trump says North Korean ICBM... 4. South Korea has fastest grow... 5. 1,000 days 6. Suspicious deaths’ surround... 7. India remians the fastest g... 8. Another tumultuous year for ... 9. Samsung Electronics urges dr... 10. GS Group vows to diversify b... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska Oomi Smart Home Receives Innovation Honor – Preorders Begin in February Oomi Home Kit To be selected again as an honoree, along with some of the most innovative consumer technologies, is a wonderful testament to our efforts and we can’t wait to finally share Oomi with everyone Chicago, Illinois (PRWEB) January 01, 2017 For the second year in a row Oomi, the smart home system from Fantem Inc., has been named a CES Innovation Award Honoree. Products entered in this prestigious competition are judged by a preeminent panel of industrial designers, independent engineers, and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronic products. Oomi’s patent pending Tap-and-Touch™ technology sets Oomi apart from other systems by allowing for effortless setup. Oomi incorporates NFC technology (the same tech behind Apple and Android Pay), so adding any of the more than fourteen Oomi accessories to the system is as simple as a hand shake. At the core of the system is Oomi Cube, a hub with unrivaled functionality, and Oomi Touch, the dedicated home controller equipped with both a 7” touch screen and tactile controls. Oomi Cube detects temperature, humidity, and light so users can use it to track the internal conditions of their home while it keeps watch with its integrated camera. It also functions as an IR remote control so it can send a signal to a TV or other compatible devices. With Oomi, users will be able to control, monitor and automate their homes with ease. “When we embarked on this journey to create Oomi we were driven by the notion that the smart home wasn’t smart unless it was made for everyone,” said Colin Marshall, Vice President at Fantem. “We knew that status quo wasn’t going to move the needle; we would have to do something completely different. To be selected again as an honoree, along with some of the most innovative consumer technologies, is a wonderful testament to our efforts and we can’t wait to finally share Oomi with everyone.” The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)TM, the producer of CES 2017, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies. Products chosen as CES Innovation Honorees reflect innovative design and engineering in some of the most cutting edge tech products and services coming to market. Entries are evaluated on their engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace and unique/novel features present. At CES, Fantem’s Oomi will be on exhibition in the Smart Home Marketplace located in Sands Exposition. CES will run from January 5th-8th, 2017, in Las Vegas, Nevada. Oomi is currently shipping to the backers of its record breaking Indiegogo campaign and will begin taking preorders in February with delivery late Spring 2017. The Oomi Home Kit, which includes Oomi Cube, Oomi Touch, Oomi Infinity Dock, 2 Oomi Bulbs, and an Oomi Plug will list for $599. Share article on social media or email: CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious National Debt Relief Talks About The Importance Of Credit Utilization In Credit Scores Next PostNext Exoskeleton Technology News Announces Launch of New Website Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, January 2, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Home Opinion Column: If we knew what things cost, they might cost less print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Column: If we knew what things cost, they might cost less By Noah Smith / Bloomberg View Published Jan 1, 2017 at 12:02AM The U.S. is a place where the big things — health care, infrastructure and asset management to name a few — just cost too much. Price transparency is an underrated tool for bringing down those costs. In economics classes, we teach something called the law of one price — the cost of the same good or service shouldn’t be much different for different buyers. In some markets, that law holds very well — the differences in the prices different traders pay for a share of Apple stock at any given time, for example, are tiny. But in other markets, the law doesn’t hold well at all. For example, until the rise of internet pricing services like TrueCar, auto salesmen could figure out how to get some buyers to pay much more for the same car than others — a technique known in econ as price discrimination. Because car buyers didn’t know what other buyers paid, they had no way to know if they were getting a good deal or not. They could find out only by laboriously shopping around. Now, the price transparency brought by the internet is probably eroding dealers’ gross profit margins, to the benefit of consumers. A lot of people hope that the magic of price transparency can score even bigger gains in other areas, like health care. When it comes to medical and hospital care, almost no one has any idea how much they’re actually paying — you’re never told prices up front, and most of it is just billed directly to your insurer. That’s a clear incentive for overcharging — we’ve all heard the horror stories of the $1,000 hospital toothbrush. This problem is pervasive throughout the industry — health care quality rarely has any measurable relation to cost. The same scan or procedure can cost three to five times as much in one hospital as in another down the street. Money is getting shoveled in with little regard to necessity, which is probably a big reason that the U.S. pays about twice as much as other rich countries for the same quality of care. Unfortunately, transparency just isn’t working at the consumer level. There have been a flurry of state laws to mandate price disclosure to patients, and a blizzard of new apps — and websites that let buyers compare prices. But they aren’t doing it. Study after study says that patients just don’t shop around based on price, like consumers usually do. That might be because services are so expensive that most patients will reach their deductible, and patients don’t believe purchasing cheaper services will lead to lower premiums in the future. Or it might be because of lock-in effects, in which people are loath to ditch their existing providers. But elsewhere in the industry, transparency seems to have a much bigger effect. For example, a recent study by Matthew Grennan and Ashley Swanson found that when hospitals joined a benchmarking database, which shows what other hospitals paid for a service, they end up paying a lot less for medical devices. This is similar to how internet services help car buyers avoid paying steep prices at dealerships. Unlike health care customers, businesses such as hospitals and car dealers have every incentive to focus on cutting costs, have good knowledge about quality, and probably have little emotional attachment to a particular seller. Therefore, business-to-business transparency is more effective than transparency at the consumer level. Where else might price transparency be effective? One possibility is infrastructure. It costs the U.S. much more than countries in Europe and Japan to build the same train track or road. No one knows why. It’s probably not due to the usual suspects of unionized labor, environmental regulations or land acquisition costs — those constraints are actually more severe in most of the countries where infrastructure is much cheaper. It might be that the U.S. contracting process is just incredibly inefficient. Better price transparency might lead to more competitive bidding for construction contracts. That would benefit the entire nation, which needs an infrastructure upgrade. Another example is asset management. Americans pay huge percentages of their lifetime wealth in fees to fund managers, despite getting returns that are often no higher than those available in cheap passive index funds. If investors received regular invoices for those fees, they might start to shop around more, and pay greater attention to whether their financial adviser or retirement-plan manager is worth the extra cost. If the U.S. is going to get out of the low-productivity doldrums, it would certainly help to attack opaque pricing. In this case, sunshine might turn out to be the best medicine. — Noah Smith is a Bloomberg columnist. 16028024 View next article in Opinion     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Special coverage: OSU-Cascades opens in Bend Great Outdoors: Recently submitted pics from readers Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Opinion Janet Stevens column: Don’t risk friendship over a sweater 12/30/2016 If you’re a knitter or crocheter, you may have been asked — ... more Editorial: Disclosure policy will be important with body cameras 01/01/2017 Bend Police Chief Jim Porter is rethinking whether to equip his officers ... more Editorial: Legislature should focus on increasing housing 12/30/2016 Oregon House Speaker Tina Kotek is no fan of a new proposal ... more Editorial: The Salem way takes another victim 12/27/2016 State Rep. Knute Buehler, R-Bend, should take his removal from the legislative ... more Editorial: Legislature should opt out of forced opt in 12/31/2016 The Oregon Retirement Savings Plan, created by the 2015 Legislature, is supposed ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Gadgets The Observer New Year revolutions: four gadgets for a better you Want to improve your fitness, sleep better or start making music this year? Our writers put the latest gadgets – and their New Year resolutions – to the test Sleek and futuristic: Alfie Packham tries out the Oakley Radar Pace Glasses. Photograph: Antonio Olmos for the Observer Alfie Packham, Miranda Sawyer, Tess Riley and Emma Graham-Harrison Sunday 1 January 2017 02.00 EST Last modified on Sunday 1 January 2017 02.02 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Oakley Radar Pace Glasses, £400 The goal I’ve always envied people who can run properly, but being a beer slob I can only manage about two miles without dry heaving. My aim is to at least double that distance within a month. The method A £400 pair of sunglasses. The Oakley Radar Pace glasses look like any sports eyewear – sleek and futuristic – but with the novel twist of a voice-activated coaching system. They are adorned with removable earphones, three microphones and a clutch of internal sensors for real-time updates on your run or bike ride. These are delivered, Siri-like, with the vocal prompt “OK, Radar”. The sunglasses are paired with an app on which you can customise a training plan based on your fitness levels. I chose the beginner setting, opting for some extra focus on improving my endurance. There are two other programmes available – speed and maintenance. And so my first session begins with a stilted exchange. “OK, Radar,” I say, “what’s my workout plan for today?” Radar tells me I am to do a four-minute warm-up, followed by an easy 1.5-mile run. Radar doesn’t give me any specific warm-up advice, so I improvise some stretches. And then we’re off. The verdict During each run I received regular updates on my pace, power, stride length and more. This abundance of data lends itself to a kind of gamification as you’re encouraged to log it all on the app and beat your previous record. The glasses were comfortably light and ergonomic, with minimal sliding or shaking as I thudded along the pavement. The only notable discomfort was my self-consciousness as I ran through busy parks while breathlessly exclaiming “how long left?” like a 2016 doomsayer. The draw here is the technology’s flexibility and responsiveness: I was caught off-guard at one point when I was told to “use shorter, quicker steps as you run”. The personalised planner is easy to use and surprisingly motivational. Whenever I missed a session, it was promptly rescheduled to a later date – no flaking out allowed. Motivation is important, I found, if you take up running in December. Of course, the price tag will deter casual joggers like me, and the lenses aren’t available in prescription form, which seems a shame. But for the distance‑running dataphiles of this world – who are the real target audience here, after all – they’ll go down well. Of the array of nerdy features to play with, my favourite was taking phone calls wirelessly from my pocket. You can also play music through the earphones and link the glasses to other devices such as heart-rate monitors or foot pods. Given that most activity is tied to your mobile, the specs aren’t the most “wearable” of wearable technologies. But after being guilt-tripped by my coach for a couple of weeks, and once I’d become used to the relentless pain in my legs, my new routine became almost enjoyable. I even managed to crawl to my four-mile goal – without retching, I can report – and I might just continue into the new year. Alfie Packham Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘I resolve to make a track, perhaps one that involves loops and beats’: Miranda Sawyer with the Roli Lightpad Block. Photograph: Katherine Anne Rose for the Observer Roli Lightpad Block, £169.95 The goal The goal, says my editor, is for me to create my first single. “Single!” I laugh to myself. “How out of date!” I resolve to make a track instead, perhaps one that involves loops and beats. Maybe a few squelchy acid noises. Yodelling (optional). That kind of thing. Whether I can do it is another question. Anyone who listens to music a lot understands that making music is difficult. Even if your approach is “no talent DIY” – which, of necessity, mine will be – you either need mad innocence or mad bravery to create tunes that sound good, and I haven’t been innocent or brave for many years. The method A new instrument that looks like a muscle-bound drinks coaster. Meet the Roli Lightpad Block, and its companions the half-sized Loop Block and Live Block. This little system is made by the same company that invented the tech-piano Seaboard, which won many awards. I like the way the Blocks look: they’re perfectly pocketable and nice to click together. When I first get them, in packaging very similar to Apple’s (at the moment, you can only get Roli Blocks to work with iOS), my kids are excited: they think the Rolis are new phones. Once they get over their mild disappointment, we get the Lightpad up and flashing, and connect to the free Noise app. And we start enjoying ourselves, making sounds by stroking and poking and sliding our fingers around the Lightpad. It has a series of square LED lights – think 1980s disco dancefloor – that you can play, and the Noise app, which visually mirrors the Lightpad, has an interesting collection of sounds, including Trap Drum, Old-School House Bass and Moraz Lead (Jean-Michel Jarre, essentially,). The big deal about the Lightpad is how it responds to your touch: supposedly it can recognise how as well as where you touch it, which means you can use your fingers to express a mood. This was the USP of the Seaboard, too: the idea that you can get a piece of tech-ery to respond to you playing it with feeling. It’s a nice idea. Swirl your finger quickly around the pad for one type of sound, prod it for another. Unfortunately, for an amateur like me, this doesn’t really work. Every time I get a sound I like on the Lightpad, and try to record it as a loop, I can’t repeat it exactly. It makes me feel hamfisted, rather than piano-fingered. The two extra blocks replicate the functions on the Noise app. You don’t really need them. And actually, as the Lightpad itself makes no sound at all, you don’t really need it either. The sound comes out of your phone. In fact, we soon discover that you can do everything the Roli Blocks offer on the Noise app. The blocks are just add-ons. Am I missing something? I don’t quite see the point of this. Especially as my iPhone screen proves to be more touch-responsive than the Lightpad. I persevere, but keep forgetting to charge up the Lightpad. It goes back in the drawer, and we play on the Noise app instead. But that, too, becomes limited after a while. There are a lot of sound options, but only four drum tracks, oddly. Plus, the recording is really irritating. I try to record more than one sound over each other (overdubbing, get me) and the app won’t do it. And there is no way of recording anything outside the app, such as your voice, or an actual real-life instrument. YouTube offers up a few professional musicians who appear to enjoy the Roli Blocks. And there are others, including RZA and Grimes, who have been signed up to promote Roli. I notice, though, that unless they’re playing live, the musicians often combine them with their existing studio set-up. Amateurs like me are left stabbing frustratedly at their phone, and, really, who needs a soundtrack for that? In my head, I’ve already got a sarcastic tuba player parping along. (He’s always there.) The verdict The Roli Lightpad costs £170. If you buy everything you’re meant to (two Lightpads, plus Loops and Live), you’ll spend almost £500. Very expensive for a setup that has nice aspects – it fits into your pocket, it clicks together, it’s instinctive, it’s pretty – but is locked into Apple. You can only share your recorded musical efforts via the Noise app, not on to SoundCloud. As a musical device, the Blocks work much better for live messing about than they do as a recording device. And even then, if you were a musician, you’d probably have more fun if you combined them with something else, like a microphone. The Noise app is a laugh, though. Try that. Miranda Sawyer Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Are my feet in the right place?’ Tess Riley in action. Photograph: Karen Robinson for the Observer TRX Home Gym, £149 The goal I was never sure what core strength was. Then my fiance had a skateboarding accident, slipped a disc and spent months on painkillers before an enlightened GP balked at his repeat prescription and recommended core strength training instead. In support, I vowed to join him yet have failed to maintain my side of the bargain, which requires me to actually turn up to the gym, not just sign up to it. The TRX Home Gym promises to help you build your core “anywhere, anytime”. Could this be the answer? The method The TRX training kit consists of two adjustable straps, joined for suspension at one end, with handles at the other – apparently simple stuff that engages multiple muscle groups as you leverage gravity and your body weight to row, lunge, lean, push and pull. I started sceptical – it’s just a couple of straps! – but took it all back by day three as my muscles started to ache. To use the TRX at home, I envisaged needing to bolt something either side of a door frame or screw a big hook into the wall. In fact, it comes with a padded attachment that anchors it either side of a closed door and a separate strap if you want to go outside. Bar the occasional chilly trip to the balcony, I used it inside. It may be an ingenious design, but I wasn’t so sure about our door frames, which I was convinced would collapse in on me like a scene from a Buster Keaton film. As well as videos guiding you through each exercise, the TRX app provides curated workouts spanning anything from 10 to 30 minutes (add 50% extra time if you’re a beginner), all synced to the beat of whatever gems are lurking in your iTunes account – in my case, very few as it turned out. The verdict The TRX website promises the home gym suspension trainer “allows you to finally find the better you!”. What does that even mean? Marketing slogans like that are my only real gripes though. I’m amazed how much stronger I feel having added less than half an hour (once I got the hang of it) of exercise to my day. The kit’s major upsides are how quick it is to assemble, how easy it is to transport and how simple it is to store. In fact, if I’m not taking it with me I just leave mine slung over the bedroom door now, ready for the morning – it’s harder to walk past than it was to ignore the gym. There were several exercises I couldn’t do, but that gives me something to work on – I wonder what happens when you’re a pro at all of them? Hopefully it doesn’t lose its appeal at that point. The hardest thing I managed was an atomic pushup, which combines alternating pushups (your feet are hooked into the lowered TRX handles) with crunching your knees towards your chest. You’re so busy steading yourself, maintaining momentum and ensuring you can get back up that you don’t realise how much work you’re doing… until you collapse. Don’t be fooled into thinking that won’t happen to you too. Without the app, which you can use to track your progress, I wouldn’t have had a clue what to do. Even with it, I have no doubt there’s much room for improvement. Are my feet in the right place? Do my elbows stick out? A personal trainer would be able to guide you on this; doing it on your own requires a bit of faith, alongside a few repeat watches of the instruction videos. With an increasing volume of research highlighting the importance of exercise to counteract the negative health impacts of sedentary lifestyles, though, I don’t care if I’m not always doing it exactly right. At least it beats going to the gym. Tess Riley Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Overall it helped’: Emma Graham-Harrison with the S+ Sleep Monitor. Photograph: Sophia Evans for the Observer S+ Sleep Monitor, £129.95 The goal So simple and so elusive – a good night’s sleep. I’ve been a bad sleeper all my life. It may even run in the family. My grandmother put together an anthology for insomniacs and used to give me tips on how to get through long, sleepless nights without panicking and making the day to come even worse. It hasn’t been made any better by a job as a foreign correspondent, which involves constant travel, irregular and often unfriendly hours; often, I’m up at 3am for a dawn flight, working long into the night then racing home. The stories I collect and people I meet often linger in my mind long after I have finished writing. So I’m always looking out for something to help me sleep or sleep better. The method The S+ uses sonar to monitor your breathing and movement and with that information calculates whether you are asleep and the quality of your sleep. It seemed a bit less dubious than the apps I’d seen friends try, though some experts suggest sleep-monitoring gadgets have trouble distinguishing the different types of sleep. The machine is a small cube in a brushed aluminium stand, like an iPod for insomniacs. Just plug in, load up the app, key in a few bits of data (your weight, height, age), get some basic instructions (you mustn’t put a phone or a glass of water between you and the sonar, for instance) and you are ready to go. At night, you give the app a handful of details about your day, broadly covering alcohol and caffeine intake, stress levels and exercise, and then hit sleep. The machine can play slightly new-age music in tune with your breathing to help you go sleep and has an alarm that claims to work out the optimum time to wake you up and so avoid grumpiness. In the morning, the app calculates a “sleep score”, based on how long you were actually asleep, and the amount of time it thinks you spent in each sleep stage – light, deep and REM (rapid eye movement). Then in the day it gives you tips on how to rest more effectively or deal with tiredness. The results The hypnotic lullaby function (they call it “relax to sleep”) annoyed me with its tinny sound and options such as “ethereal” and “moonlight” but I have to admit I seem to crash into sleep when I put it on. The alarm was much nicer to wake up to than the usual iPhone setting and I did feel a bit less exhausted and groggy in the mornings when I used it. The sleep tracking may be unscientific but I felt it gave me an interesting insight into my rest (or lack of it). After one night when I got eight hours’ sleep and still woke up feeling exhausted, it suggested I mostly got light sleep, none of the deep or REM rest needed to make up a good night. That made sense and somehow I felt a bit less bad about being tired. The tips, which I had expected to be the most helpful thing about the app, were often irritating, patronising or useless. “Try to keep regular hours” is exactly the type of pointless (for me) generic advice I had expected to avoid. They have so much data, but their algorithms apparently ignore pretty basic variables. “Well done!” it told me one morning. “The amount of times you woke during the night is down!” That may have been true, but didn’t really seem a very helpful reflection on a night’s sleep that began in the early hours of the morning after a boozy wedding and didn’t last more than three hours. Overall, though, it helped my sleep. Knowing I’d get a readout in the morning felt a bit like having someone around to remind me to go to bed, I understood how I felt a little better and the alarm and digital lullaby worked quite well. At £130 though, those seem like quite pricey improvements. Emma Graham-Harrison More features Topics Gadgets Fitness Health & wellbeing Electronic music Sleep Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Gadgets Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Saenuri's interim chief condemns Park loyalists The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Korea braces for next industrial trends in 2017   Published : 2017-01-01 14:53 Updated : 2017-01-01 14:53 Korean businesses’ quest to step closer to future industries is expected to accelerate in the New Year, regardless of the political scandal, the ongoing investigations into dubious business-political ties and the looming presidential election. The year 2016 was an opportunity for general consumers to familiarize themselves with the innovative concepts of technologies. And the year 2017 is likely to see some of these technologies become reality. The convergence of the automotive industry with technology will speed up along with a transition to green cars, amid the growing competition in the battery market and the rising price of oil.  Devices including smartphones and home appliances operated by artificial intelligence will come to the fore, with virtual reality and augmented reality technologies becoming mainstream in the tech world.  The shifting technologies are also expected to affect the retail market with consumers looking for products that offer experience and value beyond a simple price benefit. Go player Lee Se-dol at a press conference at the Four Seasons in Seoul on March 12, 2016 (Yonhap) AI to be next big thing in the tech industry Artificial Intelligence, which astonished the world in a match with the top Go player Lee Se-dol, is expected to become the next big thing in the smart device and appliances industry in 2017.  The nation’s largest tech company Samsung Electronics, which acquired the AI startup Viv Labs in October, seeks to recover from the note 7 debacle with its new AI-based smartphone Galaxy S8, which is set to be unveiled early this year. Viv Labs is the US tech firm set up by Apple’s Siri developers.   Samsung Electronics’ Vice President Rhee In-jong said in October, “Galaxy S8 will be Samsung’s first platform, which adopts AI-based voice recognition technology,” adding that the technology has reached close to the level of the understanding humans.  Korean tech firms -- both smartphone makers and mobile carriers -- are spurring AI development as the technology will ultimately be used to connect and control all home appliances and electronics.  Samsung is set to unveil more advanced AI-based home appliances, which can be connected via Wi-Fi technology and controlled through smartphones, at the upcoming Consumer Electronics Show in January.  LG Electronics is also slated to unveil AI-based home appliances, which adopt deep learning technology at the upcoming show. The deep learning technology enables products to provide customized services and functions by learning users’ habits and surroundings.   The nation’s largest telecom carrier SK Telecom is also upgrading its AI-based speaker NUGU after first launching it in August. This device figures out users’ taste to recommend music, control home appliances and provides customized information such as weather and schedules based on their preferences. Market consulting firm IDC predicted that the global AI market would grow 55 percent on average annually from $8 billion in 2016 to $47 billion in 2020.  Journalists and participants wear the Samsung Gear VR headset at the company‘s flagship Galaxy S7 launch event in Barcelona in February 2016. (Yonhap) AR, VR to gain bigger presence Virtual reality and augmented reality technologies are geared to gain a bigger presence in the tech world in 2017, building upon the landmark developments made in 2016. VR is a technology that completely immerses users in computer-generated virtual worlds via a head-mounted display, while AR technology overlays, or augments, digital images onto a person’s view of the world. The year 2016 saw the release of next-generation VR headsets such as the HTC Vive, the Oculus Rift and Sony’s Playstation VR, which prompted the emergence of thousands of VR video games and mobile apps. The explosive popularity of AR-based mobile game Pokemon Go also highlighted AR’s potential to appeal to the masses on the mobile platform. The two cutting-edge technologies are geared to further advance and draw closer to the public in 2017 as the price of VR headsets further drop to boost the VR gaming sector, and as AR technologies are embraced by more industries. “After several years of hype, the operative reality behind virtual, augmented and mixed digital worlds is set to manifest more fully in 2017,” IHS Markit said in a recent outlook report. The firm expects AR and VR technologies will “advance significantly as Facebook, Google and Microsoft consolidate their existing technologies into more exhaustive strategies.” According to tech market intelligence company IDC, worldwide revenues generated by the AR and VR market will jump from just $5.2 billion in 2016 to more than $162 billion in 2020, as the two technologies expand their applications across diverse industries and services. IDC predicts that revenues generated by VR systems will surpass that of AR-related revenues until 2017, due to rising consumer uptake of VR-based video games and paid contents.  After 2017, AR revenues will grow bigger as AR technology finds mass applications across areas such as healthcare delivery, product design and management tasks, it said. Just about every major tech company in the world has already entered the race to secure its place in the approaching era of VR and AR technologies. In the lead is Facebook-owned Oculus, Google and Microsoft, with Apple and Samsung Electronics working to catch up. Kia's EV autonomous vehicle Soul (Hyundai Kia Motors via Yonhap) Auto industry to face unprecedented race It was a tough year for the auto industry in Korea with an emissions scandal, strikes, low demand and negative growth.  With the auto market expected to continue negative growth next year, carmakers will face unprecedented competition in the industry where automotive and technology are converging rapidly.  South Korea’s largest automaker Hyundai Motor conducted a survey on the most anticipated technology next year. Almost 76,000 of 320,000 voters picked the autonomous driving technology. Although self-driving cars won‘t populate the road next year, most of the major carmakers and tech companies are putting all-out efforts to commercialize the self-driving technology.  The debut of US electric automaker Tesla Motors and Chinese electric car maker BYD Auto will likely boost the EV market in South Korea, giving customers more choice in this growing segment. Tesla is set to open its flagship store in Korea and BYD officially launched its Korean office in Jeju Island in October.  Backed by growing popularity, sport utility vehicles will remain as the silver lining for the sluggish auto market, which is expected to decline 1.2 percent on-year.  Domestic carmakers, especially Hyundai Motor Co and Kia Motors Corp, will face fierce competition in 2017 in the Korean market as imported cars expand its market share. Currently, imported carmakers take up 13 percent of the total market.  Outside Korea, South Korean automakers will struggle to thrive in mature markets, like the US and EU where analysts expect a zero growth next year, and in China where they saw disappointing sales figures in 2016. China’s auto market is expected to grow 4 or 5 percent in 2017 while other developing markets, like Russia and East Europe, will recover from the 2016 slump.  China looms over Korean battery makers For Korea’s major battery makers -- Samsung SDI and LG Chem -- concerns over their performance in the Chinese market are likely to persist next year amid the neighboring country’s stricter rules on providing battery certification.  The two companies have been dealt with a blow after the Chinese government suspended subsidies for electric vehicles using batteries produced by the two firms earlier this year. The two were excluded from the subsidy list as they failed to acquire the battery certification amid tightened regulations in China’s alleged protectionism moves.  Unless China changes its policies, the Korean battery makers are unlikely to see improvement in their business there, the companies said.  “While (the company) had anticipated the EV battery certification process will resume in the third quarter, (the Chinese government) did not carry it out. It is difficult to project an accurate timing,” a Samsung SDI official said in the third quarter’s conference call.  LG Chem shared a similar view.  “The biggest variable for the company’s sales growth for next year is China. If the status quo continues next year, the automotive battery business growth rate will be around 30 percent. If (the certification issue) is solved, the growth rate will possibly jump up to 60 percent.” Amid the higher threshold to the Chinese market, Korean battery makers are seeking to sustain their top position in the global ESS market next year. LG Chem topped the global ESS market share with 21 percent this year, standing at No.1 for two years straight, followed by Samsung SDI with 19 percent. “Amid the three-party competition of LG Chem, Samsung SDI and BYD Auto in the market, Tesla has risen as the new competitor. As the supply amount of the two Korean companies is projected to surpass 2 gigawatt hours next year, the two are likely to make up half of the market in total,” SNE Research forecasted.  LG Chem has made aggressive ESS moves with supplying ESS for California’s largest power company SCE and other European companies.  Experience-focused electronics retailer Electromart at Starfield Hanam (Shinsegae)‘YOLO’ trend to rule retail in 2017 In 2016, the retail sector saw consumers shifting their focus to stores and products that offer value and experience, rather than simply low prices.  Despite the stagnant economy, brands saw consumers reaching for premium and healthy products, packing newly opened malls offering experience-based stores.  In “Trend Korea 2017,” Seoul National University consumer studies professor Kim Nan-do dubbed this the “YOLO,” or “you only live once,” trend.  “Consumers who used to think of restraint as a virtue are now enjoying and challenging themselves each moment, and spending money on simple, clear value,” he said. The most notable examples of YOLO spending can be found in travel, with consumers facing record-low interest rates choosing to spend money on meaningful experiences rather than saving it away. All retail sectors, meanwhile, have seen consumers choosing to open their wallets and enjoy the “here and now.” For example, consumers are buying more decorative products for the home to create better surroundings for themselves. According to the online open market Auction, sales of products like sculptures and music boxes from January to November rose by over 200 percent on-year. Hobby-related products such as classical guitars and model buildings and model airplanes also nearly doubled on-year. The Samsung Fashion Research Institute saw “selfness,” or the importance of brands‘ personalities matching those of consumers, to be a major factor moving the fashion industry in 2017. Starfield Hanam, a shopping mall featuring stores that allow consumers to experience products as well as buy them, saw nearly 2 million shoppers each month since it opened in September. Starfield Hanam’s popularity during a year when department stores struggled to maintain sales indicated that consumers are visiting and spending money at places that have an element of entertainment, rather than simply shopping options.  “In an ‘experience economy,’ it will become more important for brands to find new marketing strategies that can satisfy the now-focused experience consumption of the YOLO consumers,” Kim wrote. By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com), Park Ga-young (gypark@heraldcorp.com), Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com) , Lee Hyun-jeong (rene@heraldcorp.com), Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com)  and Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Saenuri's interim chief cond... 2. Amid NK threats, acting pres... 3. Advances by small carmakers ... 4. Constitutional Court set for... 5. FDI in S. Korea hits fresh h... 6. Int'l air cargo at Incheon a... 7. Economic growth not leading ... 8. S. Korea extends travel ban ... 9. Acting president says bird f... 10. Public workers' pay increase... 1. Chung Yoo-ra arrested in Den... 2. Political turbulence casts s... 3. Trump says North Korean ICBM... 4. South Korea has fastest grow... 5. 1,000 days 6. Suspicious deaths’ surround... 7. India remians the fastest g... 8. Another tumultuous year for ... 9. Samsung Electronics urges dr... 10. GS Group vows to diversify b... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Subscribe Careers with Us Newsletters Advertise with Us Terms of Use Archives Digital edition FAQ Submissions Greenwich photographers’ work on display year-long Things to do in and around Greenwich Pet of the week: Larry Energy audit in Greenwich can benefit Tree Conservancy News Regional National World Politics Were you SEEN? Opinion Science and Technology Election Bob Horton: Malloy administration against funding for New Lebanon High school roundup: Greenwich girls basketball team wins Holiday Norma Bartol: Praise for a preserver of history Girls hockey: Greenwich skates past SWS Sports Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Other High School UConn Fast start propels King basketball team past Brunswick Skyliners Skating team starts season with honors Greenwich seeking second straight State Open swimming title Ridgefield rallies to stun Greenwich in Class LL volleyball Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces New year new career: Local business owners find fulfillment in Water Jewels offers “true luxury” on Greenwich Avenue Trump tax policy: what to consider before 2016 ends Greenwich designer featured on latest Property Brothers episode Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Disney’s ‘Dream Big’ on ice at Bridgeport arena The Alejandro Escovedo Band at Fairfield Theatre Company’s Radio favorite Mitch Fatel at Comix Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Celebrations Celebrate Summer Olives recalled due to ‘quality issue’ Veteran actor Brian Dennehy faces challenge of bleak Beckett play After the ballet Reviving the reputation of British cuisine Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.greenwichtime.com/local/article/Faces-of-Greenwich-Sarah-Layton-10827543.php Faces of Greenwich: Sarah Layton Published 12:00 am, Sunday, January 1, 2017 Photo: Jennifer Turiano / Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Sarah Layton is a tennis fan, both summer and winter. Sarah Layton is a tennis fan, both summer and winter. Photo: Jennifer Turiano / Image 2 of 2 Buy photo Jennifer Turiano Jennifer Turiano Photo: Jennifer Turiano / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Faces of Greenwich: Sarah Layton 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Walking through Greenwich Commons last Tuesday, I ran into Sarah Layton. J: How old are you? S: 38. J: And where in Greenwich do you live? S: I live over on West Putnam. J: So you guys celebrated Christmas this weekend? S: Yeah, well I grew up in Pelham so we were all down in Pelham at my mom’s house. J: Anything super notable or any cool gifts? S: It seemed like the Pokémon stuff was really popular with my niece and nephew. The game Moon and Sun, and then the little Poké bracelets. And we just went to the Apple store in town. J: So how long have you lived here? S: I probably moved here like two and a half years ago. I love the town and the facilities they have here - the golf, tennis, paddle... J: So what do you do? S: I’m a physical therapist but I actually work up in Chappaqua. I play on the town tennis team here, though. For the last two years, platform tennis. J: Oh cool. S: At Loughlin Park in Cos Cob, so we play there a lot. And we do the town golf team. J: It sounds like you're really involved then. S: Yes for all the sports. Which is very unique and everything, to Westchester and this area. J: So would you say the sports are your favorite part? S: Yeah and the downtown, I think it’s a nice downtown. I like this area, restaurants and stuff. J: It’s nice to walk up and down the street. And speaking of restaurants, do you have a favorite one around here? S: Uh we go to Meli Melo a lot, I go to Aux Delices a lot... J: Yes, they have the best bacon egg and cheese croissants! S: Yes I’ve had that. And I’ve been to the National a couple times. They have really good cocktails (laughs). J: And do you have any New Year’s Eve plans yet? S: Not yet, but I'm probably going to do a little tennis or paddle party up in Darien. J: So you're involved everywhere around here, Darien, Chappaqua... S: Yeah, we go to a lot of places for paddling, for the team and stuff. J: Is that all indoor? S: No, the tennis is outdoors. But they have a ton of public courts around here. And the hard courts are still open. And then the paddle, you play in the winter. I think it’s pickleball in the spring and the summer. J: And paddle ball, so that is... S: It’s like a little court with a cage around it, platform tennis yeah, and you play off the wires so it’s kind of like doubles tennis. It’s great in the winter, it was actually developed so you can play outside in the winter. J: That's great. So all year round you can play tennis! S: Well, platform tennis. J: Some form of tennis then. S: Yeah. J: Well thank you! S: Thank you. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Clearance Holiday Decor at Walmart for $20 + pickup WalmartPosted 10 hr 44 min ago SHOP NOW Gemmy 87-LED Shooting Star Icicle Lights for $16 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 10 hr 12 min ago SHOP NOW Polar Fleece Men's Gloves 3-Pack for $6 + free shipping 13 DealsPosted 1 day 12 hr ago SHOP NOW Disney Princess Girls' Puffer Coat for $18 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 16 hr 26 min ago View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions About Our Ads Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Go Tuesday 3 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro Syria army presses fight near Damascus despite truce 1 day ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Making agriculture work for Nigeria 1 day ago 5  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Over N10m recovered from ghost workers in Plateau SUBEB 4 mins ago  Industry Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Twitter chief for China quits, hails its performance 1 day ago  Social Media Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Ibrahimovic and Mata see off 10-man West Ham 1 day ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Proactive calendar would aid investors' interest in festivals 1 day ago  Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Lawyer sues Buhari, others over non-confirmation of acting CJN 4 mins ago  Law More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Gadgets   China’s Huawei vows to shake everything up in a tougher 2017 By Bloomberg   |   01 January 2017   |   4:20 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Huawei Technologies Co. PHOTO/ BloombergHuawei Technologies Co. pledged to overhaul its culture and rethink the way it conducts business, expecting global uncertainty to mount in 2017 after sales growth slowed. China’s largest telecommunications equipment maker expects a 32 percent rise in revenue to 520 billion yuan ($75 billion) in 2016, rotating Chief Executive Officer Eric Xu said. That’s down from the 37 percent growth it posted in 2015. The company now needs to re-tool its management approach to zero in on customers’ needs, while staunching costs and avoiding “blind optimism and rhetoric.” Huawei, which debuted its first Android device in 2009 and is now the largest smartphone maker after Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co., has made significant inroads into markets from the U.S. to Europe. But Chinese rivals from Oppo to Vivo have taken the lead back home and its business of selling networking gear to wireless carriers is vulnerable to political swings. Huawei’s consumer business, which includes mainly smartphones, probably grew sales 42 percent to 178 billion yuan in 2016, divisional CEO Richard Yu said in a separate memo. “The year 2016 has seen a flock of black swans –- both political and economic –- sweep across the globe,” Xu said in a memo to staff that was posted on the company website. “In 2017, we will face even greater global political and economic uncertainties.” Those include a rise in costs that outpaced revenue and gross margin growth in 2016. Xu outlined a laundry list of time- and money-wasting activities to root out, including “empty talks in offices that are far removed from actual business” and “fancy” internal promotional videos and slides. He wants more independent thinking and visits to key operations from base stations to stores. More fundamentally, Xu — one of several executives that rotate in and out of the top position — urged a shift in attitude and mindset from merely responding to customers to actively evolving into a technology leader. He wants to build research and innovation centers around the world. And he warned of internal disruption as employees are trained and re-assigned to the field. “Our human resource policy should help reduce entropy in our workforce,” he said. Founded in 1987 by former army engineer Ren Zhengfei, Huawei is one of several Chinese companies trying to compete in the global technology market. It remains a global leader in carrier equipment, and its latest smartphones — the P9 and P9 Plus — have proven popular in higher-end markets. It posted a 37 percent jump in overall 2015 revenue to 395 billion yuan, and shipped roughly 100 million smartphones globally. Smartphone sales are expected to grow a single-digit percentage in 2016 for the first time, according to IT researcher Gartner. Huawei’s consumer mobile division, riding the strong reception for its marquee phones, far outpaced that: it probably expanded shipments by 29 percent to 139 million units this year, Yu said. The goal is to become one of two to three few surviving players after a global industry shake-out over the coming three to five years, the consumer division chief added. To get there, Huawei must continue to evolve into a true premium brand and adapt to a rapidly shifting market, rotating CEO Xu said. “To cure an illness, you have to treat the root cause,” Xu said. “Past success is not a reliable indicator of the future, and a long list of accomplishments might end up nothing more than an epitaph.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Huawei Technologies Co You may also like Apple said to seek lower taxes to start manufacturing in India 2 days ago  Technology The caves that prove Neanderthals were cannibals 3 days ago  Technology US aims to draw line with Russia over hacking 3 days ago 1  Technology Latest DCTA trains African professionals on development agenda 4 mins ago  Appointments 2016, a year judiciary was on trial 6 mins ago  Law Court issues bench warrant against six banks, seals hotel premises 9 mins ago  Law Over N10m recovered from ghost workers in Plateau SUBEB 10 mins ago  Industry Lawyer sues Buhari, others over non-confirmation of acting CJN 10 mins ago  Law More   Communication Smile excites customers with 200 minutes to call all networks 4 days ago   Simple ways to upgrade your life in 2017 4 days ago 1   NIPOST to provid e-Commerce, e-Government services next year 4 days ago 2   ISPs decry poor service, high rentals by tower owners 4 days ago   Ndukwe, former NCC boss, others laud Think Breakfast Series 23 Dec   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand December 30, 2016 Peter Cao 1 Comment A report from the Economic Daily Times (via Digitimes) says that Apple’s AirPods manufacturer, Inventec, will be ramping up and expanding production in order to meet the higher demand. The report noted that Inventec has recently started expanding capacity at its Shanghai plants in order to satisfy increasing demand for the earphones and the plants are currently working overtime to deliver orders … AirPods have been surprisingly popular since their release nearly two weeks ago now. Demand, as usual, is much higher than supply and the wireless earbuds are currently sold out in most stores worldwide. But if you don’t already have a pair and want to pick up a pair at your local Apple Store, there’s a tool for that. Tags: AirPods About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← In-depth look into Apple’s ‘iPhone City’ manufacturing plant in China Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories → Jack Hickman Maybe I can get mine before Feb 7. Ugh… Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Sony Xperia X receives Android 7.1.1 through Concept program ASUS ZenFone AR leaks out as new Google Tango phone with Snapdragon 821 Samsung's new Galaxy A (2017) phones have glass backs and octa-core processors ASUS teases new ZenFone with 'world's best processor' Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest What's in my Bag CES 2017! VR is fun, but it's not quite "there" yet Android And Me ASUS ZenFone AR leaks reveal new Google ASUS says ‘world’s best processor’ Samsung updates Galaxy A series with Top 5 most popular Android apps from OnePlus delivering Nougat to OnePlus Sprint discounting LG V20 by 50% until Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile band 12 LTE spotted in Kentucky, T-Mobile shares end-of-year network Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesdays is focused T-Mobile will begin pushing update to OnePlus 2 getting OxygenOS 3.5.5 update Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts T-Mobile kicks off buy one, get one PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Technology Tuesday 3 January 2017 Adrian Weckler: How your gadget could testify against you Adrian Weckler Twitter Email Published 01/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Adrian Weckler: How your gadget could testify against you Independent.ie Could the gadget you got at Christmas testify against you in a police or insurance company investigation? http://www.independent.ie/business/technology/adrian-weckler-how-your-gadget-could-testify-against-you-35331208.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35331207.ece/315f4/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-01_bus_27446392_I1.JPG Email In 2015 a woman was given a two-year suspended sentence based on evidence from her Fitbit device Could the gadget you got at Christmas testify against you in a police or insurance company investigation? Share Adrian Weckler: How your gadget could testify against you Independent.ie Could the gadget you got at Christmas testify against you in a police or insurance company investigation? http://www.independent.ie/business/technology/adrian-weckler-how-your-gadget-could-testify-against-you-35331208.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35331207.ece/315f4/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-01_bus_27446392_I1.JPG Email Go To Comments In a year's time, don't say we didn't warn you about this. Voice-activated and connected health devices are increasingly being viewed as evidence to be used in court cases. I'm not talking about iPhones, although Apple did receive 262 requests from Irish authorities relating to "device" whereabouts in the first six months of 2016. And I'm not talking about Facebook accounts, even though 89 requests were lodged by gardai with the social media giant between January and June last year looking for information to help build criminal cases. No, I mean that the net is now widening to include things like Fitbits and smarthome gadgets. The latest instance is an Arkansas murder investigation where police are requesting files from an Amazon Alexa device to help build a case against an accused. The Echo is a voice-activated gadget that connects to the internet and controls household lights or heating systems by simply speaking. It's always turned on and recording. It's not supposed to save sounds or noises unrelated to specific commands, but sometimes it might pick up audio based on mistaken understanding of a request. Police think that the device may have recorded something that could implicate the suspect, a man called James Bates. But in echoes of Apple's earlier privacy stand on denying access to a terrorist suspect's iPhone data, Amazon is fighting police requests to hand over deeper sets of data it might have that are linked to the device. In the Bates investigation, a smart water meter in Bates's home may also turn out to be critical in proving whether Bates used an unusually large amount of water at a late hour of the night. While relatively few Irish people yet have Amazon Alexa gadgets in their home, thousands have water meters. And Irish homes are starting to fill up with legions of gadgets that collect critical pieces of data about us. Our Netflix accounts, smart thermometers and security cameras. Even our coffee makers, which increasingly co-ordinate with our online schedules. Such data is now being eyed up by authorities, regulators and even private companies (such as insurers) for verification or evidential purposes. The big question we all now face is: how much of it should be used for this? In the case of a household fire, would you hand over access to your smart thermostat's backup files to an insurance company if that might yield a clue as to how the fire started? If authorities suspected arson, should they be allowed to request access to such files? How about other incidents, such as domestic abuse? If one spouse claims to have been beaten, assaulted or raped, should smart gadgets in the home, which might potentially help corroborate or disprove the claims, be admissible as evidence? Should they be the legitimate subject of a warrant? This isn't an academic question. A 2015 Pennsylvania case saw a woman, Jeannine Risley, given a two-year suspended sentence based on evidence from her Fitbit device. The woman claimed to have been assaulted in her home but a court found that she had made the episode up after investigating police used evidence from her Fitbit health tracker to disprove her whereabouts and her movements. In that case, the woman (foolishly) consented to police parsing the Fitbit. But to what extent can authorities expect to rely on such 'witness' devices in future? Fitbit is an interesting case. It makes two things clear in its terms and conditions: (i) it adheres primarily to US law and privacy standards and (ii) it might give you up to police if asked. "We may consult with and disclose unlawful conduct to law enforcement authorities and pursuant to valid legal process, we may cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law," the company says in a clear warning. A few months ago, the office of the Irish data protection regulator announced that it would "step up" audits of certain 'internet of things' firms after a survey of 300 connected devices found "alarming shortfalls in the management of personal data by developers and suppliers". Separately, Helen Dixon's office is involved in an enquiry into Yahoo for reportedly handing over access to customer accounts to US authorities late last year without informing its users or European regulators. But the bigger question is whether objects in our homes and on our wrists should be legitimately yankable for the data they hold on us. If we think some circumstances merit it, how extreme must those circumstances be? The degrees of answer to this may resemble the split in opinion that occurred in the Apple iPhone privacy case of 2016. There, Apple executives up to and including Tim Cook said that they would not provide a "back door" entrance into iPhone encryption to FBI investigators prosecuting a domestic terrorism case. The public cheered and booed in almost equal numbers. It was a case of privacy versus security. On that occasion, privacy won the day. But for how much longer? In Ireland, the issue may not be tested until a painful outlier case, such as a child kidnapping, crops up. Sunday Indo Business Read More Irish twins become millionaires with videos of themselves playing computer games  Parents take note, your child's video game habit could spell a successful future if these Irish twins are anything to go by. Eight technology trends for 2017  Adrian Weckler 1. A battle royal among Ireland's telecoms networks. Each of Ireland's five big network operators - Eir, Vodafone, Virgin, BT and Three - have distinct challenges over the next 12 months. Steve Dempsey: Artificial Intelligence will create new digital divide in data race  Steve Dempsey Artificial Intelligence is set to be the top trend of 2017. Amazon's Jeff Bezos has said it's hard to overstate how big an impact AI is going to have on society over the next 20 years. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Eight technology trends for 2017  Technology Adrian Weckler: How your gadget could testify against you  Technology From Apple to AI: the tech to expect in 2017  Technology New York on a budget: 10 top tips for the Big Apple on a shoestring  World/USA 'An awful tragedy' - Shane McGowan's mother Therese is first road victim of 2017  Irish News Titanic sank due to enormous uncontrollable fire, not iceberg, experts claim  Irish News Shane MacGowan's mother (80s) loses life after fatal car collision  Irish News Tourist bitten by crocodile after trying to take a selfie  Asia-Pacific 'If you raise public sector pay and taxes, the rest of the economy loses' 'Households must be ones to decide if water meters stay or go,' says Murphy 'Irexit can't be ruled out as we risk Brussels calling our bluff' Billy Keane: What Ireland needs most in 2017 is a dedicated Ministry of Sex Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Irish twins become millionaires with videos of themselves playing computer games Parents take note, your child's video game habit... Eight technology trends for 2017 1. A battle royal among Ireland's telecoms networks. Each of Ireland's five big... Steve Dempsey: Artificial Intelligence will create new digital divide in data race Artificial Intelligence is set to be the top trend of 2017. Adrian Weckler: How your gadget could testify against you Could the gadget you got at Christmas testify... Tackling concussion in rugby with state-of-the-art headgear Mark Ganly was so moved by the experience of a rugby player who was forced to... A resolution for 2017 - explore new horizons via collaboration in research After a cranky 2016, a good New Year's resolution would be... Dublin pair unveil €2.9bn scheme for green homes and factories in the UK Irish-founded and Dublin- From Apple to AI: the tech to expect in 2017 What will the big tech trends be in the coming year? Will rural Ireland finally get... Adrian Weckler: Online services under pressure to comply Get ready for a new phase of Big Brother. How gardaí are enlisting Facebook’s help in fight against crime Irish authorities are increasingly using Facebook to... VIDEO: 'I just jumped on her one day' - Watch unconventional cowgirl... 18 year-old Hannah Simpson from Invercargill,... WATCH: Check out all the best technology highlights of 2016 A look at the best and most memorable technology of 2016. Apple released... VIDEO: Take a look behind the scenes of the magical Christmas story at Dundrum Shopping Centre VIDEO: Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg reveals Iron Man-style AI system installed in... Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has revealed his... VIDEO: Niamh Horan and Brendan O'Connor star in Sunday Independent... Well-known writers from Ireland's leading Sunday... VIDEO: Staff cry tears of joy when retail boss shares this special Christmas message Retail workers, this one's for you. WATCH Take a first look at Amazon Prime Air’s drone delivery service in action Amazon Prime Air has begun private trials in... VIDEO: Jack Canfield - 5 Strategies for Maximum Confidence VIDEO: Dr. John Demartini on 'The Value Determination Workshop' Robin Sharma - How Business Titans Do It Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... Another Brexit as ambassador bids farewell British ambassador to Ireland Dominick Chilcott, who warned during the UK... From rejecting the iPod to turning down Google: The biggest mistakes in tech history By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Monday, Jan 02, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology TECHNOLOGY RIP: 13 tech products we lost in 2016 Headphone jacks, Note 7s say goodbye CNN Published on Dec. 31, 2016 Hoverboard representative Brynn Gwynn holds a Hoverboard at CES International in January. ASSOCIATED PRESS Fitbit announced on Dec. 7 that it was acquiring the bulk of smart watch maker Pebble. ASSOCIATED PRESS The most dramatic change in the iPhone was what got taken away: the traditional headphone jack. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Innovation made significant progress in 2016. We saw an Amazon drone make its first commercial delivery in the United Kingdom, and a fleet of self-driving Ubers hit the roads in Pittsburgh and San Francisco. But the year wasn’t so good for all tech products. Let’s recall the rise and fall of hoverboards and the ongoing saga of exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smart phones. Other products went more quietly into the night: The last ever VCR was manufactured in July. Here’s a closer look at the tech products that hit the bucket in 2016. The most dramatic change in the iPhone was what got taken away: the traditional headphone jack. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge ● iPhone headphone jack Apple Inc. killed off the jack in September in favor of wireless headphones. The move, which upset some of its loyal users, forced new iPhone 7 users to either use a dongle or invest in wireless headsets. The company also encouraged users to buy its wire-free (and futuristic-looking) set of earbuds, AirPods ($160). ● Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Samsung faced a slew of challenges in 2016 but nothing hurt more than the nightmare that was the Galaxy Note 7 smart phone. In October, it halted all production of the device following complaints that it burst into flames. This came after a badly mismanaged recall of 2.5 million Note 7s shortly after it launched. Analysts believe the Note 7 debacle will put a $9.5 billion dent in sales and eliminate $5 billion in profits. Samsung also recalled 3 million of its washing machines this year because of an explosion risk. ● VCRs The last VCR manufacturer, Japanese company Funai Electric, ceased production of its video-cassette recorders in July. At its peak, the company sold 15 million VCRs in a year, but those numbers significantly dropped as DVDs, Blu-ray discs, and, ultimately, streaming services hit the mainstream. Even so, Funai Electric still managed to sell 750,000 VCRs just last year. Considering the first VCRs were introduced in the 1960s, 50 years of production is still a solid run for any tech device. Hoverboard representative Brynn Gwynn holds a Hoverboard at CES International in January. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge ● Hoverboards Hoverboards were the holiday gift of 2015, but this year wasn’t quite as good. After reports of burns caused by exploding devices, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission deemed hoverboards unsafe. Retailers pulled them from stores, transportation agencies banned them from trains and buses, and, ultimately, more than 500,000 hoverboards were recalled. The devices’ lithium-ion battery packs — the same battery found in Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 smart phones — were blamed for the incidents. Fitbit announced on Dec. 7 that it was acquiring the bulk of smart watch maker Pebble. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge ● Pebble Pebble, once the darling of the smart watch world, recently sold off its software division to fitness tracking company Fitbit.  The news angered existing Pebble users — without software updates, their devices would become obsolete. The deal, which cost $40 million, didn’t include Pebble’s hardware, but it appears the company won’t be making more wearables. Reports indicate Pebble is pulling production on its Pebble Time 2 watch, which recently wrapped up a Kickstarter campaign. Early backers will receive refunds. ● Microsoft’s Sunrise app Microsoft’s Sunrise app was sunsetted this year. The tech giant acquired the popular calendar app, known for its social features and sleek design, in October, 2015. But less than a year later, Microsoft shuttered Sunrise and blended its features into Outlook, its email service. The new integration brings map integration and makes it easier to set up meetings and Skype calls directly within Outlook. ● Facebook’s Paper app Facebook’s Paper app — which launched in 2014 — was a unique, beautifully designed approach to displaying both articles and status updates in your news feed. Some even called it the future of reading news. Paper was best known for its Instant Articles feature, which allowed users to browse and download articles from popular media outlets directly to their phones. It was also a convenient place to check Facebook messages and your timeline without switching apps. But because of low user numbers, Facebook mostly used it as a testing ground to quietly roll out new features. The social network shuttered the service on July 29. ● Apple’s cinema displays This summer, Apple discontinued its Thunderbolt Display, the company’s only remaining standalone monitor. It was a favorite among graphic designers, gamers, and anyone who needed to connect a Mac computer to a larger display. But considering it hadn’t received an update since 2011, the news wasn’t much of a shock. Apple did, however, partner with LG to roll out 4K and 5K displays — a pricier but better quality alternative. ● Google Picasa In March, Google pulled the plug on its photo-sharing and storing service Picasa. Google Photos debuted last year with a splashy launch, and running two similar services didn’t make sense. Plus, Google Photos is a far superior product. Picasa attracted a loyal fan base over the years, allowing users to edit and organize digital photos long before the introduction of smart-phone cameras. ● Motorola Lenovo killed off the Motorola name this year. The parent company now blends the two brands together under a “Moto by Lenovo” moniker. Motorola, the company behind the first walkie-talkie and consumer cell phone, has had a rollercoaster-like few years. It’s been bought and sold twice since 2012. In the first deal, Google acquired Motorola for $12.5 billion, which kicked off the search giant’s step into the hardware business, and then it was sold to Lenovo. ● Google’s Project Ara Although Google’s modular Ara phone was expected to ship as early as the fall, the company is no longer bringing it to market. Google’s experimental ATAP team spent more than three years developing the innovative concept that would allow people to design their own smart phones. By using small bricks that look like LEGOs, pieces could be swapped, removed, or attached based on your preferences. ● BlackBerry phones BlackBerry, known for its cell phones with physical keyboards, is no longer making its own devices. The company announced in September that it will lean instead on partners to manufacture the phones, which will still resemble BlackBerry devices. Its main focus will be on developing software — an effort BlackBerry introduced several years ago amid slow phone sales. ● Vine Twitter announced in October it was shutting down its beloved short-form video app, Vine — a move that upset its most loyal fans. But recently, the company announced plans to bring it back. The parent company is rebranding the app as Vine Camera, allowing users to take photos and short clips that can be saved to a camera roll or shared on Twitter. Related Items: technology ,iphone ,Samsung note 7 ,hoverboard Click to comment Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor To Top Fetching stories…
1-800-517-4570 1-800-517-4570 Home Press Releases Sign In Menu  Welcome  Pricing  Register  Testimonials  Search  Agency List  Podcast  RSS Feeds  Privacy  Contact  prMac Blog Sidebar Press Releases Contact Sidebar M4V Converter Plus for Mac V4.2.6 Updated to Support Mac 10.12.3 Beta December 31, 2016 in iTunes (F) [prMac.com] Cortaro, Arizona - MCP Inc. is proud to announce the latest version of its popular iTunes Movies Converter - M4V Converter Plus for Mac 4.2.6. With this new version release, it is capable of working perfectly on macOS Sierra 10.12.2 and macOS 10.12.3 Sierra beta now. That's to say, you are allowed to remove DRM protection from iTunes movies and TV shows on Apple's newest macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta. The more stable version as well as retains compatibility with Mac OS X 10.8, 10.9, 10.10, and 10.11. M4V Converter Plus for Mac Overview M4V Converter Plus for Mac is a powerful iTunes DRM Removal tool, which is dedicated to helping users to strip Apple DRM from iTunes protected M4V files by converting them to unprotected M4V, MOV, FLV, AVI, WMV, etc. Besides, it can also extract audio files from M4V videos and save it to standard MP3, FLAC, AAC, WMA with 5.1 audio tracks and Subtitles preserved. You can Adjust, Trim and Modify iTunes videos with a custom function. By using the program, you can enjoy the converted iTunes movies on iPhone, iPad, tablets, game consoles, android phones and more mobile devices. It can support 30X faster video conversion speed with original quality output. Pricing and Availability New users can directly download installation package and get a free trial version at the M4V Converter Plus for Mac website. If you want get the full version, you can directly buy it in $44.95 from the M4V Converter Plus for Mac website. Current users qualify for the free upgrade, just launch the program or click Check for Updates. We offer free technical support for those buying our software. If you have any advice on our product, you can give your feedback to via the survey email to Support. M4V Converter Plus for Mac 4.2.6 M4V Converter Plus for Mac V4.2.6 Supports macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta Direct Download Link Purchase Link M4V Converter Plus Inc. is a software company that offers iTunes M4V video conversion solutions. With expertise and experience in iTunes video converter tools, its mainly products M4V converter software do well in converting m4v video you purchased or rent to QuickTime MOV, iPod, iPhone format with high speed and great quality. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2016 M4V Converter Plus Inc. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Macintosh and Mac OS X are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. ### Amy Green Marketing 520-198-9011 Facebook Profile: View Support Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "I was highly satisfied with prMac's writing service. They are very professional, know how to structure a press release and how to communicate your message effectively to your target customers. They are niched specifically in the Apple, Mac and iOS, have a very deep understanding of these markets and know how to describe your product in the most attractive way. Communication and customer service could not be better! I will definitely choose to work with them again." Anna Valbro - 7 Magic Islands OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14988 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 837 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks App alerts friends when you are home … Knowtify alerts friends when you are … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … Print/PPP/Keywords Print this page | PDF | TXT | Read other releases by this member. iTunes | Software | video | iPhone | DRM | macOS Site Map Welcome Privacy Testimonials Contact Pricing Agency List Podcast RSS Feeds Search Twitter Facebook LinkedIn DIY Media Distribution | Publish Once. Broadcast the World. | © 2007-2017 GeekSuit, LLC × Alert OK × Alert Testimonials OS X Apps iOS Apps "Bel Math Apps just published 5th press release with prMac. We are very satisfied with prMac services: its speed, effectiveness, statistics and especially the special list of "search for this release on Google." Tatyana Belyavskaya - Bel Math Apps OS X Apps Accessories Announcements Cases and Bags Disk Cataloging Educational FileMaker Financial Gaming Hardware Illustration Image Editing iTunes iWeb iWork Mac OSX Mail Multimedia Music and Recording Networks and FTP OS X Development Project Tracking Promotions Publishing Seminars and Events Software Technology Tips and How To User Groups Utility Web Design iOS Apps Bags and Cases Books Business Education Entertainment Finance Games Health and Fitness iAnnouncements iOS Development iPod Lifestyle Medical Mobile Accessories Music Navigation News Photo and Video Productivity Reference Services Social Networking Sports Travel Utilities Weather Video News Release See Our Podcasts on iTunes! Registered Members There are 14988 Members. Register today! Media Partners There are 837 media agencies. View list Latest Trackbacks App alerts friends when you are home … Knowtify alerts friends when you are … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home … App alerts friends when you are home …
JJ Jr. RSS Twitter Facebook Instagram Main About Us Exclusive Contact Send Tips Top Stories Mariah Carey's Rep Sets Record Straight on Viral New Year's Eve Performance Billie Lourd Breaks Silence on Deaths of Mom Carrie Fisher & Grandmother Debbie Reynolds Jake Gyllenhaal Goes for a New Year's Day Dip in the Ocean Dale Earnhardt Jr. Got Married on NYE - See Wedding Photos! Newer Older Sat, 31 December 2016 at 6:15 pm Tweet New Year's Eve Times Square Ball Drop 2017 - Live Stream Video! There are just hours left until the ball drops in New York City’s Times Square on New Year’s Eve to mark the end of 2016 and the start of 2017! We have the live stream video of all the action in the Big Apple right here and you might recognize a familiar face as the host of the stream. Mean Girls actor Jonathan Bennett (yep, Aaron Samuels himself!) is hosting the stream live from New York right now. “TUNE IN at 3PT/6ET for my LIVE WEBCAST from Times Square! We’re giving you 6 full hours of exclusive live coverage,” he tweeted. Get all of your New Year’s Eve info right here: Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin Eve 2017 – Performers Lineup! NBC’s New Year’s Eve with Carson Daly 2017 – Performers List! Pitbull’s New Year’s Revolution 2017 – Full Performers Lineup! Seth Meyers’ New Year’s Eve Special 2017 – Celebs & Performers Lineup! Just Jared on Facebook Photos: Getty Posted to: 2017 New Year's Eve Sponsored Links by ZergNet Also on Just Jared Lea Michele Strips Down to Her Birthday Suit on New Year's Day! Was Mariah Carey 'Sabotaged' on New Year's Eve? Producers Respond to Claims Jamie Foxx Had a 'Sleepless' Night on New Year's Eve in Miami! Jennifer Lopez Celebrate NYE at Drake's Concert in Vegas! Hilary Duff Shows Off Her Hot Bikini Body in Hawaii! Bella Thorne Reveals Who She Kissed on New Year's Eve 2017! Kendrick Lamar Rocks Out at Drai's Nightclub in Vegas on New Year's Eve! Britney Spears Spends New Year's Eve with Rumored Boyfriend Sam Asghari! Kate Hudson Rocks Sexy Thong Bodysuit for New Year's Eve! VIDEO: Shakira's Sons Milan & Sasha Wish Fans Happy New Year! Blake Lively & Amber Tamblyn Ring in 2017 Together! David Beckham Gives Fans an Inside Look at His Family's New Year's Eve Party! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, & Hailey Baldwin Celebrate New Year's Eve Together! Rob Kardashian & Blac Chyna Ring in 2017 Together! Nicki Minaj Jumps Into 2017 at a Miami New Year's Eve Party! JJ Links Around The Web WENN Halle Berry and Olivier Martinez have come to a custody decision after divorce was finalized - TMZ Is Nicole Richie really thinking of leaving Joel Madden? - Gossip Cop See what happened during Ross Lynch's 21st birthday celebration in Vegas! - Just Jared Jr Are Beyonce and Jay-Z involved in a nasty feud with Kimye? - Radar Get the latest updates on Jennifer Lopez and Drake's possible budding romance - Lainey Gossip James Cameron gives a sneak peek at Disney's Avatar attraction in behind-the-scenes video - The Hollywood Reporter New YEar Countdown new years eve ball drop live stream ↓↓↓↓↓ https://t.co/jtwNiYd6XF https://t.co/jtwNiYd6XF ↑↑↑↑↑ Live Stream Free new years eve ball drop live stream New YEar Countdown new years eve ball drop live stream ↓↓↓↓↓ https://t.co/jtwNiYd6XF https://t.co/jtwNiYd6XF ↑↑↑↑↑ Live Stream Free new years eve ball drop live stream }{}{}{}{}{}[] rogan luke new years eve ball drop live stream ↓↓↓↓↓ http://bit.ly/2iRPYTo http://bit.ly/2iRPYTo rogan luke new years eve ball drop live stream ↓↓↓↓↓ http://bit.ly/2iRPYTo http://bit.ly/2iRPYTo =================== ashley Wish Gloria Estefan would hurry up and come on all ready. I am tired and want to go to bed. Autumnlsouthern Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj77d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj77d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash77HomePhaseGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj77d:….,….. Jace Norman Lounges Around Shirtless On A Swan Pool Float Jace Norman spent the New Year’s holiday hanging out. The 16-year-old Henry Danger star... Newleyweds Troian Bellisario & Patrick J. Adams Ring In The... Troian Bellisario and Patrick J. Adams look just like tourists while out on New Year’s day... AnnaSophia Robb & Stefania Owen Stage A 'Carrie Diaries'... Who knew 2017 would bring us a mini Carrie Diaries reunion? Former on-screen sisters AnnaSophia... Read more on Just Jared Jr! » Top Celebs Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Jennifer Lawrence Miley Cyrus Leonardo DiCaprio Bikini Celebs Jennifer Aniston Kristen Stewart Kim Kardashian Zac Efron Gerard Butler Robert Pattinson Vanessa Hudgens Katie Holmes Rihanna More Top Celebs... Tom Cruise Jennifer Garner Shirtless Celebs Britney Spears Daniel Craig Jake Gyllenhaal Jude Law Gwen Stefani Gwyneth Paltrow Reese Witherspoon Sienna Miller Wentworth Miller Just Jared Archives Sponsored Links by ZergNet Joe McKnight Honored by USC Players with Rose Bowl Helmet... Johnny Manziel in Possible Legal Trouble By Partying at... Billie Lourd Thanks Fans After Carrie Fisher And Debbie... Ellen Pompeo Is "Boy Crazy" About Her Newborn Son... 65 Beckham Family Moments That Are Just OK and Won't Make... 25 Photos of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds That Will... Smutty Tingles for December 30, 2016 'Fences' review starring Denzel Washington and Viola Davis Drake and JLO kiss at prom-themed party in LA Nick Viall ‘The Bachelor’ Premiere Recap: Who Got Roses... Rose Bowl 2017 Live Stream: Watch Penn State vs. USC Game... Kristen Wiig Worried About Kate McKinnon Stealing Her Roles? JJ: Latest Posts 'Celebrity Apprentice' 2017: Top 15... Who Went Home on 'Celebrity... Angelina Jolie Has a Snowy Ice Cream... Ciara Celebrates the New Year With... Sam Hunt Wins Back Fiancée Hannah Lee... Troian Bellisario & Patrick J.... Eva Amurri Responds to Critics After... JJ: Page 2 Kendall Jenner & Hailey Baldwin... Mariah Carey's Rep Sets Record... VIDEO: Ed Sheeran Seemingly Reveals... Rebecca Ferguson Will Accept Trump... The Weeknd Lit Up the Crowd in Las... Jennifer Lawrence Spent NYE with... Leighton Meester Faced Her Fear on... Just Jared Jr. Jace Norman Lounges Around Shirtless... Newleyweds Troian Bellisario &... AnnaSophia Robb & Stefania Owen... Sam Woolf Gets Shirtless in New 'Fast... Grace VanderWaal Has The Cutest... BFF's Hailey Baldwin & Kendall... VIDEO: Did Ed Sheeran Reveal The Title... © 2005-2017 Just Jared, Inc. || Main About Us Advertise With Us FAQ Contact Terms Privacy Policy Return to Mobile A Member of Townsquare Entertainment News | Advertise here
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Two charged with breaking and entering in Amory Holiday weekend sees 44 DUI arrests, four traffic fatalities Forget New Year’s resolutions: Traceway resident has plan that works for her More In News Two charged with breaking and entering in Amory Holiday weekend sees 44 DUI arrests, four traffic fatalities Forget New Year’s resolutions: Traceway resident has plan that works for her Supervisors see new challenges in new year Tupelo ended relationship with consultant in November View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Howland talks Crimson Tide Featured Logan’s Heroes: St. Petersburg Bowl After each win, Logan Lowery of the Daily Journal recognizes several players and a coach that had outstanding performances and played a major role in... Business Winter market returns: Expectations raised for 60th Tupelo Furniture Market DENNIS SEID: New year brings new ideas, hope GSDP opens search for CEO, tourism director More In Business Winter market returns: Expectations raised for 60th Tupelo Furniture Market DENNIS SEID: New year brings new ideas, hope GSDP opens search for CEO, tourism director Tupelo CVB anticipating busy start to year Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year View all posts in Business Lifestyle Small-town library tries for maximum appeal LESLIE CRISS: Saying so long to 2016 brings much relief DAVID PANNELL: Time in peace, quiet of closet offers new perspective More In Lifestyle Small-town library tries for maximum appeal LESLIE CRISS: Saying so long to 2016 brings much relief DAVID PANNELL: Time in peace, quiet of closet offers new perspective MASTER GARDENER: Follow these end-of-season garden tips GARY BACHMAN: Gary addresses gardening questions for new year View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Plenty of good news to share from last week MICHAEL REAGAN: Cleaning up after ‘Third Term’ Obama PHIL HARDWICK: Strength of dollar offers travel opportunities More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Plenty of good news to share from last week MICHAEL REAGAN: Cleaning up after ‘Third Term’ Obama PHIL HARDWICK: Strength of dollar offers travel opportunities OUR OPINION: Funding source needs to be found for infrastructure BILL CRAWFORD: Beware of leaders with unchecked shadows View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Greater Starkville Development Partnership looking for CEO, adds tourism post Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos Defense fuels Ole Miss win in SEC opener VIDEO: Newsbreak, Dec. 30, 2016 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Dec. 29, 2016 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Dec. 28, 2016 MSU defense focusing in Florida Business trip: Football is top priority in sunny Florida Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally Opinion » SID SALTER: McMillin was tough, big-hearted SID SALTER: McMillin was tough, big-hearted Posted on December 26, 2016 by Rod Guajardo in Opinion SID SALTER When I learned of the death of former Hinds County Sheriff Malcolm McMillin – a tough, old school lawman whose friendship I came to appreciate during my years covering crime in central Mississippi – my initial thoughts went back a day spent riding some of the most crime-ridden areas of the city of Jackson. Many will remember that McMillin also served for a brief time as chief of police in Jackson while simultaneously serving as county sheriff. That fact unnerved and angered McMillin’s political opponents. McMillin taught me early on during my Clarion-Ledger days that I would be pretty safe at night walking from the State Capitol back to the C-L offices down on Pearl Street. “That’s because at night, there’s no one on the streets in that area other than the homeless, the mentally ill, chronic alcoholics.”” But McMillian said dangerous areas weren’t hard to find and that race didn’t have as much to do with those crime-ridden locales as most people thought. Despite his frustration with both city and county government in Jackson and Hinds County, “Mac” loved the place and most of the people. I remember trying to choke down a pig ear sandwich at the Big Apple Inn while listening to Mac and Geno Lee catching up on local gossip in the Farish Street area. The pig ear sandwich – made famous by Geno’s grandfather – is simply a Mississippi experience not to be missed. Taste like bacon, chews like, well, an ear. I think Mac enjoyed carrying novices to Geno’s place to watch them deal with their first taste of that peculiarly Jackson, Mississippi cuisine. I also knew Mac through charity work in the Jackson area. We did several Diabetes Walk events together. We’d get about a quarter-mile into the walk and he’s look around and say: “Are we walking past any place that serves candy bars or ice cream?” Burly, brawny, and not averse to physical violence when required, Malcolm McMillin could be a hard-nosed, formidable one-man wrecking crew. He also possessed a tender heart for children, the aged, the sick, the poor, and those who could not defend themselves. During his five terms as Hinds County’s top law enforcement office, McMillin battled the Hinds County Board of Supervisors over budget disagreements, jail overcrowding and jail funding. McMillin grew up in Natchez, but spent his summer on a truck farm with his uncle and aunt on Turkey Creek near Dentsville. In an interview more than a decade ago, McMillin said: “My father died when I was seven, and I don’t have many memories of him, so I can’t say that I really learned any lessons from him. One thing I remember my mother telling me that’s stayed with me is that you can always tell a lot about a person’s character by the way he treats people who wait on him or work for him. My mother was a waitress, who worked very hard to raise my sister and me after my father died.” After high school, McMillin said his “senior trip” was a tour of duty in Southeast Asia as an 18-year-old military policeman in the U.S. Air Force. In 2012, after being unseated in a re-election bid, he was Gov. Phil Bryant’s choice of as the new chairman of the State Parole Board – one that empowered a career law enforcement officer who also has had to deal with the realities of jail overcrowding and management. McMillin’s true gift as head of the Parole Board was his up close and personal understanding of the relationship between the state’s judicial system, corrections system, and the parole process as it relates to impacts on local jails. In 2003, McMillin offered this assessment: “It’s difficult to determine beyond the short-term needs essentially what our jail space needs are, because in the years I have been in office, we’ve never had a criminal justice system that worked. We’ve been plagued with overcrowding caused by the state housing its inmates in county jails throughout the state. Now we are dealing with overcrowding as a result of the increasing numbers of pre-trial detainees who have yet to be indicted, tried, sentenced, and moved into the state system.” Finding the formula between maintaining a “tough on crime” posture while managing the finite amount of jail space in Mississippi has – as McMillin noted – been almost a constant problem. Again, in his own words, McMillin can also see parole decision from the perspective of law enforcement: “I answered a domestic disturbance call one night. I knocked on the door and stepped to the side as I’d been trained to do and someone in the house fired a shotgun through the door. I have fired my weapon and been fired upon. Given the option, I would rather not do either again,” McMillin said. SID SALTER is a syndicated Mississippi columnist. Readers can contact him at sidsalter@sidsalter.com. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Oil spill cash could tempt Mississippi budgeters DANNY SMITH: Holiday birthday not a problem, especially for fourth-grader → Jeff “He also possessed a tender heart for children, the aged, the sick, the poor, and those who could not defend themselves.” Yet he was on the record in favor of disarming law-abiding responsible adults who otherwise could not defend themselves. melanomame predator Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Polls Are you familiar with the work done by the Tupelo Police Athletic League program? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Newsmax Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
Skip to main content Electronic Frontier Foundation Defending your rights in the digital world Search form Search Main menu Home About Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Room Take Action Shop January 1, 2017 | By Dave Maass Passing, Defeating, and Leveraging Legislation in California: 2016 in Review While the presidential election has thrown the federal government into a cloud of uncertainty, one thing is clear: EFF has never been in a better position to protect our rights on the state level in California. In 2016, we built off our previous victories around surveillance transparency, passed new laws reforming criminal justice, defeated other bills that would’ve weakened our liberties, and laid the groundwork for the hard fight ahead in 2017. Here’s a round-up of some of our efforts in Sacramento over the last year. Crowdsourcing Transparency In 2015, EFF supported a series of bills to require government agencies to disclose their policies for use of automated license plate readers (ALPR) and cell-site simulators, and to publish inventories of all the systems they use to store data on the public. The three bills went into effect this year, and EFF’s supporters were ready to hold the agencies to account. In April, more than 30 citizen watchdogs joined EFF for the “California Surveillance Sweep,” in which we combed through local government agency websites for policies related to ALPR and cell-tracking technology. We found nearly 80 policies, but also identified another 90 that were not in compliance with the new laws. In the months since, many of those agencies have responded to our report by publishing those policies online. In August, our team of transparency advocates reassembled for the “California Database Hunt,” in which we scoured government websites for inventories of “enterprise systems,” the software systems agencies use to store information. These inventories are supposed to disclose the types of information agencies collect on the public and the purposes for amassing the information. In all, we compiled more 400 catalogs from across the state. Later EFF presented our findings at a state senate committee. Watch the video here. Next year, the legislature will consider a bill to expand these requirements to cover a larger array of surveillance technologies, and we look forward to working with the sponsor, Sen. Jerry Hill, on promoting these transparency efforts.  Gang Database Reform A deep investigation by Reveal, followed by a California State Auditor’s report, found massive problems with CalGang, the state’s law enforcement database that contains information on suspected gang members and their associates. The database was found to be rife with errors, lacking accountability, and providing little crime-fighting value.  EFF joined a coalition of justice organizations to flood legislators and the governor with emails in support A.B. 2298, a bill that would partially reform CalGang.The bill was signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in September, requiring law enforcement to inform people before they’re added to a shared gang database. Under the new law, people have a chance to go to court to challenge their inclusion in a gang database. And by January 2018, agencies that maintain these databases will have to produce detailed transparency reports. No SmartPhone Backdoors Amid the battle between Apple and the FBI over access to an encrypted iPhone used by a suspect in the San Bernadino shooting, Assemblymember Jim Cooper introduced a bill to require phone manufacturers to decrypt phones or else pay a fine. EFF launched a campaign to defeat the bill and emerged victorious: the legislation never made it out of its first committee.  Keeping Public Records in the Public Domain Following a brouhaha over who owns the name to a resort in Yosemite, the state legislature introduced a bill that would allow government agencies to claim intellectual property rights over government-produced works, overturning the current status quo that puts most public records in the public domain. The bill could have limited the right of the public and the press to publish records they received through the California Public Records Act. EFF, and a coalition of 25 organizations, fought hard against the legislation, resulting in the author abandoning the bill. Defending Drone Enthusiasts Several lawmakers in California introduced bills designed to regulate the consumer drone industry. While the lawmakers may have had good motives to protect people’s privacy and safety, the bills went too far by fully outlawing the arming of drones with devices that might damage property or hurt people. Now, on first glance, that might not seem like a terrible idea. But on further analysis EFF learned that the bill would criminalize the ability of drone enthusiasts to engage in voluntary aerial combat games, in which drones dogfight with only rudimentary weapons, like a dangling wire to jam an opponent’s rotors. EFF stood up for the rights to innovate and to participate in events like those staged by the Aerial Sports League at Maker Faire SF. We ultimately defeated the bills. Victory for Virtual Currency The California Assembly resurrected a short-sighted proposal to overregulate the virtual currency industry. The bill was fraught with technically inaccurate information and burdensome requirements for start-ups that would ultimately hurt the consumer. EFF pushed back with the help of the virtual currency proponents, ultimately sending the bill back into hibernation. This article is part of our Year In Review series. Read other articles about the fight for digital rights in 2016. Like what you're reading? Support digital freedom defense today! More DeepLinks Posts Like This August 2016 Demand California Fix CalGang, A Deeply Flawed Gang Database December 2013 The FAA Creates Thin Privacy Guidelines For The Nation's First Domestic Drone "Test Sites" September 2014 Tell Governor Brown: No Warrantless Drones For California Cops July 2016 California Grounds Two Bad Drone Bills September 2016 Victory! Gov. Brown Signs Bill to Overhaul California's Broken Gang Databases Recent DeepLinks Posts Jan 2, 2017 The State of Crypto Law: 2016 in Review Jan 2, 2017 Surveillance in Latin America: 2016 in Review Jan 1, 2017 The Year We Went on Offense Against DRM: 2016 in Review Jan 1, 2017 Passing, Defeating, and Leveraging Legislation in California: 2016 in Review Dec 31, 2016 Shining a Spotlight on Shadow Regulation of the Internet: 2016 in Review Deeplinks Topics Fair Use and Intellectual Property: Defending the Balance Free Speech Innovation UK Investigatory Powers Bill International Know Your Rights Privacy Trade Agreements and Digital Rights Security State-Sponsored Malware Abortion Reporting Analog Hole Anonymity Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Biometrics Bloggers' Rights Border Searches Broadcast Flag Broadcasting Treaty CALEA Cell Tracking Coders' Rights Project Computer Fraud And Abuse Act Reform Content Blocking Copyright Trolls Council of Europe Cyber Security Legislation CyberSLAPP Defend Your Right to Repair! Development Agenda Digital Books Digital Radio Digital Video DMCA DMCA Rulemaking Do Not Track DRM E-Voting Rights EFF Europe Electronic Frontier Alliance Encrypting the Web Export Controls FAQs for Lodsys Targets File Sharing Fixing Copyright? The 2013-2016 Copyright Review Process FTAA Genetic Information Privacy Government Hacking and Subversion of Digital Security Hollywood v. DVD How Patents Hinder Innovation (Graphic) ICANN International Privacy Standards Internet Governance Forum Law Enforcement Access Legislative Solutions for Patent Reform Locational Privacy Mandatory Data Retention Mandatory National IDs and Biometric Databases Mass Surveillance Technologies Medical Privacy Mobile devices National Security and Medical Information National Security Letters Net Neutrality No Downtime for Free Speech NSA Spying OECD Offline : Imprisoned Bloggers and Technologists Online Behavioral Tracking Open Access Open Wireless Patent Busting Project Patent Trolls Patents PATRIOT Act Pen Trap Policy Analysis Printers Public Health Reporting and Hospital Discharge Data Reading Accessibility Real ID Reclaim Invention RFID Search Engines Search Incident to Arrest Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act Shadow Regulation Social Networks SOPA/PIPA: Internet Blacklist Legislation Student Privacy Stupid Patent of the Month Surveillance and Human Rights Surveillance Drones Terms Of (Ab)Use Test Your ISP The "Six Strikes" Copyright Surveillance Machine The Global Network Initiative The Law and Medical Privacy TPP's Copyright Trap Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement Travel Screening TRIPS Trusted Computing Video Games Wikileaks WIPO Transparency Uncategorized   Donate to EFF Stay in Touch Email Address Postal Code (optional) NSA Spying eff.org/nsa-spying EFF is leading the fight against the NSA's illegal mass surveillance program. Learn more about what the program is, how it works, and what you can do. Follow EFF What data are Colombian, Mexican and Brazilian telcos handing over to the government? https://www.eff.org/deeplinks... Jan 2 @ 5:26pm Obama never provided a real response to the 100,000 citizens who called for the White House to defend encryption. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks... Jan 2 @ 4:45pm EFF is suing the US government to make it legal to tell you when your gadgets aren't secure. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks... Jan 2 @ 2:28pm Twitter Facebook Identi.ca Projects Bloggers' Rights Coders' Rights Free Speech Weak Links Global Chokepoints HTTPS Everywhere Manila Principles Medical Privacy Project Open Wireless Movement Patent Busting Privacy Badger Student Activism Student Privacy Surveillance Self-Defense Takedown Hall of Shame Teaching Copyright Transparency Project Trolling Effects Ways To Help Thanks RSS Feeds Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Contact EFF JavaScript license information
null
Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store More Today’s best deals: Powerbeats3, wake-up light, and more Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: CBeebies/YouTube Posted Jan 2 Tom Hardy and his dog kick off 2017 in the most adorable fashion 2 Posted Jan 2 The best version of the Star Wars prequels is still the legendarily bad Chinese dub 3 Left: Paul J. Richards/Getty; Right: Twitter Posted Jan 2 In latest flip-flop, Trump retracts support of kittens on the internet 4 Posted Jan 2 Sherlock returns with a sure shock Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire Screenshot: CBeebies/YouTube Tom Hardy and his dog kick off 2017 in the most adorable fashion Photo: Getty Images, David M. Benett Ridley Scott’s turned down superhero movies because of their “non-reality” The Latest From Features Illustration: Nick Wanserski Always room for improvement: 17 resolutions for pop culture in 2017 The intense, complex, bitter joys of fernet The Latest From Reviews B- Nine Inch Nails' Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor. (Photo: John Crawford) Nine Inch Nails starts anew on Not The Actual Events B Image: Karl Gustafson. Background image: Daniel Clowes' "Looking At A City" We Told You So is an invaluable if imperfect primer on Fantagraphics and comics as art The Latest From Videos Squee and squeal: Watch adorable little girls share their favorite pig jokes   The best and worst swag of 2016   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Left: Paul J. Richards/Getty; Right: Twitter In latest flip-flop, Trump retracts support of kittens on the internet The best version of the Star Wars prequels is still the legendarily bad Chinese dub All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Deals Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Powerbeats3, wake-up light, and more By Shep McAllister Jan 1, 2017 11:14 AM Share Tweet Our friends from Kinja Deals are taking over Income Disposal. Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, The A.V. Club and Gizmodo Media Group may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more, and don’t forget to sign up for our email newsletter. We want your feedback. You’ll find a selection of the day’s best deals below, but for more, be sure to visit Kinja Deals. Philips Wake-Up Light HF3500, $58 If you still haven’t upgraded your morning routine up a life-changing wake-up light, the new year is a great excuse to try one out. The entry-level Philips HF3500 is currently marked down to $58, down from its usual $70 (though not an all-time low). While there are higher end models with color-shifting light and multiple wake-up sounds, I’ve been a satisfied user of this model for two years, and can’t recommend it highly enough. Powerbeats3 Wireless Headphones With Apple W1 Chip, $150 Beats sound quality has come a long way in recent years, and the new Powerbeats 3 even include Apple’s easy-pairing W1 chip, making them a great option for iPhone-owning fitness buffs, or anyone whose ears aren’t compatible with AirPods. They’re still only a few months old, but for a limited time, Amazon’s taking $50 off. Schwinn 430 Elliptical Machine, $475 If your new year’s resolution is to get in better shape (I’m being rhetorical here; everyone’s resolution is to get in better shape), this discounted elliptical means you might actually do it. If you’ve got the space for it, $475’s a steal. Kindle Classics Ebook Sale You’re never going to believe this, but Amazon’s running a Kindle ebook sale. To kick off the new year, they’re discounting a handful of true literary classics that everyone should read at some point in their lives. Mpow Smartphone Dry Bag, $5 with code 4GFY93WH | 2-Pack, $8 with code SMFU7LNE These deals may be a little out of season, but if you’re planning any wintertime tropical getaways, these inexpensive dry bags will keep your precious smartphone safe from surf and sand alike. For the rest of the best New Year’s Day deals, be sure to head over to Kinja Deals. Share Tweet Filed Under: Deals More Income Disposal Previous Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Kindle ebooks, TurboTax, and more Next Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Life Of Brian, fitness discounts, and more WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Income Disposal Today’s best deals: Life Of Brian, fitness discounts, and more Jan 2, 2017 10:26 AM Today’s best deals: Powerbeats3, wake-up light, and more Jan 1, 2017 11:14 AM Today’s best deals: Kindle ebooks, TurboTax, and more Dec 31, 2016 10:19 AM Today’s best deals: Amazon Digital Day, toaster ovens, and more Dec 30, 2016 10:52 AM A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: CBeebies/YouTube Posted Jan 2 Tom Hardy and his dog kick off 2017 in the most adorable fashion 2 Posted Jan 2 The best version of the Star Wars prequels is still the legendarily bad Chinese dub 3 Left: Paul J. Richards/Getty; Right: Twitter Posted Jan 2 In latest flip-flop, Trump retracts support of kittens on the internet 4 Posted Jan 2 Sherlock returns with a sure shock Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
A look back at 50 years of innovations unveiled at CES | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement A look back at 50 years of innovations unveiled at CES The Belle Wood stand at the CES in the 1970s. (CTA) Relaxnews Published Sunday, January 1, 2017 2:21PM EST Several major multimedia innovations have emerged at the American trade show, which is held in Las Vegas every year. The two most famous examples are perhaps the video recorder, presented by Sony in 1970 when it premiered its U-Matic system prototype, and the compact disc (CD) premiered in 1981, which was also developed by Sony in collaboration with Philips. CES was also the venue for the display of the first DVDs (Toshiba, 1996) and the first Blu-ray discs (Sony, 2003), which finally vanquished the competing HD DVD format (Toshiba). Among the consumer appliances that first appeared at CES, the most noteworthy are the camcorder (JVC and Sony, 1981), and the first plasma screens (Toshiba and Hitachi, 2001). There were also other inventions that didn't survive the test of time: who can remember the LaserDisc (Philips, 1974), the CD-i (Philips and Sony, 1991) or the MiniDisc (Sony, 1993). In the area of video games, CES hosted the presentation of such legendary consoles as the NES (Nintendo, 1985) and the Xbox (Microsoft, 2001). More recently, the CES has seen the first OLED televisions and the first 3D TVs. And let's not forget that Las Vegas also premiered the first Android tablets, just a few weeks before Apple launched the iPad in 2010. The first-ever CES, which was held in New York in June 1967, brought together some 200 exhibitors. Since then the event has moved to Nevada, and become the key trade fair of its kind. Every year the CES welcomes more than 3,500 exhibitors from around the world. Related Stories Wearables, virtual reality and 'connected' cars: Tech trends to watch in 2017 Related Links Major innovations presented at the CES since 1967 Report Error More News from Sci-Tech SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, plans new launch Las Vegas tech show looks beyond 'smart' to new 'realities' South Texas fossil could be reptile that swam 90M years ago A look back at 50 years of innovations unveiled at CES Pollution alert: China starts 2017 engulfed by smog Samsung unveils new Galaxy A smartphone Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Istanbul nightclub attack: Family confirms Ont. woman killed CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Pit bull mix attacks family that tried to dress it in sweater 2 Bag that washed ashore is from plane carrying 6, police say 3 Proud mom Pink shares first sibling photo with new baby 4 Gas will be 'far more expensive' in 2017: analyst 9 5 Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim 2 6 Canadian killed in Istanbul attack identified 11 7 Loyal dog protects injured friend from passing train 1 8 Will free passes be bad for Canada's national parks? 2 9 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' 10 Canadian dead after New Year's Eve party in Thailand: report 1 Don't Miss false Roads to ice rinks: Chilly temperatures transform Vancouver false Village sale: Que. town making headlines on market for $2.8M false LIVE as it happens: Awaiting arrival of second eaglet You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Canadian killed in Istanbul attack identified Gas will be 'far more expensive' in 2017: analyst Vancouver schools still not safe from earthquakes: former trustee WORLD At least 56 inmates killed in prison riot in northern Brazil 3 released in Dakota Access pipeline stadium protest Trump expected to name lawyer Lighthizer as top trade rep ENTERTAINMENT Proud mom Pink shares first sibling photo with new baby 'Rogue One' tops box office for third straight weekend John Berger, art critic and author of 'Ways of Seeing,' dies at 90 HEALTH Canadian-made blood test for concussions could radically simplify diagnosis Stem cells offer new hope for scleroderma patient More concussion research needed for women, advocates say POLITICS The challenges ahead for the Liberal government Canada seeking common ground, not confrontation as NAFTA talks open Alberta minister says province 'still standing' on Day 2 of carbon tax SCI-TECH SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, plans new launch Las Vegas tech show looks beyond 'smart' to new 'realities' South Texas fossil could be reptile that swam 90M years ago BUSINESS Stocks start 2017 with gains, but many markets stay shut Dungeness crabbers continue strike from California to Canada Ruling this week on drywall tariffs linked to higher home costs and new jobs AUTOS Hyundai group aims to sell 8.25M cars in 2017 After half century, Volvo overtaken by Volkswagen Golf in Sweden Sacramento Uber driver saves teen girl from sex trafficking SPORTS NHL scores: Tarasenko scores twice as St. Louis tops Chicago 4-1 in Winter Classic IIHF World Junior Hockey: U.S. edges past Swiss for semifinal berth IIHF World Junior Hockey: Sweden routs Slovakia with 8-3 win Lifestyle Buy this 19th-century Quebec village for just $2.8 million Passengers lament 'nickel-and-dime' fees as airlines face thin profit margins 6 steps to getting your home organized in 2017 CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Turkish police release photos of alleged gunman Turkish officials release photos of alleged gunman Vancouver streets turn into skating rinks In Pictures   Memorial for victims in deadly Turkey shooting Castro honoured with military parade in Cuba Welcoming 2017 with a Polar Bear Dip Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks I Won't Be Selling In 2017 These three innovators are worth holding throughout 2017 and beyond. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jan 1, 2017 at 1:33PM Oftentimes, portfolio performance can benefit from lack of action. In other words, investors may be better off simply leaving their stocks alone, and not worrying about timing the market to buy and sell at the right times. "We continue to make more money when snoring than when active," famed investor Warren Buffett has said. On a similar note, he has said, "Our favorite holding period is forever." With this important investment principle in mind, here are three stocks in my portfolio I almost certainly won't be selling in 2017: Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Image source: Getty Images. Tesla Motors: Tesla is likely the riskiest stock of these three. But selling before the automaker launches its lower-cost Model 3, which ultimately represents the realization of the company's "master plan" laid out over 10 years ago, could be a mistake. While the stock's valuation has undoubtedly already priced in expectations for extraordinary growth, 400,000 deposit-backed reservations for the highly anticipated vehicle preview a potential major tipping point toward electric vehicles -- and Tesla would be at the center of this critical shift. Facebook: Facebook stock has run into some road bumps recently. The stock has slid about 11% since the company reported its third-quarter results on Nov. 2. The quarter's results were great, but investors were spooked by management's references to expectations for big investments in 2017. Investors, however, have seen this before. In 2014, Facebook similarly warned investors of plans for big investments -- and the stock has since soared 56%. Obviously, big spending doesn't automatically mean Facebook's stock will rise again. But the world's largest social network has earned my trust with its long-term plans as it charged forward with big investments in mobile, predicted Instagram's huge potential when it purchased it for $1 billion, and improved its native Facebook platform at a blistering speed that competition can't match. And it's not like Facebook can't afford to get more aggressive with its spending. The company generated $2.5 billion of free cash flow in its most recent quarter alone -- up from $1.4 billion in the year-ago quarter. Apple: Apple's revenue and EPS have faced headwinds recently, down 9% and 15%, respectively, in the tech giant's fiscal fourth quarter compared to the year-ago period. So why would I hold onto a business with financial results so dismal? Two reasons: The stock is cheap. With its price-to-earnings ratio of just 14, Apple stock already prices in expectations for sustained challenges. The scale and reach of Apple's robust ecosystem of user-friendly products has proved to be a sustainable foundation for customer loyalty, pricing power, and repeat purchases. Sometimes, it's best just to sit back and give your stocks time to perform. Image source: Getty Images. But beyond these reasons for holding these three stocks throughout 2017, my main motive for holding them is simply to avoid the pitfalls of market timing and to maximize my time invested in stocks. The best way I know to invest is to simply buy solid companies with long-term prospects and hold them for the long haul. Sure, if Tesla, Facebook, or Apple begin to consistently make poor decisions, I may consider selling. But barring any major unexpected issues, I plan to give them the chance to meet -- or possibly even exceed -- my expectations in 2017 and beyond. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple, Facebook, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Facebook, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 1:33PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.07 down $-1.28 (-1.10%) Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $213.69 down $0.99 (-0.46%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? 3 Large-Cap Stocks to Buy in January Facebook and Google Have the Same Problem Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Stocks I Won't Be Selling In 2017 #stocks $AAPL, $FB, $TSLA
huddersfieldexaminerLoad mobile navigation News Latest News West Yorkshire News Business UK & World News Crime Health Education Politics Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On What's On News Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Theatre Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Huddersfield Town Huddersfield Giants Football Rugby League Cricket Rugby Union Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Huddersfield Town Giants Business Property Nostalgia In Your Area Huddersfield See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Dating BuySell Book an Ad Public Notices Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North West Home News West Yorkshire News News Did more celebrities really die in 2016? We look at traffic to famous people's Wikipedia pages in the year before they passed away  Share  Comments BySusie Beever 15:30, 1 JAN 2017 Updated15:09, 1 JAN 2017 News George Michael  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The past year has been punctuated by deaths of icons, starting with the passing of David Bowie and ending on a sad note as we say goodbye to George Michael and Carrie Fisher. And as people have been particularly vocal about the year that has passed and the stars we’ve lost, the Examiner has looked at the toll and totted up if 2016 was a significant year for celebrity deaths. We obtained the traffic statistics for Wikipedia pages for celebrities who have died between 2010 and 2016, working out the most famous to have died by hits on their page. The most famous person by this metric was Margaret Thatcher in 2013, whose profile received 6.5m views in the year leading up to her death. Margaret Thatcher Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was second most famous, receiving 4.4m hits on his page before he died in 2011. Out of the top 20 most famous people by page views, five of them were people we lost this year, including Muhammed Ali, Carrie Fisher, David Bowie, Prince and Fidel Castro. David Bowie - Aladdin Sane CD album cover But when we look at the top 100 celebrities to die since 2010, they are spread fairly evenly through the years. The year 2016 did have the most with 19, just ahead of 2014 with 18 and 2012 with 15. MOST FAMOUS PEOPLE TO DIE, BY WIKIPEDIA TRAFFIC, 2010-16 (TOP 20): Rank / Person / Year of death 1 / Margaret Thatcher / 2013 2 / Steve Jobs / 2011 3 / Nelson Mandela / 2013 4 / Osama bin Laden / 2011 5 / Muhammad Ali / 2016 6 / Robin Williams / 2014 7 / Kim Jong-il / 2011 8 / Neil Armstrong / 2012 9 / Carrie Fisher / 2016 10 / Shirley Temple / 2014 11 / Elizabeth Taylor / 2011 12 / David Bowie / 2016 13 / Prince / 2016 14 / Christopher Hitchens / 2011 15 / Whitney Houston / 2012 16 / Fidel Castro / 2016 17 / Paul Walker / 2013 18 / Jack Kevorkian / 2011 19 / Christopher Lee / 2015 20 / Amy Winehouse / 2011 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Examiner Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments news all Most Read Most Recent M62Man shot and killed in M62 police operation at J24 - what we know so far The westbound slip road at Ainley Top was closed from about 5.30pm today M62Man dies after being shot in M62 police incident - latest updates Live updates following the police incident on the M62 at J24 Ainley Top West Yorkshire PoliceLeisure centre tragedy: Police liaising with family after man's death Huddersfield leisure centre was back open today following Saturday's sad news West Yorkshire NewsHow a Facebook post about a little-known sign of breast cancer saved a Holmfirth woman's life Little known sign of cancer publicised by Australian goes viral Huddersfield town centreHuddersfield town centre store set on fire and burgled twice over Christmas But "Dunkirk spirit" of staff means The Works will not be driven out of town M62Man shot and killed in M62 police operation at J24 - what we know so far The westbound slip road at Ainley Top was closed from about 5.30pm today West Yorkshire NewsHow a Facebook post about a little-known sign of breast cancer saved a Holmfirth woman's life Little known sign of cancer publicised by Australian goes viral LockwoodHow much longer before Lockwood tip site is cleared? Sam Watt, of the Star Inn at Lockwood, says she had to cancel a popular beer festival because of the stink HuddersfieldLocked up in December: Two rapists and a man on the run Ryan Hall, Calum Flanagan and Ben France are all in prison M62Man dies after being shot in M62 police incident - latest updates Live updates following the police incident on the M62 at J24 Ainley Top Most Read Most Recent M62Man shot and killed in M62 police operation at J24 - what we know so far The westbound slip road at Ainley Top was closed from about 5.30pm today M62Man dies after being shot in M62 police incident - latest updates Live updates following the police incident on the M62 at J24 Ainley Top West Yorkshire PoliceLeisure centre tragedy: Police liaising with family after man's death Huddersfield leisure centre was back open today following Saturday's sad news West Yorkshire NewsHow a Facebook post about a little-known sign of breast cancer saved a Holmfirth woman's life Little known sign of cancer publicised by Australian goes viral Huddersfield town centreHuddersfield town centre store set on fire and burgled twice over Christmas But "Dunkirk spirit" of staff means The Works will not be driven out of town M62Man shot and killed in M62 police operation at J24 - what we know so far The westbound slip road at Ainley Top was closed from about 5.30pm today West Yorkshire NewsHow a Facebook post about a little-known sign of breast cancer saved a Holmfirth woman's life Little known sign of cancer publicised by Australian goes viral LockwoodHow much longer before Lockwood tip site is cleared? Sam Watt, of the Star Inn at Lockwood, says she had to cancel a popular beer festival because of the stink Huddersfield Town FCWigan Athletic vs Huddersfield Town: give us your ratings for the Terriers Who stood out and who didn't as Nahki Wells gave David Wagner's men a third successive SkyBet Championship away victory HuddersfieldLocked up in December: Two rapists and a man on the run Ryan Hall, Calum Flanagan and Ben France are all in prison Top Stories M62Man dies after being shot in M62 police incident - latest updates Live updates following the police incident on the M62 at J24 Ainley Top West Yorkshire NewsHow a Facebook post about a little-known sign of breast cancer saved a Holmfirth woman's life Little known sign of cancer publicised by Australian goes viral HuddersfieldLocked up in December: Two rapists and a man on the run Ryan Hall, Calum Flanagan and Ben France are all in prison LockwoodHow much longer before Lockwood tip site is cleared? Sam Watt, of the Star Inn at Lockwood, says she had to cancel a popular beer festival because of the stink Huddersfield town centre"I've seen life at the sharp end - I know I can help" Recovering alcoholic's lifeline for homeless He says he is well placed to help because he has spent 24 years battling addiction Huddersfield town centreHuddersfield town centre store set on fire and burgled twice over Christmas But "Dunkirk spirit" of staff means The Works will not be driven out of town West Yorkshire PoliceLeisure centre tragedy: Police liaising with family after man's death Huddersfield leisure centre was back open today following Saturday's sad news Huddersfield Royal InfirmaryNeighbours tell how fire engulfed home in the early hours of the morning Brave young woman run in to blazing house HuddersfieldMystery of missing locket solved already And the lady who owns it never even knew she'd lost it! Huddersfield Town FCWigan Athletic 0 Huddersfield Town 1: Nahki Wells strikes again to seal vital win It's a fifth win in six SkyBet Championship encounters and a third successive one on the road for David Wagner's men BirkbyNeighbour of Hungarian man seriously hurt in Huddersfield attack tells of her shock 35-year-old is in induced coma in hospital fighting for his life Kirklees CouncilWhich famous Huddersfield artist says the Francis Bacon should be sold? And he says Sotherby's needs to sell it News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North West This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram European capitals ramp up security for New Year's Eve By Lindsay Isaac, CNN Updated 2:11 PM ET, Fri December 30, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED France tightens security for the holidays Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH France tightens security for the holidays 02:47 Story highlights Barriers are being put up in several cities to guard against truck attacks Extra security preps due to an abundance of caution, no credible threats London (CNN)Holiday gatherings of large crowds always require extra security, but even more protective measures are being put in place for New Year's Eve festivities in European capitals and the US this year. The moves follow truck-ramming attacks in Berlin and Nice, France; as well as bomb attacks in Istanbul, Turkey, and stabbings and shootings in Germany, France, the Netherlands, Belgium, the UK and Denmark. Berlin Up to 4,600 extra police officers will be deployed around the German capital, more than double the number of additional personnel who were deployed for New Year's Eve last year. Police armed with machine guns will be on patrol throughout the city, traffic checkpoints will be set up and bag checks will be conducted. Police will cordon off the Brandenberg Gate, a focal point of celebrations where one million revelers are expected to gather. JUST WATCHED Berlin truck caught on dashcam Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Berlin truck caught on dashcam 00:55 Twelve people were killed and at least 48 more injured when a truck plowed through an open-air Christmas market in Berlin on the evening of December 19. JUST WATCHED Berlin attack suspect vowed loyalty to ISIS Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Berlin attack suspect vowed loyalty to ISIS 02:27 Read More Anis Amri, a 24-year-old Tunisian who pledged allegiance to ISIS in a video before the attack, is accused of hijacking the steel-filled tractor-trailer, killing the Polish driver and plowing through the crowded market. He fled Berlin after the attack and was killed in a shootout with Italian police in Milan on December 23. Paris The City of Light has mobilized 10,300 police, gendarmes, military and fire personnel for New Year's Eve. According to Paris police chief Michel Cadot, 1,700 police officers will be deployed on the French capital's Champs-Elysées, where bag and coat checks will be conducted at 24 checkpoints around the area. In addition, 230 private agents have also been hired by the mayor's office, a first for the city. JUST WATCHED French resort town reels from terror attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH French resort town reels from terror attack 01:36 In response to the truck attack in Berlin earlier this month and one in Nice on July 14 -- in which Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel drove a 20-ton truck into crowds on the Promenade des Anglais seafront during a fireworks celebration, killing 85 and injuring more than 200 -- concrete studs are being added as a preventative measure around the perimeter of the Champs-Elysées. Officials have canceled the fireworks launch from the Eiffel Tower, replacing it with a light and pyrotechnic show. London Around 3,000 officers will be on duty across central London on New Year's Eve, both within and outside the ticketed areas where events are taking place. Armed officers regularly patrol the London Underground system and these patrols will be extended through Sunday, as was the case last New Year's Eve. JUST WATCHED Meet the high-tech cops fighting terror Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Meet the high-tech cops fighting terror 01:16 A British Transport Police spokesman told CNN that the decision to extend patrols was taken many months ago, before the Berlin attack, and is not in response to any specific intelligence or threat. Across the country, police officers will be deployed at train and tube stations. Rome More than 1,000 uniformed and plain clothes officers will patrol the Italian capital over New Year's Eve and New Year's Day. The officers will be mainly deployed around the Circus Maximus and along bridges over the Tiber river. Vehicles will be barred from the bridges and barriers will be places around gathering areas. Heightened security is in place for New Year's Eve festivities in Rome. In a statement, Rome police said the measures "are designed to achieve the maximum security without generating excessive barriers or concerns." Police have also launched a social network campaign with the hashtag: #dacciunamano, or "give us a hand," which will allow revelers "to share with the authorities any notice of strange or alarming situations.. Police say there is no specific information on a threat to the city. In Naples, an extra 800 security agents will be patrolling the streets, officials said. New York The New Year's Eve celebration in the Big Apple will for the first time have 65 sand trucks around the area of Times Square, New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill said at a briefing Thursday. Chief of Departments Carlos Gomez said the vehicles will be placed in strategic locations. Preparations are under way in Times Square ahead of the New Year's Eve celebration. The enhanced security measures are not based on any new credible threat or intelligence, but are purely a precaution due to the continued calls from ISIS for its sympathizers to carry out truck-style attacks, a law enforcement source previously told CNN. O'Neill said that "at this time we have no direct concerns related to terrorism, to Times Square specifically, or New Year's Eve in general" adding that the NYPD monitors and assesses threats 24 hours a day and confers regularly with law enforcement. There is no specific or credible threat to NYC, but if you see something, say something -- alert an officer, call 911 or 888-NYC-SAFE. #NYE pic.twitter.com/068UpnzOmj— NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 30, 2016 Mayor Bill de Blasio said on New Year's Eve, people will see "extraordinary" assets deployed from the NYPD, including the Critical Response Command and Strategic Response Group, and there is a lot "you will not see." As many as 7,000 NYPD officers will work the event, Gomez said. There will be highly visible heavy weapons teams in Times Square and other areas outside the city, he added. Explosive detecting canines will be deployed in Times Square and through the subway system, Gomez said. Police details have also been increased at Coney Island and Central Park -- which will also be ringed by sand trucks and blocker cars, NYPD Assistant Chief Terry Monahan said. CNN's Livia Borghese, Nadine Schmidt, Hillary McGann, Camille Verdier, Jamie Gray and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Not enough homeowners claim these amazing federal incentives Reverse mortgages: Are they working? People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor Kansas man turns $10,000 into $8 million The Motley Fool A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card NextAdvisor Forget Apple! Here's a better stock to buy The Motley Fool Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Samsung TVs May Get Functions Similar To Chromecast Via Smart View Update 31 December 2016, 2:30 pm EST By Chris Loterina Tech Times Latest News And Scoop On Cars And Auto TechNow Playing Wearable Tech - The Rise Of Smartwatches, FitBands, Smartglasses And MoreNow Playing Samsung accidentally outed its recent move to equip its Smart TVs with content streaming features like those offered by Chromecast. The leak came through the latest description of its Smart View app at the App Store.  ( Samsung | App Store ) Advertisement Several days ago, Samsung announced that it will be unveiling new personalized smart TV services at the upcoming CES 2017. One of these services is called TV Plus and based on a recent leak, it is going to be a part of a Samsung media platform embedded in its next-generation televisions. The feature is similar to the service provided by Google Chromecast. The leak came straight from Samsung's Smart View app, which has long allowed its users to sync media files from a Samsung smartphone to a Samsung smart television. Smart View's latest version at the App Store includes information that reveals Samsung's streaming ambition. Aggregating Media Content One of the images posted in the app's description shows a Live TV tab under the Living Room TV section. Like in Chromecast, the Smart TV could also stream media content providers such as YouTube, Hulu, and Amazon Prime Video. Essentially, the concept is not unlike smartphone casting wherein media content from the device is beamed to the Samsung smart TV. Some tech observers note that Netflix is noticeably absent from the posted media providers that will eventually be supported. This probably means Samsung has also failed to secure rights to stream Netflix content, a problem that Apple has also encountered for its own media platform. It is also worth noting that Samsung has already inked a deal with Fandango, which will start providing content for its streaming channels. What is particularly interesting is that all content accessible from Samsung's Smart TV will no longer require a separate device or media dongle like the Chromecast or Roku, as content can be directly controlled from a user's smartphone. This is not an entirely new phenomenon, of course. Vizio, a rival TV manufacturer, has already integrated Chromecast into its TV sets. Rather than a smartphone or a remote, the company has been shipping its higher-end models with a tablet-like contraption used to navigate the interface. Samsung's Response Samsung has not released any statement about the leak. However, one can turn to its previous pronouncement for more insight. "At Samsung, one of our top priorities is ensuring that we are closely in tune with what consumers want and need from their smart devices and electronics," Won Jin Lee, executive vice president at Samsung Electronics, said when TV Plus was announced. "We continue to innovate our Smart TV offering in order to provide the content experiences that our customers have come to know and expect from Samsung." TAG Samsung, Samsung Smart TV, App Store, Chromecast © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles LG Launches LG Stylus 3 As Affordable Galaxy Note Alternative And Updated Mid-Range K Series Ahead Of CES 2017 Asus Releases CES 2017 Teaser Video: What to Expect At The Zennovation Event CES 2017: TCL Could Unveil QWERTY BlackBerry Phone, Company President Hints CES 2017: LG To Unveil A New 4K HDR Monitor Equipped With A USB Type-C Port What To Expect From Sony's CES 2017 Conference: Snapdragon 820 Phones, SmartWatch 4 And More From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Valve Outs Best-Selling Steam Games Of 2016, Slashes Prices: 'No Man's Sky,' 'The Division,' 'Rocket League,' And More 2 Space NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth 3 Smart Home CES 2017: Expect Samsung To Change The Way You Look At Laundry With FlexWash And FlexDry Advertisement 4 Computers The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech How To Fix Android 7.1.1 Problems In Nexus And Pixel Phones: Battery And Connectivity Issues 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Life & Style 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? 8 Internet Netflix vs. Amazon Prime Video: Which Streaming Service Is Better For 2017? 9 Video Games Nintendo Switch Might Not Have Enough Power To Support Current-Gen Ports 10 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Increase Happiness Quickly EDITOR'S PICKS 2016 Extra 'Leap Second' Longer Because Of Ocean Waves Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android Nougat Update Will Vary Between 7.0 And 7.1.1 In Different Regions: What About Note 5 And S6 Variants? Dinosaur That Lost Teeth As An Adult May Explain Why Birds Have Toothless Beak Only 7,100 Cheetahs Left In The Wild: Extinction Looming For World's Fastest Mammal Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked China Confirms EmDrive Research, Plans To Use The Technology On Chinese Satellites As Soon As Possible Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website This Breathalyzer Can Diagnose 17 Diseases With Just One Puff From A Patient New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Jan 02, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp TSMC bolsters semiconductor market PRODUCTION BOOST:The company is planning to invest about NT$550 billion in the Central Taiwan Science Park over the next two years to fill orders for its major clients Staff writer, with CNA Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC, 台積電) contributed the most to the market capitalization growth of Taiwanese semiconductor shares last year, Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) data showed. The local bourse closed trading for the year on Friday last week with the cap of total semiconductor shares in the market having increased by NT$1.02 trillion (US$31.6 billion) to about NT$7 trillion last year, up 17.4 percent from 2015, the data showed. TSMC, the world’s largest contract chipmaker, last year posted a market cap increase of NT$998.3 billion, up 26.92 percent from the previous year and making it the biggest contributor to the NT$7 trillion market capitalization of the sector. The Hsinchu-based company last year registered a market capitalization of NT$4.7 trillion, accounting for 67 percent of the sector’s total. Analysts predict that TSMC’s revenue will grow more than 10 percent annually this year on the back of strong demand for its advanced tech nodes from applications of high-performance computing for gaming, virtual reality and data centers, as well as its lead in advanced process technology. “TSMC will continue to gain full allocation of the next iPhone application processor [chips], namely A11, processed by 10-nanometer technology, as we believe TSMC’s 10-nanometer solutions are better [than its peers’] in terms of performance, power and area of silicon,” Daiwa Securities Co said in a client note last month. TSMC’s 10-nanometer chip production technology was on track to start mass production in the fourth quarter of last year and the firm is expected to begin shipments in the first quarter of this year. Last week, the company passed the final environmental impact assessment for a capacity expansion plan in central Taiwan, helping boost its 10-nanometer chip production this year. The passage means that “we can push ahead with our 10-nanometer mass production plan at the Central Taiwan Science Park (中部科學園區),” TSMC spokesperson Elizabeth Sun (孫又文) said on Thursday last week. The company — which counts Apple Inc, MediaTek Inc (聯發科) and Hisilicon Technologies Co (海思半導體) as its major clients for 10-nanometer chips — plans to invest about NT$550 billion on the new fabrications in entral Taiwan Science Park through next year. TSMC has begun wafer production for MediaTek’s 10-nanometer chips, with MediaTek planning to ship its new high-end handset chip, the Helio X30, in the second quarter of this year. “While it is the first time that TSMC is producing the 10-nanometer chips, the risk is low because TSMC has been doing pilot production for over a year,” Macquarie Capital Ltd said in a separate note last month. For TSMC’s 10-nanometer chips, Apple will be the volume champion, followed by MediaTek and HiSilicon, and then makers of field programmable gate arrays, such as Xilinx Inc and Altera Corp, Macquarie said. Additional reporting by Lisa Wang This story has been viewed 1897 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All TV & Showbiz All TV & Showbiz Bizarre TV Popcorn Music TV Magazine WANT TO FIND THE ONE? Love Island applications now open as fans rush to be the next Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen Olivia and Alex got engaged in New York on New Year's Eve proving love does blossom on the ITV reality show By ELAINE MCCAHILL 1st January 2017, 1:44 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IF you fancy becoming the next Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen, then get your pen ready as applications are now open for the next season of Love Island. Following the success of the ITV reality show last summer, producers are now looking for a host of beauties who are looking for love for the next series. PA:Press Association 7 Producers are looking for people to head into the Love Island villa in 2017 Last summer’s instalment resulted in three couples with Alex and Olivia recently getting engaged and Scott Thomas and Kady McDermott as well as Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey finding love together. According to TV bosses, the 2017 series “promises to be hotter and sexier than before as producers search for a new group of stunning singles to jet off to a sun kissed paradise ready for the summer of their lives”. Encouraging people to apply, Alex said: “2016 was mine and Olivia’s year and what better way to round it off than proposing to her. “I’m absolutely made up that my wonderful girlfriend has agreed to marry me. Love Island made our year – 2017 could be yours!” Caroline Flack reveals the winners of Love Island 2016 Earlier this week, Olivia and Alex announced their engagement from New York where they are enjoying a romantic break. In the early hours of New Year's Eve, Olivia revealed her boyfriend had got down on one knee and proposed in the Big Apple. Twitter 7 Olivia quickly took to social media to share the happy news in the early hours of Saturday morning Taking to her social media accounts, the 22-year-old shared a snap of the couple cuddling up to each other with her engagement ring clearly in shot. She captioned the image on Twitter: "Am speechless. Thank you for all your messages. I love him. @ab_bowen07." Instagram 7 Alex shared a close up picture of Olivia's stunning engagement ring While on Instagram she wrote alongside the same snap: "I have no words for how happy I am. My fiance my everything @ab_bowen this was magical. So magical." Meanwhile Alex shared a close up of Olivia's new bling on her wedding finger on Instagram with the caption: "She said yes" alongside a heart and Statue of Liberty emoji. RELATED STORIES PUTTING ON A SHOW Cheeky Love Island babe Katie Salmon flashes some underboob and bum on festive getaway with girlfriend 'I won't let trolls think they've won' Love Island's Kady McDermott takes on trolls as she launches fitness business New couple alert? Love Island’s Jessica Hayes flashes her bum in sheer skirt as she enjoys night out with Sam Reece LOVE OF HER LIFE Zara Holland is smitten with new man who's aptly named Elliot Love - but he's never watched Love Island! The happy couple were quickly congratulated by Love Island host Caroline Flack, who wrote on Twitter: "Congratulations my little lovebugs... LOVE ISLAND WEDDING". Clearly excited, Olivia replied: "Eeeeek! get ready for the engagement party of the century boo". Instagram 7 The lovebirds are currently enjoying a New Year trip to New York Twitter 7 Love Island host Caroline Flack was quick to congratulate the pair Danielle Lloyd also shared her joy at the new on social media, tweeting Olivia: "Congrats my little lovely!! U deserve it" alongside a series of love-related emojis. Alex and Olivia were runners up on Love Island, losing out in the final to winning couple Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey. Fame Flynet 7 The couple got together on Love Island over the summer Twitter 7 Olivia has promised an epic engagement party when they return from America Olivia had previously been coupled with Daniel Lukakis, Rykard Jenkins and Adam Maxted on the show before getting together with Alex, and the couple have gone from strength the strength ever since. Alex recently moved into Olivia's Wolverhampton pad and bought a cute French Bulldog puppy called Reggie together. If you think this could be you next year, producers are now on the look out for applicants who want a summer of love and lust, with all budding Love Islanders invited to apply at itv.com/loveisland. Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 The Sun Topics Alex Bowen Kady McDermott Karren Brady Olivia Buckland Scott Thomas Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in TV & Showbiz er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz ‘I’M HONESTLY BROKEN’ EastEnders star Samantha Womack too distraught to respond to fans as Ronnie dies TV & Showbiz 'THIS IS DISGUSTING' Cheryl's pregnancy is 'confirmed' in tweet - but all is not what it seems and fans are fuming TV & Showbiz What happens next? EastEnders' Max Branning wakes up to a horrifying discovery following death of Roxy and wife Ronnie TV & Showbiz life's a beach Nicole Scherzinger writhes around in the sand as she soaks up the sun on trip home to Hawaii TV & Showbiz NEW YEAR, NEW WALLPAPER? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson flashes abs in sexy selfie... but fans are distracted by something else TV & Showbiz Most Popular ALL CHANGE? From better wages to more expensive motoring... the new laws coming your way this year Living er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz All grown up! Remember Lauren Branning from EastEnders? Here's what she looks like now Living dear deidre I'm having incredible sex with my stepmum and she says she's going to leave my dad to be with me Living Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz NYE TRICK Here's how a mum tricked her kids into thinking it was midnight at 10:30 last night, so she could go to bed early Living SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz CHEEKY CHIPPIE REQUEST Cheeky customer puts in order with local chip shop to bring her cold and flu pills... and they oblige Living 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Newsletters Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS Mobile Username View Profile Edit Profile Log Out Log in Create Account The Chicago Reader News & Politics Music Arts & Culture Film Food & Drink Classifieds Browse News & Politics News & Politics home page Derrick Clifton | Identity & Culture Anne Ford | Chicagoans John Greenfield | Transportation Ben Joravsky | Politics Michael Miner | Media Dan Savage | Savage Love Browse Music Music home page Gossip Wolf In Rotation Record roundups Leor Galil | Music Criticism Peter Margasak | Music Criticism Soundboard: Concerts this week Early Warnings: Concerts on horizon Browse Film Film home page J.R. Jones | Movie Reviews Index of Long Reviews Film Archive: Short Reviews Now Playing Today's Showtimes Browse Arts & Culture Arts & Culture home page Tony Adler | Theater Deanna Isaacs | Culture Justin Hayford | Theater Aimee Levitt | Features Brianna Wellen | Comedy Arts & Culture event search Browse Food & Drink Food & Drink home page Mike Sula | Restaurant Reviews Key Ingredient: A chef-to-chef challenge Cocktail Challenge Bar Guide Restaurant search Browse The Bleader The Bleader blog home page Browse Classifieds Classifieds home page Real Estate Rentals Announcements Services Merchandise Jobs (Monster) Place an ad People Issue 2016 Best of Chicago Early Warnings Soundboard Agenda Events Places Fun & Free All News Arts Film Food Music Archives | RSS Tweet Share « WCIU premieres Chicago’s One Night…  |  Stuff we read—and liked!—in 2016 » Thursday, December 29, 2016 News / Did You Read __________? The Chicago Police Department is recruiting black and Hispanic candidates, and other news Posted By Kate Shepherd on 12.29.16 at 08:57 AM click to enlarge Ashlee Rezin/For the Sun-Times Chicago Police Department superintendent Eddie Johnson announced in September that the department would be hiring 970 new police officers over the next two years. Welcome to the Reader's morning briefing for Thursday, December 29, 2016. Weather: A bit of snow is possible It will be colder Thursday, with a high of 36 and a low of 24. Snow flurries are possible in the afternoon, and it will be windy again. [AccuWeather] CPD is actively recruiting more black and Hispanic officers The Chicago Police Department is stepping up its efforts to recruit minority officers as it prepares to hire nearly 1,000 new cops. The department hopes to hire more black and Hispanic officers, and to that end is hosting open houses in minority neighborhoods. "Growing up I was kind of always out and being bad and stuff," potential recruit Fabiola Camacho, a 21-year-old Latina, told the Wall Street Journal at a recent hiring open house. "After a while you kind of grow out of it. I decided I wanted to help girls that were in my exact situation." [Wall Street Journal] The most dangerous block in Chicago It's a residential area with a day care center, but the 4400 block of West Monroe in Garfield Park has been the most dangerous block in the city in 2016. There have been eight shootings there this year, leaving ten people wounded and one person dead. "I don't think it's safe here any time," a landlord on the block told DNAinfo Chicago. Chicago Police superintendent Eddie Johnson attributes the violence on the west side to drugs. [DNAinfo Chicago] Rahm: All Chicago cops will be wearing body cameras by the end of 2017 CPD is fast-tracking its body-camera program, and all cops will be wearing them by the end of next year. The program launched in January 2015; now all officers will have them a year ahead of schedule. "Body cameras, while not a panacea, are a win-win for officers and the public," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement Wednesday. "They provide a firsthand look at the dangerous situations officers encounter on a daily basis, and improve transparency while building trust." [Reuters] Northwestern study: At least two years of music education changes the teenage brain Studying music for at least two years can change teenagers' brains by improving their focus and ability to process sound, according to a new study from the Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory at Northwestern University. Researchers studied students in band or choir at several local high schools for five years. "What is really kind of stunning is that these ingredients that are important for language are also the same ones that are strengthened by making music," neurobiologist Nina Kraus told WBEZ. [WBEZ] The Magnificent Mile is expanding south with the upcoming Apple store The highly anticipated Apple Store near the Riverwalk at 401 N. Michigan could be a game changer for Michigan Avenue retail, according to the Tribune. The most-coveted Magnificent Mile spots had always been farther north, with Water Tower Place as the "center of gravity." "There's a very big expectation that Apple will be a major driver of traffic and in turn, retail will want to surround it," David Stone, president of Stone Real Estate, told the newspaper. "The question is when and if (those expectations) will be realized." In recent years Dylan's Candy Bar, Ghirardelli Chocolate, and Peet's Coffee have moved into the area. Ulta Beauty is also planning a 11,500-square-foot store nearby at 430 N. Michigan. [Tribune] Tags: Chicago Police Department, Chicago, race, police issues, gun violence, Rahm Emanuel, police body cameras, Northwestern University, education, arts education, music, Apple, Magnificent Mile, retail, Water Tower Place, Image Tweet Share Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread More by Kate Shepherd Former CPD top cop McCarthy slams police, and other news Also, Rahm considered a city-only lottery to generate revenue. by Kate Shepherd Dec 30, 2016 Remembering Carrie Fisher's Blues Brothers time in Chicago, and other news Also, a billionaire actually asked Rahm to close Monroe Street in the Loop during his daughter's wedding. by Kate Shepherd Dec 28, 2016 Report: President Barack Obama is planning to say farewell at McCormick Place, and other Chicago news Also, who knew that being the city's "harbor boss" was such a challenging gig? by Kate Shepherd Dec 27, 2016 More » Agenda Teaser 01.02.17 Galleries & Museums Inspired by Social Issues Bridgeport Art Center November 18 Galleries & Museums Diana Thater: The Sympathetic Imagination Museum of Contemporary Art October 29 More Agenda Teaser » Tabbed Event Search All Music Movies Arts -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Monday, January 2 Tuesday, January 3 Wednesday, January 4 Thursday, January 5 Friday, January 6 Saturday, January 7 Sunday, January 8 Monday, January 9 Tuesday, January 10 Wednesday, January 11 Thursday, January 12 Friday, January 13 Saturday, January 14 Sunday, January 15 Monday, January 16 Tuesday, January 17 Wednesday, January 18 Thursday, January 19 Friday, January 20 Saturday, January 21 Sunday, January 22 Monday, January 23 Tuesday, January 24 Wednesday, January 25 Thursday, January 26 Friday, January 27 Saturday, January 28 Sunday, January 29 Monday, January 30 Tuesday, January 31 Wednesday, February 1 -All Event Categories- FALL ARTS FOOD & DRINK   Drink Events   Food Events   New Year's Day Brunch   New Year's Eve Dining   Thanksgiving   Valentine's Day GALLERIES & MUSEUMS   Galleries   Galleries: Openings & Receptions   Museums   Museums: Openings & Receptions   Special Events HOLIDAY EVENTS LIT & LECTURES   Chicago Humanities Festival   Lectures   Literary Events MUSIC   Blues, Gospel, and R&B   Classical   Dance   Experimental   Fairs & Festivals   Folk & Country   Hip-Hop   In-Stores   International   Jazz   Miscellaneous   Open Mikes and Jams   Rock, Pop, Etc OTHER STUFF   Green Events   Halloween   Holiday Shopping   Inaugural Events   New Year's Eve Parties & Events   Parties   Pride Weekend   St. Patrick's Day   Valentine's Day PERFORMING ARTS   Dance   Holiday Shows   Improv/Sketch   Spoken Word/Poetry Slams/Open Mikes   Stand-Up   Theater & Performance SPONSORED SUMMER GUIDE   Beer   Biking   Dog-Friendly   Fairs & Festivals   Farmers Markets   Illinois   Indiana   Lake & River   Michigan   Music Festivals   Scavenger Hunts & Races   Wisconsin -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Monday, January 2 Tuesday, January 3 Wednesday, January 4 Thursday, January 5 Friday, January 6 Saturday, January 7 Sunday, January 8 Monday, January 9 Tuesday, January 10 Wednesday, January 11 Thursday, January 12 Friday, January 13 Saturday, January 14 Sunday, January 15 Monday, January 16 Tuesday, January 17 Wednesday, January 18 Thursday, January 19 Friday, January 20 Saturday, January 21 Sunday, January 22 Monday, January 23 Tuesday, January 24 Wednesday, January 25 Thursday, January 26 Friday, January 27 Saturday, January 28 Sunday, January 29 Monday, January 30 Tuesday, January 31 Wednesday, February 1 -All Neighborhoods- CENTRAL   Gold Coast/Mag Mile/Streeterville   Loop   Museum Campus   Near North   Near South Side   Printers Row   River North   South Loop   Other Central   *REGION UNDEFINED NORTH   Albany Park   Andersonville   DePaul   Edgewater   Lakeview   Lincoln Park   Lincoln Square   North Center   Old Town   Ravenswood   Rogers Park/West Rogers Park   Roscoe Village   Uptown   West Ridge   Wrigleyville   Other North NORTHWEST   Avondale   Belmont Cragin   Irving Park   Jefferson Park   Logan Square   Portage Park   Other Northwest WEST   Austin   Garfield Park   Greektown   Humboldt Park   Lawndale   University Village/Little Italy   Near West Side   River West   Ukrainian Village/East Village   United Center   West Loop/Fulton Market   Wicker Park/Bucktown   West Town/Noble Square   Other West SOUTH SIDE   Pilsen/Little Village   Beverly   Bridgeport   Bronzeville   Bronzeville/ Kenwood/ Washington Park   Chatham   Chinatown   Englewood   Hyde Park   Oakland/ Kenwood   Pullman   South Shore   Washington Park   Woodlawn   Other South SOUTHWEST   Brighton Park   Ford City   Marquette Park   McKinley Park   West Lawn   Other Southwest SUBURBS NORTH   Evanston   Lincolnwood   Skokie   Other Suburbs North SUBURBS NORTHWEST   Suburbs Northwest   Other Suburbs Northwest SUBURBS WEST   Other Suburbs West   Berwyn   Cicero   Forest Park   Oak Park/River Forest SUBURBS SOUTH   Suburbs South SUBURBS SOUTHWEST   Suburbs Southwest OUT OF STATE   Indiana   Wisconsin OTHER ILLINOIS   Other Illinois -All Films- Antonio Gaudi Arrival Assassin's Creed Assassin's Creed 3D Bringing Out the Dead Collateral Beauty Dangal Die Hard Die Hard Doctor Strange The Eagle Huntress The Edge of Seventeen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fences Hacksaw Ridge Hidden Figures Jackie The King of Comedy La La Land La-La-Land Lion Manchester by the Sea Mean Streets Miss Hokusai Moana Moonlight Neruda Nocturnal Animals Off the Rails Office Christmas Party Passengers Passengers 3D Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rogue One: A Star Wars Story -- An IMAX 3D Experience Rogue One: A Star Wars Story 3D Sagrada: The Mystery of Creation Sing Sing 3D The Taming of the Shrew Why Him? Today Tuesday, January 3 Wednesday, January 4 Thursday, January 5 Friday, January 6 Saturday, January 7 Sunday, January 8 -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Monday, January 2 Tuesday, January 3 Wednesday, January 4 Thursday, January 5 Friday, January 6 Saturday, January 7 Sunday, January 8 Monday, January 9 Tuesday, January 10 Wednesday, January 11 Thursday, January 12 Friday, January 13 Saturday, January 14 Sunday, January 15 Monday, January 16 Tuesday, January 17 Wednesday, January 18 Thursday, January 19 Friday, January 20 Saturday, January 21 Sunday, January 22 Monday, January 23 Tuesday, January 24 Wednesday, January 25 Thursday, January 26 Friday, January 27 Saturday, January 28 Sunday, January 29 Monday, January 30 Tuesday, January 31 Wednesday, February 1 -All Neighborhoods- CENTRAL   Gold Coast/Mag Mile/Streeterville   Loop   Museum Campus   Near North   Near South Side   Printers Row   River North   South Loop   Other Central   *REGION UNDEFINED NORTH   Albany Park   Andersonville   DePaul   Edgewater   Lakeview   Lincoln Park   Lincoln Square   North Center   Old Town   Ravenswood   Rogers Park/West Rogers Park   Roscoe Village   Uptown   West Ridge   Wrigleyville   Other North NORTHWEST   Avondale   Belmont Cragin   Irving Park   Jefferson Park   Logan Square   Portage Park   Other Northwest WEST   Austin   Garfield Park   Greektown   Humboldt Park   Lawndale   University Village/Little Italy   Near West Side   River West   Ukrainian Village/East Village   United Center   West Loop/Fulton Market   Wicker Park/Bucktown   West Town/Noble Square   Other West SOUTH SIDE   Pilsen/Little Village   Beverly   Bridgeport   Bronzeville   Bronzeville/ Kenwood/ Washington Park   Chatham   Chinatown   Englewood   Hyde Park   Oakland/ Kenwood   Pullman   South Shore   Washington Park   Woodlawn   Other South SOUTHWEST   Brighton Park   Ford City   Marquette Park   McKinley Park   West Lawn   Other Southwest SUBURBS NORTH   Evanston   Lincolnwood   Skokie   Other Suburbs North SUBURBS NORTHWEST   Suburbs Northwest   Other Suburbs Northwest SUBURBS WEST   Other Suburbs West   Berwyn   Cicero   Forest Park   Oak Park/River Forest SUBURBS SOUTH   Suburbs South SUBURBS SOUTHWEST   Suburbs Southwest OUT OF STATE   Indiana   Wisconsin OTHER ILLINOIS   Other Illinois Full Agenda » Soundboard » Also Recommended » The Bleader Archive 2016 (1479) Dec 2016 (76) Nov 2016 (120) Oct 2016 (107) Sep 2016 (128) Aug 2016 (119) Jul 2016 (137) Jun 2016 (137) May 2016 (113) Apr 2016 (128) Mar 2016 (150) Feb 2016 (141) Jan 2016 (123) 2015 (1998) Dec 2015 (146) Nov 2015 (143) Oct 2015 (164) Sep 2015 (138) Aug 2015 (177) Jul 2015 (175) Jun 2015 (167) May 2015 (158) Apr 2015 (173) Mar 2015 (191) Feb 2015 (174) Jan 2015 (192) 2014 (2679) Dec 2014 (188) Nov 2014 (187) Oct 2014 (226) Sep 2014 (232) Aug 2014 (228) Jul 2014 (249) Jun 2014 (229) May 2014 (236) Apr 2014 (225) Mar 2014 (221) Feb 2014 (212) Jan 2014 (246) 2013 (2988) Dec 2013 (234) Nov 2013 (222) Oct 2013 (252) Sep 2013 (233) Aug 2013 (239) Jul 2013 (245) Jun 2013 (225) May 2013 (262) Apr 2013 (274) Mar 2013 (263) Feb 2013 (264) Jan 2013 (275) 2012 (3425) Dec 2012 (254) Nov 2012 (325) Oct 2012 (347) Sep 2012 (260) Aug 2012 (262) Jul 2012 (275) Jun 2012 (274) May 2012 (295) Apr 2012 (281) Mar 2012 (317) Feb 2012 (289) Jan 2012 (246) 2011 (2001) Dec 2011 (223) Nov 2011 (178) Oct 2011 (163) Sep 2011 (162) Aug 2011 (171) Jul 2011 (136) Jun 2011 (138) May 2011 (170) Apr 2011 (179) Mar 2011 (191) Feb 2011 (137) Jan 2011 (153) 2010 (3045) Dec 2010 (176) Nov 2010 (219) Oct 2010 (271) Sep 2010 (242) Aug 2010 (254) Jul 2010 (235) Jun 2010 (265) May 2010 (257) Apr 2010 (261) Mar 2010 (270) Feb 2010 (303) Jan 2010 (292) 2009 (3445) Dec 2009 (369) Nov 2009 (290) Oct 2009 (285) Sep 2009 (258) Aug 2009 (298) Jul 2009 (301) Jun 2009 (298) May 2009 (255) Apr 2009 (285) Mar 2009 (293) Feb 2009 (214) Jan 2009 (299) 2008 (3709) Dec 2008 (367) Nov 2008 (336) Oct 2008 (440) Sep 2008 (364) Aug 2008 (236) Jul 2008 (340) Jun 2008 (320) May 2008 (213) Apr 2008 (273) Mar 2008 (279) Feb 2008 (292) Jan 2008 (249) 2007 (2253) Dec 2007 (93) Nov 2007 (149) Oct 2007 (207) Sep 2007 (180) Aug 2007 (207) Jul 2007 (186) Jun 2007 (193) May 2007 (190) Apr 2007 (209) Mar 2007 (217) Feb 2007 (208) Jan 2007 (214) 2006 (681) Dec 2006 (191) Nov 2006 (132) Oct 2006 (102) Sep 2006 (93) Aug 2006 (80) Jul 2006 (73) Jun 2006 (10) Popular Stories Read Shared Comments Bleader A former Chicago bartender returns from Cambodia to mix cocktails from her Phnom Penh bar Annemarie Sagoi brings drinks from Le Boutier, her craft cocktail bar that celebrates Cambodia's "golden age" of rock, to Bar Deville for one night only. By Julia Thiel | 12.30.16 Bleader Video Former CPD top cop McCarthy slams police, and other news 3 Also, Rahm considered a city-only lottery to generate revenue. By Kate Shepherd | 12.30.16 Bleader A Q&A with Fences costars Stephen McKinley Henderson and Jovan Adepo Henderson and Adepo join Denzel Washington and Viola Davis in the film adaptation of August Wilson's Pulitzer Prize-winning play, directed by Washington. By Leah Pickett | 12.30.16 Bleader New Year's Eve parties, New Year's Day hangover events, and more things to do in Chicago this weekend 2 Underground Casino, New Year's Day PJ Brunch, and more happenings from December 30-January 1 By Brianna Wellen | 12.30.16 Bleader Advice from Angela Davis in the aftermath of the election 9 “We will have to struggle over the coming period as we have never struggled before,” said the famed radical feminist. “Freedom is a constant struggle." By Maya Dukmasova | 11.17.16 Bleader The shot that brought the projects down, part one of five 4 How the 1992 killing of Dantrell Davis forever altered not just the landscape of Chicago but urban policy nationwide By Mick Dumke | 10.12.12 Bleader Audio Overlooked guitar god Harvey Mandel borrows Ryley Walker’s band for his new album Forty-seven years after Harvey Mandel played Woodstock with Canned Heat, Snake Pit could be the record that finally gets the guitarist his due. By Steve Krakow | 11.15.16 Bleader The shot that brought the projects down, part five of five 13 How the 1992 killing of Dantrell Davis forever altered not just the landscape of Chicago but urban policy nationwide, part five of five By Mick Dumke | 10.16.12 Bleader Tribune columnists think about Trump so John Kass doesn't have to 24 Why won't the op-ed columnist tackle the president-elect head-on? By Michael Miner | 12.16.16 Bleader If the national anthem is racist, let's rewrite it 18 Take out the lines about slavery and replace them with more uplifting lyrics from an equally famous poem. By Michael Miner | 09.02.16 Bleader One More Reason to Hate Sting 15 A limousine liberal playing a big-money show for the daughter of one of the nastiest despots on the planet = world-class dick move. By Miles Raymer | 02.24.10 Bleader Kim Foxx makes big change days after being sworn in as Cook County state's attorney, and other Chicago news 13 Also, a CNBC host and entrepreneur has purchased a majority stake in Bow Truss coffee. By Kate Shepherd | 12.16.16 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Submission Guidelines About The Reader Staff Reader Careers Contact Us Freelancing Info Advertising Back Issues Reprints Copyright © 2017 Sun-Times Media, LLC. Powered by Foundation
null
Next: up in Opinion: Inquirer Editorial: Mayor Kenney's first year was mostly a success, but challenges await News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Opinion For New Year’s, I’m swearing off Eagles green and all its heartache Updated: January 1, 2017 — 7:17 AM EST Facebook icon 144Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories 49ers fire Chip Kelly, who was upset news leaked early 10:22 AM CNN Host does shots, gets a piercing and has his mic turned off 1:53 PM AP, file A rowdy man cheers on the Eagles in a home game this season against the Green Bay Packers. by Kelly Gail Close icon Kelly Gail Kelly Gail is a writer in New York. My New Year's resolution is not about going to the gym more, losing weight, or saving additional money. My goal for 2017 is to quit the Eagles. I seek to separate myself emotionally from the football team I root for in the hope of eliminating the wild mood swings and depression I experience for five months out of the year. As a lifelong, die-hard Eagles fan who bleeds green, I have long struggled when the team struggles. As I was growing up as the oldest of seven children on the Main Line, football was as much a religion each Sunday as going to Mass. My moods have been dictated by what happens on the field each week. If the Eagles lose, I experience an ache in my heart that lingers long after the last minute is played. When the Birds are the victors, I am exuberant until the next time they play. This season was particularly hard on my emotions. With a new starting rookie quarterback, Carson Wentz, and a new head coach, Doug Pederson, my expectations were low. This was a team that won five games last year and had been pegged to be in a major rebuilding phase. Then the Eagles won their first three games. One of those was after being labeled huge underdogs against the perennially tough Pittsburgh Steelers. A bubble of hope rose within me for a promising year that would defy the odds makers and talking heads on ESPN. Could this be a miracle season? Could I dare to dream they would make the playoffs after finishing in the basement of the NFC East last year? Wentz, the second overall pick of the 2016 draft from North Dakota State, looked solid, poised, and skilled despite his nonexistent NFL experience. The defense appeared to jell despite the earliness of the season. People were jumping on the "Wentz Wagon" and welcoming visitors to "Wentzlyania." I climbed aboard. Then came the inevitable downfall. The team went on to lose in excruciating ways to the Detroit Lions, longtime rival Dallas Cowboys, and the Green Bay Packers. When they lost in the last second to the Baltimore Ravens on Dec. 18, I sank into deeper despair, unable to pep talk my way into a better mood. Even though they recently beat the playoff bound New York Giants, I have decided to walk away. In order to preserve my sanity in 2017, here is the playbook I've drawn up to help me keep my resolution: Stop saying "we." Did you ever notice that most fans use the term "we" to describe their favorite team? I'm guilty. I don't go out there and run a crossing route over the middle of a football field that may give me a concussion, but I constantly refer to the Eagles as "we" in any and all conversations. Being a sports fan enables you to talk to strangers over a shared love of a team. Being able to say "we" in those conversations creates an immediate bond over a mutual passion. If I can train myself to switch pronouns, I will be better able to separate myself emotionally from the Birds. Watch other sports. I played hooky from work in 2008 to take Amtrak from New York City to 30th Street Station to watch the Phillies' championship parade. It's not because I was a fan. I just didn't anticipate being able to see an Eagles celebration in my lifetime. As someone who has lived in the Big Apple for the last 18 years, I may need to switch my loyalties from New York teams to the Flyers, Sixers, and Phillies, to better commiserate with my fellow rabid City of Brotherly Love fans. Get a hobby. Since I have already run the Chicago and New York marathons, I'll need to look for another hobby that gives me the same adrenaline rush. I will have many extra hours a week to devote to another cause. Maybe I'll take up skydiving. Create a support group. Misery loves company. I can start a support group for other Eagles watchers who hopped off the bandwagon after this tough season. We can kick off each session by watching a clip of the 2005 NFC Championship game against the Atlanta Falcons. For those interested, stay tuned for a Facebook invite. Just stop watching. During the 2015 season, I let myself be washed over in misery on the way to a 5-11 Eagles record. I couldn't tear myself away, despite the constant bad moods that plagued me. I have spent years watching every Birds game no matter where I am, even if it has meant skipping family events to do so. I am now determined to spend the next year fighting the urge to spend Sunday glued to the screen for hours. It remains to be seen if I take my own advice and cut myself off completely from my lifetime football habit. But for now I'll start by saying "they" when referencing the Eagles, and see how it goes. Baby steps. kellignyc@gmail.com Published: January 1, 2017 — 7:36 AM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in news News › Hand-in-hand in life, Havertown couple struck down together leaving church Eagles › McLane: Eagles must get help at outside receiver New Jersey › After two weeks on the run, man caught in murder of estranged wife PSU loses epic Rose Bowl in heartbreaking finish Bunch: Democrats, stop blaming Putin and look in the mirror America's still going 'Rogue' and black band agrees to march for Trump Sixers have 'big' expectations for New Year Two more announce they are running against DA Seth Williams Philly's 35-year-old accounting software is somehow still kicking Delaware man shot in Istanbul: 'I didn't move — I just let him shoot me' 2017 Mummers Parade photos Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
NDTVbusinesshindimoviescricketgoodtimesfoodtechautoappsprimeArtWeddings Advertisement Home Reviews Videos Bollywood Hollywood Regional TV Music Photos NDTV.COM   HomeRegional Shah Rukh Khan Shares First Poster Of Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth's Mariyappan Thangavelu Mariyappan first look: "Here's presenting the first look of the biopic on Mariyappan Thangavelu, our very own national hero," wrote Shah Rukh Khan Written by: Nilanjana Basu  | January 01, 2017 15:20 IST (New Delhi) 20 Shares COMMENTS Shah Rukh Khan tweeted for Aishwaryaa's Mariyappan (courtesy, L: Twitter) We are not sure if Shah Rukh Khan partied on New Year's eve but he definitely spent some time on Twitter as he shared the first look of the next film to be helmed by Rajinikanth's daughter Aishwaryaa. The 35-year-old filmmaker will occupy the director's chair yet again for a biopic on high jumper Mariyappan Thangavelu, who won gold for India at 2016's Summer Paralympic games, which took place in Rio de Janeiro. "Here's presenting the first look of the biopic on Mariyappan Thangavelu, our very own national hero," wrote Shah Rukh when he tweeted the first poster on Saturday. The biopic is titled after the high jumper - Mariyappan and is scheduled to hit screens sometime this year. However, the poster doesn't reveal the date of release. The poster features the fictional version of Mariyappan Thangavelu, who fetched gold for India at the Summer Paralympic games for the first time since 2004. The first look features the back side of a reel-life Mariyappan in a mud-stained jersey - he holds his gold medal in one hand and is juxtaposed against a stadium. Aishwaryaa's Mariyappan will release in both Hindi and English, reveals the poster. Shah Rukh Khan wished the very best to Aishwaryaa:   Here's presenting the first look of the biopic on #MariyappanThangavelu, our very own national hero, all the best @ash_r_dhanushpic.twitter.com/oD1avhkC4K ? Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 31, 2016 This is how Aishwaryaa responded to Shah Rukh Khan's tweet:   Thank you so much ! A very happy new year to you and the family. Xx https://t.co/dXJ4LshsG2 ? Aishwaryaa.R.Dhanush (@ash_r_dhanush) December 31, 2016 Aishwaryaa, the daughter of megastar Rajinikanth, is married to South superstar Dhanush and has many titles added to her resume. Aishwaryaa was appointed as the United Nations women's advocate for gender equality earlier this year and also released her memoir Standing On An Apple Box. Talking to NDTV, she revealed the reason behind publishing her memoire - she wrote the she wanted to simplify the ideas surrounding star children. Aishwaryaa has previously directed 3 and Vai Raja Vai. Aishwaryaa made her debut as director with 2012's Tamil thriller 3 starring husband Dhanush. Meanwhile, Shah Rukh was last seen in 2016's Dear Zindagi and has Raees up for release on January 25. Raees stars Shah Rukh as a drug baron and will clash with Hrithik Roshan's Kaabil at the box office.   Highlights This will be Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth's third film as director Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth made her debut as director with Dhanush's 3 Shah Rukh was last seen in 2016's Dear Zindagi 20 Shares Shah Rukh Khan Aishwaryaa Mariyappan Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth   RelatedStories Raees Posters: Shah Rukh Khan Hearts Mahira Khan. We Love It This Shah Rukh Khan Speech Winning The Internet Has A K3G Reference Shah Rukh Khan Gets Honorary Doctorate From Hyderabad University Here's How Shah Rukh Khan's Son AbRam Is Prepping For Christmas Related Videos 0:44 Shah Rukh Khan Gets Honorary Doctorate From Hyderabad University 1:24 None Of My Performance Deserves A National Award: SRK 2:53 Rajnikanth, Big B's Daughters: A Common Journey 17:41 Aishwaryaa on Being Rajinikanth's Daughter and Her Memoir Advertisement Comments Advertisement Advertisement NDTV Reviews Bollywood Hollywood A-Z Videos Latest Special Bollywood Latest Hollywood Latest Regional Latest TV Latest Music Latest Photos Latest About Us Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Computers Tech Q&A: Which is better, Netflix or Amazon? By Kim Komando Published January 01, 2017 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print File photo.  (REUTERS/Mike Blake) Sounding off on Echo Q: I got Amazon Echo for Christmas. It tells me the weather and plays music. What else can it do? It seems like a waste of money to me. A: At its core, Amazon’s Echo is a Bluetooth speaker that responds to voice commands. Its abilities won’t impress everyone, and calling it a “virtual assistant” may sound a little lofty. But I would encourage you to play with this device a little more before taking advantage of your gift receipt. If your house has smart appliances, for example, you may be able to control them remotely. If you lose your smartphone, Alexa may be able to find it for you. Alexa can even tell you jokes. Amazon’s Echo isn’t exactly an android butler, but it has a number of tricks up its virtual sleeve. Click here to learn about Alexa’s five unexpected skills. Breaking up with LinkedIn Q: I am tired of all the notifications I receive from LinkedIn. How can I delete my LinkedIn Account? A: Before you delete your account, remember that you have complete control over those notifications. You can reduce the number of emails sent, or you can terminate them altogether, but you don’t have to recuse yourself from LinkedIn entirely. Many LinkedIn users’ profiles lie dormant for months, but you never know when some curious CEO will discover your astonishing talents and send you an inmail. That said, you have every right to rid yourself of LinkedIn, and doing so is pretty easy. If you panic and change your mind, you also have a short period to revive your account without doing much damage, although some things will be lost. Click here to learn exactly how to permanently end your relationship with LinkedIn. Amazon vs. Netflix Q: I really like Amazon's original programming. Is it worth getting Netflix too? A: Amazon and Netflix are battling tooth and nail to become the dominant streaming video service, but the real winner is you. Both of these services are excellent. They offer rich archives of mainstream movies and television series, and they are producing top-notch original programs at a breakneck pace. No matter what your taste, you can probably find a series to binge-watch on either platform. They both have drawbacks, of course: Amazon doesn’t play on Apple TV, for example, and Netflix has been slow to offer recent movies. If you’re planning to stay in this winter, there’s no harm in subscribing to both. Click here to learn about five exciting new Netflix series in 2017. The many uses of a tablet Q: I use my tablet for email, Facebook, games and watching shows. What else is it good for? A: After a while, a tablet can feel like a stripped-down laptop. Many people curl up in an easy chair and use their tablet the same way as a regular computer, minus the keyboard. At most, the modest screen doubles as a very small TV. But most tablets are more than meets the eye: They can do all kinds of things, like operate appliances, wirelessly transfer data and even control your actual television. The vast majority of tablet owners have no idea how powerful their devices are, but even professional musicians can benefit from these versatile platforms. Click here to read about five things you didn’t know your tablet can do. Cheap alternative to Microsoft Office Q: I am on a budget starting my own business and cannot afford Microsoft Office. Are there any other options for me? A: For many customers, the feeling is terrible: You buy your brand new PC, you excitedly lug it home, you set it up on your desk — and then, to your horror, you discover that Microsoft Office isn’t already installed. You just spent $600 on a laptop, and now you have to shell out even more money for a word processor and spreadsheet. The good news is, there are lots of cheap or free programs that imitate these staples. (For example, try Google Docs or Apple's Pages program.) The bad news is, they might not be fully compatible when you finally do have the money to invest in Office. So what can you do? Try some open-sourced software. Click here to learn about a free Microsoft Office alternative. What questions do you have? Call my national radio show and click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Copyright 2016, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com. Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 5 questions to ask before buying a 2-in-1 computer 2 Best computer discount programs for students 3 Tech Q&A: Which is better, Netflix or Amazon? 4 The 5 coolest military innovations of 2016 5 Protect your phone from secret spyware See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph in the Presidential election - now look what Piers 'Mystic' Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention a host of other surprises that might just come true in 2017) By Piers Morgan for MailOnline Published: 19:22 EST, 31 December 2016 | Updated: 13:24 EST, 1 January 2017 e-mail 956 shares 537 View comments 2016 was the year the pundits called it wrong in almost every regard.  So what on earth could 2017 have in store?  Who better to turn to than our own Piers Morgan, the man who predicted Donald Trump would be President, for a wry look into his crystal ball… JANUARY Piers Morgan predicted that Donald Trump would become President of the United States The Supreme Court backs the High Court’s ruling that Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, triggering formal commencement of Brexit, has to be approved by Parliament. Leave campaigners immediately explode with fury at this decision, saying the very last thing they wanted from Brexit was to be bossed around by our own sovereign law-makers or Parliament. ‘If only we’d stayed in bloody Europe, their judges and politicians would never have let this happen!’ moans Michael Gove from a holiday villa in Marbella. Donald Trump is inaugurated as President of the United States. As he says the oath of office, a distraught Hillary Clinton rushes the podium with a banner saying: ‘I SHOULD BE SAYING THIS, I’M A WOMAN!’ President Trump moves into the White House and promptly announces extensive renovations to turn it into the Gold House. Sir Andy Murray is beaten in the Australian Open final for the sixth time, in straight sets by home-grown bad boy Nick Kyrgios, who celebrates by punching himself repeatedly in the head. An online campaign to ban Murray from being described as British is launched by Wayne Smith, a Ukip-supporting builder from South London. ‘Murray’s a useless Scottish idiot,’ he tweets. ‘Why should we English people have to pretend he’s one of ours?’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Inside the creepy world of 'web cam girls': How young women... Fincy a surf? Amazing photographs capture a pod of dolphins... Share this article Share FEBRUARY  Singer Cheryl with her boyfriend Liam Payne from pop group One Direction Cheryl Tweedy-Cole-Fernandez-Versini-Cole has a baby boy by her boyfriend, Liam Payne from One Direction. They name him Simon. ‘He’s very demanding, never listens to me and spits out his dummy a lot,’ explains Cheryl. Another pop star, Lady Gaga, performs the half-time show at the Super Bowl in Houston. Madonna joins her on stage and claims they are secret sisters, born as part of a hideous government-orchestrated human genome experiment that went badly wrong. ‘Can there be any further evidence that we are the two greatest victims and survivors in the history of mankind?’ Gaga shouts, as they strip naked to sing Born This Way before banking their £20 million fees. Harper Beckham, five, stars in her own catwalk show at London Fashion Week. ‘It was entirely her idea and absolutely nothing to do with me and Victoria shamelessly exploiting our young kids to promote Brand Beckham,’ explains proud dad David. Next morning, Harper is photographed on her way to school. ‘This is a disgusting invasion of our little girl’s privacy,’ rages her father in a press statement delivered at the global launch of his 11-year-old son Cruz’s new album. On the 20th anniversary of Dolly, the first cloned sheep, Jeremy Clarkson reveals he is cloning himself 100 times. This leads to an immediate dramatic fall in UK immigration numbers. MARCH  Theresa May triggers Article 50, formally starting Britain’s exit from Europe, predicts Piers Theresa May triggers Article 50, thus formally starting Britain’s exit from Europe. The world doesn’t immediately end. ‘See,’ says Boris Johnson, below, standing proudly outside Chevening. ‘As I told you in that first draft of my pre-referendum column, all talk of a post-Brexit apocalypse was just a load of old de Pfeffel, as my parents like to call me.’ Next morning, markets tumble, the pound dives, house prices crash and Mrs May declares a state of emergency. ‘See,’ says Boris, now in hiding at his heavily barricaded holiday home in Greece surrounded, ironically, by ancient crumbling ruins: ‘As I told you in the second draft of my pre-referendum column, all that talk of a post-Brexit apocalypse was absolutely… spot-on.’ Donald Trump announces work will begin on his much-anticipated plan to secure the 1,000-mile southern border with Mexico – dubbed ‘The Concrete Curtain’ – and invites Vladimir Putin to the opening ceremony. Putin – evoking memories of Reagan’s Brandenburg Gate command to Gorbachev – declares: ‘Mr Trump, build up this wall!’ APRIL Piers Morgan thinks the Brangelina divorce will take a turn for the 'diabolical'  On the first of the month, Jeremy Corbyn sensationally resigns, admitting: ‘I’ve suddenly realised I’ve dragged my party into an utterly unelectable sewer of union-dominated infighting, jobs-for-the-militants cronyism, and communist policies so extreme even Chairman Mao would have rejected them.’ Two hours later, Corbyn appears on live TV with a massive grin on his face and says: ‘April Fools!’ He then announces a new Labour Party rule stating that anyone who becomes a member and solemnly declares undying support for Corbyn as leader gets a free beard trimmer, silver shell-suit and subscription to Pravda. The Brangelina divorce takes a turn for the diabolical as Angelina Jolie orders her lawyers to write to Brad Pitt to demand custody of the couple’s Botox surgeon, Dr Linesmoother. ‘He can have the kids, the houses and the cars,’ she announces in an expressionless statement from the Congo jungle, where she is sourcing a new family to bring home to deploy as a brand-enhancing fashion accessory. ‘But he’s not having Linesmoother. It’s a fundamental breach of my human feminist rights as a surgically enhanced actress!’ Alastair Cook announces he is continuing as England cricket captain, despite the 4-0 drubbing in India. ‘I’ve had time to reflect on that result and concluded it was all Kevin Pietersen’s fault,’ he explains, even though Pietersen wasn’t playing in the series. MAY Marriage is on the cards for Pippa Middleton (left) and her boyfriend James Matthews, thinks Piers Pippa Middleton marries financier James Matthews. To the astonishment of Royal watchers, her sister Kate wears an outrageously figure-hugging dress and performs Beyoncé-style booty wiggles as they enter the church. ‘Oh dear, did I upstage the bride?’ Kate is heard giggling to friends later. Leicester City are relegated from the Premier League exactly a year after they won it. ‘We’re all absolutely gutted, sick as parrots and about as far from over the moon as footballers could possibly be,’ says tearful striker Jamie Vardy, as bailiffs arrive to impound his Melton Mowbray mansion. Better news for Chelsea, who become champions by narrowly beating off Manchester City. Arsenal come 5th and delighted manager Arsene Wenger celebrates by signing a new 20-year contract worth £250 million. ‘In these turbulent times, I provide incredible consistency,’ he says. ‘Who else could qualify for the Champions League 21 times without ever winning it, or go 13 years without winning the Premier League?’ I celebrate by throwing myself off Beachy Head. ‘Sounds like a win-win,’ chortles Wenger on hearing the news. In France, Right-wing candidate Francois Fillon wins the presidential election, beating far-righter-wing candidate Marine Le Pen by being marginally less offensive about immigration, Islam and family values. ‘He may be repulsive,’ says one liberal French voter who voted for Fillon, ‘but she’s absolutely revolting.’ JUNE Here comes the bride? A tongue-in-cheek glimpse at how Harry's big day could look After a whirlwind engagement, Prince Harry marries Meghan Markle in a star-studded service at Westminster Abbey watched by billions around the world. As the 35-year-old American divorcee actress shimmies down the aisle, Prince Philip is heard murmuring to the Queen: ‘So this is Wallis Simpson all over again, only with thespian tendencies, right?’ At the Buckingham Palace reception, Harry shouts: ‘I’m so happy I could sink a barrel of beer!’ And that’s exactly what he does, ending up drunk as a skunk and playing naked billiards with actors from Meghan’s hit US legal drama, Suits. Kim Kardashian, right, files for divorce from Kanye West. ‘I’m come to realise that Kanye’s just an attention-seeking, publicity-ravenous show-off,’ she says in a statement. ‘And there’s only room for one of those in this marriage.’ Piers thinks that June will be the month that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West file for divorce JULY Sir Andy Murray wins Wimbledon, beating Novak Djokovic in the final. ‘Never been prouder to be British!’ tweets Wayne Smith, from South London. James Corden persuades the Pope to sing Stairway To Heaven and Save A Prayer For Me Now on his US chat show segment, Carpool Karaoke. ‘It’s an incredible honour to meet such a globally beloved and popular public figure,’ Pope Francis tells Corden. Theresa May spends her two- week summer holiday with husband Philip at a caravan park in Middlesbrough. ‘Who needs the so-called European glamour of St Tropez, Barcelona or Rome when you can have all THIS in Britain?!’ she tells the media, pointing to a mud-splattered, rain-soaked, freezing, empty field. Ex-PM David Cameron takes a bunch of his old Eton schoolmates on a lads’ holiday by private jet to South Africa where they go trophy-hunting wild animals, guzzle £10,000 bottles of Chateau Latour and do despicable things to severed pigs’ heads. ‘God, it’s good not to have to pretend to be one of the bloody common people any more,’ Cameron guffaws. AUGUST Angela Merkel is re-elected Chancellor of Germany after vowing to deport the one million migrants she let in last year, writes Piers A total solar eclipse occurs on the 21st, the first that will be visible right across America for 28 years. As the nation blacks out, Hillary Clinton declares: ‘Donald Trump has turned our country into a very dark place – exactly as I predicted.’ This month marks the 55th, 40th and 20th anniversaries of the deaths of Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley and Princess Diana respectively. As a result of this eerie coincidence,no major living celebrity leaves the safety of their own home for the whole month. Deprived of headlines, many require psychiatric treatment for Post Attention Withdrawal Disorder. Angela Merkel is re-elected Chancellor of Germany after vowing to deport the one million migrants she let in last year. ‘I let my kind human heart rule my ruthless political head,’ she says. ‘It will never happen again.’ Usain Bolt bows out from competitive sprinting by winning the 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay at the World Championships in London, cementing his status as the greatest athlete of all time. He celebrates by eating 500 chicken nuggets and taking the entire cast of this year’s Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show to bed. ‘I’m on the 5/2 diet,’ he chuckles. ‘Five supermodels for every two nuggets.’ SEPTEMBER Piers tips Nigella Lawson (pictured) to replace Mary Berry as Great British Bake Off host The Great British Bake Off relaunches on Channel 4 with Nigella Lawson, below, replacing Mary Berry. Ratings plummet from ten million viewers to three million, and the show is mired in a drugs scandal when Nigella is accidentally caught on camera trying to snort some icing powder. Meanwhile, the BBC launches a new cake show called Berry’s Bakery, starring Mary, which pulls in 15 million viewers. ‘That’s the way the lemon drizzle cake crumbles,’ she giggles. Apple releases the eagerly anticipated iPhone 8. It allows you to take selfies in 1,000 different ways, with 10,000 beautifying filters, but no longer provides a phone call option. ‘Our customers are so narcissistic they just don’t have time to speak any more,’ confirms Apple boss Tim Cook. OCTOBER Nigel Farage becomes the star of the new series of Strictly Come Dancing, Piers predicts  Nigel Farage becomes the star of the new series of Strictly Come Dancing. His leaden-footed paso doble with dance partner Katya Jones is given a perfect 10 by new head judge Ed Balls, who gushes: ‘Rather like your Brexit campaign, that was so bad it was brilliant!’ Alas, when it is pointed out that the dance is Spanish and that Katya was born Ekaterina Sokolova in Russia, Farage withdraws from the contest and vows to take up morris dancing instead. His place on the show is taken by Ed Miliband, who slips over the moment he walks on stage, and breaks his leg, thus becoming the only contestant in the show’s history to score a perfect zero and be eliminated before even dancing a single step. ‘I’m gutted for him,’ says his smirking brother David. NOVEMBER The first passenger Virgin Galactic space flight takes place, with Sir Richard Branson proudly on board with his wife Joan. ‘I couldn’t be more thrilled,’ he announces after the successful mission. ‘I’ve always wanted to join the 68,000 mile high club!’ Lewis Hamilton regains his Formula 1 title after ignoring team orders all season. ‘There is no “I” in “team”,’ declares a Mercedes spokesman. ‘There are three in “Lewis is a winner,” ’ replies Hamilton. DECEMBER On the 50th anniversary of the world’s first heart transplant, Lord Sugar announces that he has applied to have one. The application is swiftly rejected on the grounds that surgeons can find no actual evidence of any existing heart in the Apprentice host’s body. Meghan Markle reveals she is pregnant. As she’s from a mixed-race family (her mum is African-American, her dad is white), the baby is the first non-white child born to a member of the Royal Family. Our Monarchy is thus finally, and thankfully, propelled into the glorious multi-cultural modernity of the nation that it represents. Even better, Meghan has turned out to be a wonderful princess – smart, beautiful, hard-working, refined, well-behaved and talented. ‘At last!’ says the Queen, in her traditional Christmas message. As 2018 arrives there is yet more shocking health news from the world of showbiz: Keith Richards is still alive. ‘I’m as stunned as anyone!’ he cackles, swigging from a bottle of Jack Daniel’s and puffing on a gigantic spliff. ‘Happy New Year!’   Read more: Hillary Clinton News and Polls on Her 2016 Bid For President | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 956 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (537) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Next story Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  866 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Nearly 25% of PCs are now running Windows 10 3 by Sean Chan Jan 1, 2017 at 11:49 GMT2 days ago Net Market Share just released its report for the last month of 2016. The firm today revealed the market share for browsers and operating systems in December. According to the report, Windows 10 now claims 24.36% of the market. For comparison, the OS claimed 23.72% of the market back in November. What’s quite surprising in the report is the fact that Windows XP actually gained a bit more market share in December. The OS claimed 8.63% of the market in November, but it apparently claims 9.07% of the market now. Windows 7 also saw a slight growth, growing from 47.17% to 48.34%. Windows 8.1 continues to fall, however — the OS now claims 6.9% of the market, down from 8.01% in November. Apple’s macOS also saw a slight growth, going from 2.21% to 2.31% but unsurprisingly enough, the OS still doesn’t have a substantial market share. As for Windows 10, Microsoft still has a long way to go considering the fact that the company initially wanted the OS to power at least a billion devices within the first 2-3 years of is launch. However, the software giant later stated that the OS will be missing the company’s initial target, blaming its mobile business for the slow growth. Back in September, the company reported that Windows 10 was powering 400 million active devices but it likely didn’t reach 500 million as of yet. Most businesses are yet to upgrade to Windows 10, so the OS might see a huge push once companies start migrating to Windows 10. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Net Market Share Related market share Net Market Share windows 10 Windows 10 Creators Update Windows 10 Mobile windows 7 windows xp Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday January 3, 2017 Sport Local Sport Larger / SmallerNight Mode Sammy’s ladies luck twice in two seasons Courtney Rees 1 Jan 2017, 10 p.m. For the second year in a row, the Chris Chant-trained Sammysluck has taken out the Kriden Park Lady Drivers Invitation. Sammysluck seems to have an affinity with the ladies. TIGHT FINISH: Sammysluck sticks his nose out on the line to take out the Lady Drivers Invitation race with Lisa Bartley on Sunday. Picture: Ron Arel For the second year in a row, the Chris Chant-trained gelding has taken out the Kriden Park Lady Drivers Invitation (2147m) at Leeton on New Year’s Day. This time around he swooped late to take out the $10,000 penalty free event in a tight finish. With Victorian Lisa Bartley taking the reins, Sammysluck ($11.30) was perfectly positioned behind the $1.50 favourite Stening and took advantage. He went on to defeat Lombo Hallmark ($31.10) by a head with Stening a further head anyway in third. Bartley said she was confident turning for home with the gelding well-positioned. “When I seen that he had a bit of room at the top of the straight I knew he would out dash them,” Bartley said. “He is pretty fast when he has a cold sit. “It helped that there was a bit of pressure on the outside and everything just fell in my favour.” On the quick back-up following a fourth at Albury on Saturday night, Bartley said Sammysluck was well suited by drawing barrier one. “Chris said that if he got a cold sit he wouldn’t be too far away,” she said. “Doing work isn’t really his go.” In just her second season of driving, Bartley has been invited to two editions of the race. She believes it is a great way to showcase the talented female drivers in the sport. “It is one of my favourite races actually with all the girls,” Bartley said. “It is a very competitive race and we should have more of them.” There was more Victorian success earlier in the night when Hayjoshandco backed up his heat win on Tuesday to take out the Golden Apple Super Store Final (2147m). Just like in his heat Hayjoshandco was able to lead all the way and proved too hard to get past. The more impressive of the two heat winners, Flyingretna, couldn’t quite get the job done. The Phil Maguire-trained mare charged home late but finished a head away in second. It ensured reinsman Cameron Maggs went home with some success on the night, with MIA Breeders Plate favourite Call Me Hector finishing eighth. Following earlier success with Dollarbill, Euroley trainer David Kennedy backed that up with Deekays Dollar in the Coprice Feeds Three Year Old Pace (2147m). Causing a surprise the $12.60, the son of Million Dollar Cam was back on his best behaviour. After one win from one start last season, Deekays Bollar had galloped in his both his two starts this time in. However he paced perfectly to take out the $10,000 race, defeating Twentyeightblack by 1.5 metres. Latest News Nicoll scores century for NSW Country Nominations out for Wagga race meeting Triple-murderer charged with killing cellmate at Long Bay jail Former Family Court judge Richard Gee dies after being found in backyard pool Heywood stays calm despite rise up city ranks | Photos Editor's Picks Popular Leo Sayer: The vines, the wines and all that jazz . . . one last time Bruce Beresford: Some film stars don’t live in the real world Winners named in Rotary NSW Emergency Services awards: photos Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Footballers on the move | Photos See all the comings and goings from Riverina football clubs through the off-season. Heywood stays calm despite rise up city ranks | Photos Former Wagga apprentice jockey Nick Heywood is enjoying success in the tough Sydney metropolitan racing scene. 2017 Dakar Rally: day one | photos Chekc out Stage 1 of the 2017 Dakar Rally in photos. #RiverinaHarvest 2016 | Your photos Here's how Riverina harvest has been documented on social media. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Wagga WWI Soldiers Weddings, Babies & Obituaries Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Footy HQ Gold Cup Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Community Events Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Local Business Feature Local Promotions Local History Forms Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Throwback Galleries Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. 3 New Year's tech resolutions you must keep USA TODAY 2 days ago Jefferson Graham Click to expand Replay Video French workers can ignore work emails Employees in France can now ignore work emails outside of regular work hours thanks to a new 'disconnect' law that took effect on New Year's Day. CNN Money SpaceX set to resume space travel SpaceX plans to resume flight operations on Jan. 8th. The company suspended space travel after a Falcon 9 rocket erupted on a launch pad four months ago. The rocket exploded prior to launch while it was being fueled. Now that the investigation into the disaster has concluded, SpaceX is set to resume flying rockets and their cargo into orbit. The next scheduled flight is set for the second week of January, when a Falcon 9 carrying 10 satellites will take off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Wochit Tech 2017 looking to be a good year to sell a house Economists say to expect more people to be looking to buy homes in 2017 despite higher mortgage rates. Sean Dowling (@seandowlingtv) has more. Buzz60 Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume 3 New Year's tech resolutions you must do USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next French workers can ignore work emails CNN Money 0:57 SpaceX set to resume space travel Wochit Tech 0:42 2017 looking to be a good year to sell a house Buzz60 1:09 Apple to cut iPhone production by 10 percent Wochit Tech 0:36 After nearly a century, NYC's new subway line is finally open Newsy 1:17 The next generation of roads that talk to cars The Wall Street Journal. 3:05 Coal country afraid Trump will repeal black lung benefits with Obamacare CNN Money 3:39 How to make a smartphone pay for itself MoneyTalksNews 1:53 19 states will get minimum wage increases in 2017 CNBC 1:02 Why farming needs more young people Newsy 0:39 2017 outlook for North America industrials Bloomberg 3:47 Cubans plug in as internet access spreads Reuters 1:16 Tech innovation vs. privacy in 2017 The Wall Street Journal. 6:25 Will man-made diamonds sparkle as brightly for consumers? Fox Business 2:46 Here's why half of all households have Amazon Prime MoneyTalksNews 1:15 Ad agency head resigns over 'death by overwork' Reuters 1:27 UP NEXT LOS ANGELES — We have the perfect tech activity for your New Year's Day.  Now that we've bought all those new gifts, returned the ones we didn't like and partied all night long, let's take care of our digital lives by protecting ourselves from hackers and backing up our precious photos, videos and documents. Passwords. Yahoo told us in 2016 that more than 1.5 billion of its users had seen their accounts comprised. The presidential election was influenced by Russian hackers, according to the government. And you think it's OK to continue using a password from a few years ago? New Year's Day is the perfect time to get with the program: change your passwords, as painful as you might think it be, every three months, with a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols, long words (iloveusatodayeverydaybecauseofthesportsmoneylifenewsandtechsections) or two-step verification, which won't let you sign in without typing in a newly generated text. You can write down all the new passwords on paper and hidden somewhere in your house (not in an e-mail, please) or use a password manager to keep track of them for you. The managers also can generate the new passwords for you. Dashlane, 1password, Lastpass and Logmeonce are all popular and start at free. But you can expect to spend about $35 to $40 a year to subscribe and have access to them across multiple devices. How they work: password managers are browser extensions for the computer and smartphone apps that will store your various passwords and log you in when you visit a site. To access the passwords, you instead are asked to first type in one master password for the application. The master pass is stored on the device it’s created on, like your computer, and then synced to the cloud with encryption, so the password manager companies don’t have access to the original. What if a hacker gets access to the master password? Dashlane and others recommends using two-step authentication here as well as a second player of protection. It’s another great way to make sure hackers stay out of our lives, says Dashlane’s Ryan Merchant. © Damian Dovarganes, AP The ID/password combos that were posted were old, weak and already available on multiple forums. Backup. If you're like me, you probably shoot many, many photos on your smartphone every month and generate new documents on your computer as well. How's your backup going? In 2016, we saw Mother Nature's annual array of fires, earthquakes, floods and the like, and watched news reports of people losing their homes, often saying the only thing they cared about were their photos.  That said, back-up has never been easier. All you need is $50 to $100 for an external hard drive that will have ten times the storage of what we had five years ago (1 terabyte and up) or time to upload your photos and documents to an array of online solutions.  Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Apple's iCloud, Amazon and Dropbox all offer online backup that is the safest, most secure option out there. Who's more likely to lose data and have a hard drive fail, you or Google?  Rates:  Google Drive (15 GB free) or $9.99 monthly for 1 TB.  Microsoft OneDrive: (5 GB free) or $6.99 monthly for 1 TB.  Dropbox ($2 GB free) or $8.25 monthly for 1 TB.  Apple iCloud: (5 GB free) or $9.99 for 1 TB.  Amazon offers free photo storage with a $99 Prime membership, while the Google Photos website and app offers unlimited photo and video storage--but with a catch. The images have their resolution lowered slightly, but not enough to harm getting prints made.  I back up all my photos and videos on Google Photos, and write all my documents in Google Drive, which is free, and unlike Microsoft Word, I can access files from multiple devices, anywhere, without having to pay software fees.  Back to hard drives for a second. They do and will fail, but when you have huge amounts of data, like I do —terabytes worth of photos and video, you want to have multiple drives on your desk as well. I find that desktop drives that don't travel last longer. Two great mobile solutions — a 256-GB flash drive will store thousands of photos and videos, and you could pick up one for just over $50. And if you're all mobile, and stumped on how to get photos and videos off your iPhone, Sandisk has a cool gizmo called the iXpand, which plugs into the Lightning port and acts as a hard drive for your phone. A 32-GB version (twice the storage of the entry level 16 GB iPhone) sells for just over $35. Digitize. For those of you from the analog era, with your shoe boxes of photos and shelves of 8mm and VHS videotapes, let's get them saved to digital in 2017, okay? For one, they'll be safe, and secondly, now you can share them on Facebook, Twitter and privately. I like the services iMemories (50 cents per image, $12.99 per video, and/or $49.99 yearly to have stored on its website for sharing) and Scanmyphotos.com ($149 for a box holding up to 1,800 photos, and $19.99 per video) for getting the entire collection done in one full swoop.) A cool new alternative came from Google in 2016 for small-scale scanning. The free PhotoScan app promises to get better scans than you were getting from your smartphone camera, minus some of the glare. Google enables this by taking four shots of the same image, and using software to erase the glare. The app is great for visiting friends or relatives with a wall of photos that you'd like to get hold of. (You know, the best scanner is the one that's in your pocket,) but I wouldn't want to spend New Year's Day scanning hundreds of photos this way. That said, if I was broke and couldn't afford the other methods, it beats the alternative--not having the photos.  USA TODAY's Elizabeth Weise, our tech security reporter, joined me for a Facebook Live new year's tech resolutions video chat. Click the link below to watch us weigh in on backup, passwords and digitizing photos.  Have further questions? We're here to help. Write me on Twitter, @jeffersongraham and don't forgot to listen to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on iTunes and Stitcher, where you should subscribe to the show and leave reviews, comments and suggestions. Happy new year everyone! Go to MSN Home More in Money 10 brands that will disappear in 2017 24/7 Wall St. Most and least expensive states to live in Lovemoney 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The Street The best charities to donate to 24/7 Wall St. 19 cities that will rule the world in 2025 Lovemoney The 10 best stocks to buy for 2017 InvestorPlace Up Next What to buy and what to skip in January Cheapism AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Customs outage causes chaos, backups at airports USA TODAY GOP moves to slash powers of independent ethics watchdog USA TODAY 'Bones' stars on Fox series' final season USA TODAY USC rallies to edge Penn St. in wild Rose Bowl USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? Pepper embodies the ambitions of SoftBank Robotics, an Asian joint venture formed by a trio of major technology companies. By: AP | Published:January 1, 2017 4:50 pm In this file photo, Laila, left, and her sister Nour, last names not given, play with Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. (Source: AP) While merrily chirping, dancing and posing for selfies, a robot named Pepper looks like another expensive toy at a San Francisco mall. But don’t dismiss it as mere child’s play. Pepper embodies the ambitions of SoftBank Robotics, an Asian joint venture formed by a trio of major technology companies that’s aiming to put its personable robots in businesses and homes across the US over the next few years. If the technology advances as Softbank Robotics hopes, Pepper could become a playmate, companion and concierge. It could eventually respond to voice commands to retrieve vital information, make reservations and control home appliances that are connected to the internet. That’s the theory, anyway. For now, Pepper is more amusing than practical, Forrester Research analyst JP Gownder says. For instance, Pepper has been directing shoppers to stores in the mall through text messages because it still isn’t advanced enough to say them out loud. And Pepper still has trouble understanding what people are asking, requiring shoppers to type in their requests for mall directions on a tablet mounted on the robot’s chest. SoftBank is trying to improve Pepper’s capabilities by focusing first on the business market — retailers, hotels, auto dealerships and even hospitals. SoftBank hopes to use those environments to learn more about what consumers like and don’t like about Pepper and, from that, teach it more tasks, said Steve Carlin, the venture’s vice president for marketing and business development in North America. Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. While merrily chirping, dancing and posing for selfies, Pepper looks like another expensive toy in the San Francisco mall where it will be entertaining shoppers through mid-February. But it would be a mistake to dismiss Pepper as mere child’s play, even though kids flock around the 4-foot-tall humanoid as it speaks in a cherubic voice that could belong to either a boy or girl. GREETINGS IN THE MALL The recently launched test runs in Westfield Corp’s malls in San Francisco and Santa Clara, California, mark the first time that Pepper has made an extended appearance in the US. The robots began appearing just before Thanksgiving and will stick around through mid-February. Carlin says about 300 to 500 people per day engaged with Pepper during its first month in the San Francisco mall. During a recent visit, kids flocked around the 4-foot-tall humanoid as it spoke in a cherubic voice that could belong to either a boy or girl. Westfield views Pepper as a way to make shopping in the mall more entertaining and enjoyable at a time when people are increasingly buying merchandise online. Three Peppers are sprinkled in heavily trafficked areas around Westfield’s San Francisco mall and the two more are in the Santa Clara centre. If all goes well, Westfield also plans to bring Pepper to its New York mall at the World Trade Center and Garden State mall in Paramus, New Jersey. “We put her in our (human resources) system and have given her a name tag,” says Shawn Pauli, senior vice president for Westfield. MARKET AMBITIONS Pepper got its start two years ago in Japan before expanding into Europe. In those two markets, more than 10,000 Peppers are already operating in grocery stores, coffee shops, banks, cruise lines, railway stations and homes. Most of the robots are in businesses. SoftBank hasn’t disclosed how many have been sold to consumers. Carlin acknowledges the US will be a tougher market to crack than Japan, where he says consumers tend to embrace new technology more quickly. In addition, Pepper’s price is likely to be out of reach for most consumers. The robot currently sells for about $2,000; a three-year subscription covering software upgrades, insurance and technology support increases the total to $18,000 to $20,000. Softbank Robotics is controlled by Japan’s Softbank Group, a technology conglomerate that recently pledged to invest $50 billion in US startups. A remaining 40 percent stake is equally owned by China’s Alibaba Group, Asia’s e-commerce leader, and by Taiwan’s Foxconn, which assembles Apple’s iPhone and is considering a US expansion. PEPPER ISN’T ALONE Despite its pedigree, Pepper already lags behind a cruder-looking robot that home improvement retailer Lowe’s has been testing as a way to help shoppers find merchandise in its sprawling stores, Gownder says. The “LoweBot,” a box-like machine on wheels, began patrolling a San Jose, California, store last month and will begin showing up in 10 other stores in the San Francisco Bay area in early 2017. If all goes well, it could become a fixture in all of Lowe’s stores. Gownder gives LoweBot the early edge over Pepper because Lowe’s machine has a detailed database of the store’s inventory, enabling it to quickly determine if something is in stock and then guide shoppers to the aisle where the requested item is located. “While Pepper offers a lively, appealing interface, it remains to be seen whether it will fill the role that retailers want,” Gownder says. “Does it have enough intelligence to answer customers’ questions effectively?” EARLY FEEDBACK While LoweBot is a one-trick pony, focused on retail tasks, SoftBank’s ambitions with Pepper are greater. Pepper has enough artificial intelligence to recognize smiles and frowns, helping the robot understand the mood of a person interacting with it. But it also tends to lock its electronic eyes on someone standing in front of it and continue to follow people as they look away while ignoring the next visitor. A recent visitor to the San Francisco mall, Sharif Ezzat, noticed some of Pepper’s shortcomings and concluded that the robot is still a long way from having mass appeal. “I can’t see it right now, but I can see where it’s going,” Ezzat said of Pepper’s potential. Chaz MacSwan, a puppeteer in San Francisco, was more impressed. “Look at the joy it’s bringing to people, especially the kids,” MacSwan said. “I’d love to have one, especially if it could clean the carpets.” Tags: robots Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Textbook Weather Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Holiday Events Breast Cancer Awareness Community Events Community Calendar Caring For Our Community Heroin Crisis More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs Mental Health News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Get TV ION Television LAFF Tributes 43° F Overcast Hi: 45° F Lo: 43° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Farmington Fire starts 24-hour staffing, reducing response time Updated: 39 mins ago Before, there were times when no one was at the fire house and calls had to be passed off to other departments. Critic of Mill Creek administration applies for commissioner seat 8:36 pm Two of the commissioners’ contracts expired on Saturday. Smoothie Shop in Boardman closes suddenly 6:25 pm Getting a pet for Christmas not what you expected? Bring it to a rescue 7:23 pm Under 1 hour: Amber Alert led police to abducted Sharpsville baby 7:30 pm 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Textbook Weather Current Conditions 43° F Overcast Feels Like: 36° F Wind: SE 14 Humidity: 97% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 7:48 AM Sunset: 5:05 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Featured: 2016 High school basketball previews Latest Headlines Champion Girls’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 1) 7:00 pm Champion has been led by Abby White – who’s scored 15 points per game. New Castle’s Hooker declares for NFL Draft 5:11 pm New Castle graduate and Ohio State unanimous All-American Safety Malik Hooker has declared for the 2017 NFL Draft. YSU Drive for 5: Community plans to rally, tailgate for national championship game 5:41 pm Players to watch in YSU-James Madison championship showdown January 1, 2017 49ers fire head coach Chip Kelly, GM Trent Baalke January 1, 2017 Report It Community Holiday Events Breast Cancer Awareness Community Events Community Calendar Caring For Our Community Heroin Crisis More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs Mental Health News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Get TV ION Television LAFF Tributes Search for: Search the site 43° F Overcast Hi: 45° F Lo: 43° F Storm Team 27: Sunny skies for New Year’s Day By Alex George Published: January 1, 2017, 6:06 am Updated: January 1, 2017, 5:59 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN)- WHAT WE’RE TRACKING For the First day of 2017 you can expect sunny skies and temperatures climbing to near 40. The mild temperatures will linger for the start of the workweek. Monday will feature temperatures in the lower to middle 40s with the chance for rain showers. Scattered rain showers are likely on Tuesday with highs in the middle 50s. Colder air will move in on Wednesday and rain showers will transition to snow. Temperatures will stay cold for the second half of the week heading into the weekend. Forecast Today: Mostly sunny. High: 41 Tonight:  Clouds increasing. Chance for rain shower late. (20%) Low:  29 Monday: Mostly cloudy. Chance for rain showers. (40%) High: 44 Tuesday: Mostly cloudy. Scattered rain showers. (80%) High: 53    Low: 42 Wednesday: Rain mixing to snow showers. (40%) High: 30 (Falling) Low: 30(Early) Thursday: Partly sunny. High: 24    Low: 15 Friday: Partly sunny. High: 22    Low: 11 Saturday: Partly sunny. High: 26    Low: 10 Sunday: Mostly cloudy. Chance for snow showers. (40%) High: 27    Low: 15 WKBN is your source for the Valley’s latest weather information. Download our app for Apple and Android devices and sign up for weather text alerts. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Storm Team 27: Rain will taper off early Saturday Storm Team 27: Rain and some snow tonight Storm Team 27: Morning rain Storm Team 27: A cloudy start to the holiday weekend Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Report It Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN weather app Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Media General Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch live: First News at 10 PM Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Culture TV TV Guide News Reviews On demand Strictly Come Dancing More Telegraph Culture TV Sherlock facts: 22 things you didn't know, from the real Baker Street to a Korean tribute Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman in Sherlock Credit: BBC Ross Jones 1 January 2017 • 11:00am As Sherlock returns to our screens, here are 22 curious things you might not have known about the BBC series: 1. It all began with a speech In 2006, well-known Holmes enthusiast Mark Gatiss was asked to address the Sherlock Holmes Society's annual dinner at the Houses of Parliament. Gatiss, who brought along Steven Moffat as his guest, told the audience about a meeting at the BBC to discuss the possibility of resurrecting Arthur Conan Doyle's creation for a Christmas special. He and the Corporation failed to reach an agreement, but as he "raced round the endless circular corridors, frothing at the mouth at what these philistines might be planning", Gatiss bumped into John Simpson, recently returned from Kabul. “As he passed me,” Gatiss explained, “I touched him on the arm and whispered: ‘You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive’.” This gave him the seed of an idea, which he and Moffat subsequently grew into a modern-day Sherlock: "A young army doctor, wounded in Afghanistan finds himself alone and friendless in London," he teased the group. "Short of cash, he bumps into an old medical acquaintance who tells him he knows of someone looking for a flatmate. This bloke’s alright but a little odd..." Gatiss was effectively pitching his and Moffat’s Sherlock to the toughest crowd imaginable, and they approved. 2. There is no abandoned tube station at Sumatra Road Benedict Cumberbatch in The Empty Hearse Credit: BBC The location chosen for the bomb-laden tube carriage meant to blow up Parliament in the season three opener The Empty Hearse is actually in West Hampstead, and isn't the site of a half-finished London Underground station (although the Bull & Bush abandoned station is nearby). It's nowhere near Westminster, but was chosen by Gatiss as a sly reference to The Giant Rat of Sumatra, a Holmes adventure mentioned (but never expanded upon) in The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire. Sherlock's production team couldn't get hold of a real carriage, so mocked up their own District Line replica - despite exterior shots clearly showing a Jubilee Line train. Tube-loving viewers have also been quick to point out other inaccuracies. 3. Not everybody appreciated Irene Adler’s nudity Lara Pulver as Irene Adler Credit: BBC The BBC reportedly received over 100 complaints about actress Lara Pulver’s portrayal of Holmes’s female sparring partner as an upmarket dominatrix who used pre-watershed seminudity to bewitch the detective in A Scandal in Belgravia. But some Sherlock purists objected on different grounds. Irene Adler as conceived by Conan Doyle in A Scandal in Bohemia, it was argued in blog after blog, was a formidable woman of honour, who would never allow herself to become a pawn of Moriarty, or to fall for Holmes after showing him her breasts. Steven Moffat disagreed with the feminists. "In the original,” he told The Guardian, “Irene Adler's victory over Sherlock Holmes was to move house and run away with her husband. That's not a feminist victory." 4. Holmes and Watson are good enough to eat Speedy’s Cafe, the sandwich emporium frequented by Holmes and Watson in the series, is a real café on Gower Street, near Euston – the BBC’s stand-in for 221b Baker Street. (In the Sherlock pilot it was run by Una Stubbs’s character and named Mrs Hudson’s Snax n' Sarnies, but that idea was swiftly dropped.) The fans who flock there from all over the world can now enjoy specially created Sherlock-themed snacks, specifically the Sherlock wrap (chicken, bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, peppers, red onion, cucumber, chilli sauce – all "wrapped up as tightly as Sherlock’s personality") or the Watson Wrap (roasted vegetables, spinach, tomatoes, spring onion, Brie, sour cream – "safe, warm, and comforting, like his personality").  5. Despite China’s best efforts, Sherlock isn’t gay As amply demonstrated by the kisses in season three’s first episode, The Empty Hearse, Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss have always enjoyed flirting with the ambiguity of Sherlock’s sexuality. "Everyone recruited him to their perspective, their interpretation," Benedict Cumberbatch once said when asked about Holmes’s sex life. "I’ve had asexuals come up to me and thank me for representing asexuals." But they’re mistaken, according to Moffat: "There's no indication in the original stories that [Holmes] was asexual or gay," he told The Guardian. None of which has stopped millions of Chinese fans from adopting Sherlock as a gay icon, with a vast archive of literature dedicated to his romantic exploits with Watson. There’s a 39-chapter romance novel; a much-viewed video super-cut of Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman (or ‘Curly Fu’ and ‘Peanut’, to give them their Chinese nicknames) exchanging longing looks set to slushy music; plus, of course, the inevitable S&M scenarios. All of which may seem like fairly standard fan-fiction fare – until you remember that in China, writing what the authorities consider filth is a crime punishable with a lengthy jail term. 6. Benedict Cumberbatch doesn’t play the violin quite as well as Sherlock Credit: BBC In Arthur Conan Doyle’s story The Cardboard Box, it transpires that Sherlock Holmes owns and plays a violin made by Antonio Stradivarius himself. The Sherlock production team, however, uses a different violin for each series (series three’s is a £1,200 Chinese-made Con Fuoco), all on loan from Cardiff Violins. (The shop’s website contains a sweet testimonial from a ‘Mr John H Watson’, thanking the staff for being ‘extremely patient’ with his friend: ‘He would thank you himself; only, well Sherlock doesn’t really do that sort of thing ...’) For season two’s on-screen violin scenes, Cumberbatch was taught how to play and ‘violin act’ by Eos Chater, a member of the classical group Bond. Although the actor played live on set, the playing heard on the soundtrack is by Chater. "Benedict had a week, and made a surprisingly good sound," she wrote of the experience on her blog. "I have no doubt he would be a good violinist if he had the inclination." 7. Yet his pen-catching skills are beyond reproach A scene in The Blind Banker shows John throwing a pen to Sherlock, who catches it without even looking at it. Cumberbatch made the catch on the first take (using a mirror so he could see it coming), but the cameraman was too slow and missed it. He got it again on the third. 8. China can’t understand why Sherlock takes so long to make During David Cameron’s official visit to China in December 2013, the Prime Minister allowed Chinese citizens to ask him questions through Sina Weibo, the country’s Twitter-like social network. Among queries about Larry the Downing Street cat, Tom Daley, Visa application forms and Wendi Deng, by far the most popular request was: “Please urge Sherlock crew to be quick! They have had us waiting for two years for every season!” Cameron diplomatically pointed out that “I can’t tell them what to do, as it’s an independent company”, before urging fans to pass the time by reading Conan Doyle’s stories. 9. Sherlock’s staircase would please purists In Conan Doyle's A Scandal in Bohemia, Sherlock asks Watson how many steps lead up to their quarters at 221b Baker Street. Watson hasn't a clue. “I know there are 17 steps, because I have both seen and observed,” Holmes tells him. Because Sherlock fans are similarly observant, there are 17 steps leading to the first floor of the Sherlock Holmes Museum, and another 17 between the hall and front room on the Cardiff set of Sherlock. 10. In Japan, he’s a comic book hero Japan has a long tradition of Sherlock-influenced, copyright-avoiding manga or anime: Young Miss Holmes, a manga comic about Sherlock’s niece; Detective Hound, a canine anime series co-created by Studio Ghibli’s Hayao Miyazaki; the unrelated Detective Dog Sherdock, a comic in which the sleuth is reincarnated as a dog; and the Arthur Conan Doyle-inspired boy crime-solver Detective Conan, whose latest animated adventure trounced Keanu Reeves’s 47 Ronin at the Japanese box-office. But the BBC series recently received the ultimate accolade: completely faithful (ie, free of tentacled creatures and and robots) comic-book adaptations of the episodes A Study in Pink and The Blind Banker in Young Ace magazine. As the above rendering proves, Cumberbatch’s gamine features make him the perfect manga hero. 11. And in South Korea, he’s (almost) a pop star K-pop pretty-boys SHINee paid tribute to the series with their 2012 hit Sherlock, and an accompanying video full of slightly suspect Holmes-ian references (violin, shabby Victoriana decor, an ‘iWatson’ laptop), in which they solve a jewel heist seemingly perpetrated by a ghost: 12. ‘221b Baker Street’ actually looks like this Credit: Zoopla The 370 sq ft one-bedroom flat above Speedy’s Cafe (see number 4), which is in fact about a mile away from Baker Street but doubles as Sherlock’s home for exterior shots, was available for rent in early 2012 for the price of £330 a week. 13. Sherlock isn’t a sociopath In A Study In Pink, Anderson flippantly calls Holmes a psychopath. "Do your research, Anderson," comes the reply. “I'm a high-functioning sociopath.” Not true, according to psychologist Maria Konnikova, who convincingly argues that Sherlock is altogether too loving, empathetic, and aware of his own faults to be considered a sociopath. 14. But he may be autistic Late last year, autism charity the National Autistic Society cited Sherlock’s single-mindedness, inability to understand social norms such as sarcasm, and incredible feats of recall as evidence that he might be autistic. This, despite Watson making a direct reference to his friend’s Asperger’s in The Hounds of Baskerville. 15. Even the fonts have meaning Credit: BBC As typography design experts have noted, the lettering used for Sherlock’s on-screen graphics varies according to the occasion. For text messages, AF Generation Z is used; to show Sherlock deduction process, it’s P22 Johnston Underground (above); Irene Adler’s high-end Vertu phone uses the business-like Verdanda. Johnston Underground is also used as the basis for the series’ custom-made title font. 16. The Russians have their own Sherlock Credit: Star Media Freud’s Method, a crime drama produced by Russia’s Star Media, bears a striking resemblance to the BBC series. The lead character is Roan Freydin, a "psychologist and professional poker player" working as a "special consultant" to the police, who are infuriated by his "eccentric methods" but impressed by his ability to solve crimes using "psychological science" and "intuition". Even the opening titles (which have been posted on YouTube) look a little familiar, as Mark Gatiss noted with his tweet: "Ha! The sincerest form of flattery". 17. Sherlock is (possibly) responsible for BlackBerry’s woes In 2010, season one of Sherlock showed Holmes using a blazingly fast BlackBerry 9700; come season two, broadcast by the BBC in early 2012, he’d made the switch to an Apple iPhone 4. By the end of January, BlackBerry co-CEOs Mike Lazaridis and Jim Balsillie had stepped down, admitting that the company had failed to compete with Apple. Coincidence? Draw your own conclusions. 18. Matt Smith wanted to be Watson A week before landing the part of Doctor Who, Matt Smith auditioned to play John Watson; Steven Moffat decided he was "too barmy", and that one Sherlock was enough. Martin Freeman, on the other hand, arrived at his audition having had his wallet stolen on the way and was in such a bad mood it was assumed he wasn’t interested. The following week, he returned in a better frame of mind, read with Benedict Cumberbatch, and the part was his. 19. Benedict Cumberbatch hates Sherlock’s hair The actor’s preparations for looking the part of Sherlock include intense Bikram yoga sessions, swimming, and no smoking or drinking during filming. But there’s one thing he especially hates doing: growing his hair. As he told The Times, “I can’t think of a wittier or even accurate comparison, but I just think it makes me look a bit like… a woman.” 20. Mark Gatiss learnt to swim in Moriarty’s pool At the end of season one, Moriarty lures Holmes and Watson to a beautiful public pool in order to kill them. The location used (for both the cliffhanger and the beginning of season two, forcing the crew to return a year later and recreate the signage) is Bristol South Swimming Pool; according to the Sherlockology blog, this is also where a young Mark Gatiss learnt to swim. 21. Sherlock and Mrs Hudson knew each other in a previous life Una Stubbs as Mrs Hudson Credit: BBC Benedict Cumberbatch has often said that Una Stubbs (above), who plays his screen landlady Mrs Hudson, mothers him on the set of Sherlock. But she has good reason: Stubbs is an acting contemporary of Cumberbatch’s mother Wanda Ventham (who made a surprise appearance in The Empty Hearse as Sherlock's Les Mis-loving mother, alongside the actor's father Timothy Carlton as Holmes senior), and used to live around the corner from her when Cumberbatch was a child. So a four-year-old Benedict would often find himself forced to endure hours of boredom as Stubbs and his mother gossiped on park benches or street corners. Stubbs nonetheless found him “Very polite... A lovely boy.” 22. The owner of Charles Augustus Magnussen's house doesn't even live there Credit: BBC The villain’s mansion, called Appledore, is owned in real life by one of the country’s most successful engineers – but millionaire Sir David McMurtry does not live there because his wife thinks it is too flashy. In the original script for episode His Last Vow, Moffat said that Appledore should look like “the Citizen Kane mansion for the iPod generation”. Episode guide | Sherlock The best TV shows of 2016   Follow Telegraph Entertainment READ MORE ABOUT: London BlackBerry Japan Sherlock BBC Christmas Martin Freeman China Benedict Cumberbatch Doctor Who Show more Editor's Choice 02 Jan 2017, 3:37pm Sherlock: Cumberbatch's return in The Six Thatchers was worth all the hype - review 4 02 Jan 2017, 9:19am The top 10 TV shows of 2016 02 Jan 2017, 7:00am Rick Wakeman: 'David Bowie said I was right to turn down Spiders from Mars for Yes' - interview Premium Gallery 01 Jan 2017, 2:39pm Gallery: From Victoria Wood to David Bowie: culture stars who died in 2016 31 Dec 2016, 5:04pm The 20 best films of 2016 TV latest 02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm The Halcyon is no substitute for Downton Abbey: review 2 02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Britain’s Ancient Capital: Secrets of Orkney – it is futile to resist the enthusiasm of Neil Oliver's dashing team: review 3 02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Silent Witness: Dr Alexander takes on Syrian refugee traffickers - review 3 02 Jan 2017, 6:23pm Welcome to the new Downton Abbey: meet the stars of ITV's wartime drama The Halcyon Premium Gallery 02 Jan 2017, 5:25pm Gallery: All the best TV shows of 2016 02 Jan 2017, 4:07pm Will & Grace looks set to return for a new series 02 Jan 2017, 3:37pm Sherlock: Cumberbatch's return in The Six Thatchers was worth all the hype - review 4 02 Jan 2017, 3:02pm Divorce week: Is boredom ever a good reason to destroy a marriage? Premium 02 Jan 2017, 12:17pm Celebrity Apprentice: Arnold Schwarzenegger takes over from Donald Trump to 'terminate' famous contestants 02 Jan 2017, 9:19am The top 10 TV shows of 2016 02 Jan 2017, 8:54am What's on TV tonight: The Halcyon and the return of Silent Witness 02 Jan 2017, 7:30am Poolside romance in Provence - just don't ask about sex: Welcome to the First Dates Hotel Premium 02 Jan 2017, 1:05am Planet Earth II a 'disaster for the world's wildlife', BBC presenter Martin Hughes-Games says 01 Jan 2017, 10:30pm Mrs Brown’s Boys New Year Special was full of jokes 20 years past their sell-by date – review 1 01 Jan 2017, 6:29pm BBC One idents get makeover by renowned British photographer Martin Parr Gallery 01 Jan 2017, 2:39pm Gallery: From Victoria Wood to David Bowie: culture stars who died in 2016 01 Jan 2017, 1:01pm Sherlock's Amanda Abbington on her split from Martin Freeman: 'We realised we'd come to the end' Premium 01 Jan 2017, 12:27pm Sherlock: the full story so far, plus what time is it back on TV? 01 Jan 2017, 7:28am 'I never stopped loving Bobby': Tina Moore on life as England's first WAG  Premium 01 Jan 2017, 7:00am Neil Patrick Harris interview: 'Being scrutinised when you're young can be traumatic' 31 Dec 2016, 11:36am Benedict Cumberbatch: 'This could be last time I play Sherlock Holmes' If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments700+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Magazine Dave Barry’s Year in Review: Trump and the ‘hideous monstrosity’ that was 2016 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Dave Barry January 1 (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) In the future, Americans — assuming there are any left — will look back at 2016 and remark: “What the HELL?” They will have a point. Over the past few decades, we here at the Year in Review have reviewed some pretty disturbing years. For example, there was 2000, when the outcome of a presidential election was decided by a tiny group of deeply confused Florida residents who had apparently attempted to vote by chewing on their ballots. Then there was 2003, when a person named “Paris Hilton” suddenly became a major international superstar, despite possessing a level of discernible talent so low as to make the Kardashians look like the Jackson 5. There was 2006, when the vice president of the United States — who claimed he was attempting to bring down a suspected quail — shot a 78-year-old man in the face, only to be exonerated after an investigation revealed that the victim was an attorney. And — perhaps most inexplicable of all — there was 2007, when millions of people voluntarily installed Windows Vista. Yes, we’ve seen some weird years. But we’ve never seen one as weird as 2016. This was the Al Yankovic of years. If years were movies, 2016 would be “Plan 9 From Outer Space.” If years were relatives, 2016 would be the uncle who shows up at your Thanksgiving dinner wearing his underpants on the outside. (Claritza Jimenez,Elahe Izadi/The Washington Post) Why do we say this? Let’s begin with the gruesome train wreck that was the presidential election. The campaign began with roughly 14,000 candidates running. Obviously not all of them were qualified to be president; some of them — here we are thinking of “Lincoln Chafee” — were probably imaginary. But a reasonable number of the candidates seemed to meet at least the minimum standard that Americans have come to expect of their president in recent decades, namely: Not Completely Horrible. So this mass of candidates began the grim death march that is the modern American presidential campaign — trudging around Iowa pretending to care about agriculture, performing in an endless series of televised debates like suit-wearing seals trained to bark out talking points, going to barbecue after barbecue and smiling relentlessly through mouthfuls of dripping meat, giving the same speech over and over and over, shaking millions of hands, posing for billions of selfies and just generally humiliating themselves in the marathon group grovel that America insists on putting its presidential candidates through. And we voters did our part, passing judgment on the candidates, thinning the herd, rejecting them one by one. Sometimes we had to reject them more than once; John Kasich didn’t get the message until his own staff felled him with tranquilizer darts. But eventually we eliminated the contenders whom we considered to be unqualified or disagreeable, whittling our choices down until only two major candidates were left. And out of all the possibilities, the two that We, the People, in our collective wisdom, deemed worthy of competing for the most important job on Earth, turned out to be ... ... drum roll ... ... the most flawed, sketchy and generally disliked duo of presidential candidates ever! Yes. After all that, the American people, looking for a leader, ended up with a choice between ointment and suppository. The fall campaign was an unending national nightmare, broadcast relentlessly on cable TV. CNN told us over and over that Donald Trump was a colossally ignorant, narcissistic, out-of-control sex-predator buffoon; Fox News countered that Hillary Clinton was a greedy, corrupt, coldly calculating liar of massive ambition and minimal accomplishment. In our hearts we knew the awful truth: They were both right. It wasn’t just bad. It was the Worst. Election. Ever. And that was only one of the reasons 2016 should never have happened. Here are some others: ● American race relations reached their lowest point since ... okay, since 2015. ● We learned that the Russians are more involved in our election process than the League of Women Voters. ●Much of the year the economy continued to struggle, with the only growth sector being people paying insane prices for tickets to “Hamilton.” ● In a fad even stupider than “planking,” millions of people wasted millions of hours, and sometimes risked their lives, trying to capture imaginary Pokémon Go things on their phones, hoping to obtain the ultimate prize: a whole bunch of imaginary Pokémon Go things on their phones. ● A major new threat to American communities — receiving at least as much coverage as global climate change — emerged in the form of: clowns. ● In a shocking development that caused us to question our most fundamental values, Angelina and Brad broke up even though they are both physically attractive. ● We continued to prove, as a nation, that no matter how many times we are reminded, we are too stupid to remember to hold our phones horizontally when we make videos. ● Musically, we lost Prince, David Bowie and Leonard Cohen; we gained the suicide-inducing TV commercial in which Jon Bon Jovi screeches about turning back time. Did anything good happen in 2016? Let us think. ... Okay, the “man bun” appeared to be going away. That was pretty much it for the good things. And now, finally, it is time for 2016 to go away. But before it does, let’s narrow our eyes down to slits and take one last squinting look back at this hideous monstrosity of a year, starting with ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) January ... which actually begins on a positive note with the capture of elusive Mexican drug lord Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán, who in 2015 escaped (for the second time) from a Mexican prison when authorities failed to notice the signs reading (in Spanish) “WARNING: ESCAPE TUNNEL UNDER CONSTRUCTION.” Since then Guzmán had been in hiding except for an interview with Sean Penn, a guest spot with Jimmy Kimmel and a series of commercials for Buffalo Wild Wings. Mexican police finally are able to track him down during his four-week stint as a guest judge on “America’s Got Talent.” He is taken to Tijuana and incarcerated in what authorities describe as “a very secure Motel 6.” In health news, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, responding to the spread of the little-understood Zika virus, cautions Americans not to have unprotected sex with foreign mosquitoes. Meanwhile the Flint, Mich., water crisis worsens when samples taken from the city’s main water supply are found to contain traces of a Chipotle burrito. North Korea successfully tests a hydrogen bomb, although this achievement is tarnished somewhat by the fact that the explosion causes the death, by startling, of the isolated nation’s lone remaining chicken. In what critics cite as yet another example of declining U.S. prestige, Iran seizes two U.S. naval vessels and captures 10 crew members; what makes the incident particularly embarrassing is that these vessels were docked in Cleveland. The captured sailors are released, but only after Secretary of State John Kerry assures the Iranian government that he will not deploy James Taylor. The Powerball jackpot reaches a record $1.6 billion, with an estimated 45 percent of the tickets being purchased by the city of Detroit using money budgeted for “infrastructure.” Speaking of huge amounts of money being wasted, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) February ... the presidential primary season takes center stage. On the Republican side, the big issue — as you would expect, given the stakes in this election — is Donald Trump’s hand size and whether it does or does not correlate with the size of his portfolio, which he claims is huge, although he is reluctant to show it to the non-supermodel public. The hand-size issue is raised by Marco Rubio, who scores in the early polls, then fades as voters realize that he is still in the early stages of puberty. Trump’s strongest rival is Ted Cruz, a veteran debater so knowledgeable and confident that Mahatma Gandhi would want to punch him in the face. Meanwhile Jeb Bush, who was considered the early favorite, fails to gain traction with the voters despite having by far the most comprehensive set of policy initiativezzz Sorry! We nodded off thinking about Jeb, as did the voters. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is widely presumed to be the front-runner based on being a historic woman with a lengthy résumé of service to the nation who, with her husband, Bill, has serviced the nation for decades to the tune of several hundred million dollars. She is declared the winner of the Iowa caucuses via a controversial and confusing process that, in some precincts, involves dodgeball. But Clinton faces an unexpectedly strong challenge from Bernie Sanders, a feisty 217-year-old senator from Vermont with a message of socialism, but the good kind of socialism where everybody gets a lot of free stuff, not the kind where starving people fight over who gets the lone remaining beet at the co-op. Sanders wins the New Hampshire Democratic primary, followed — in what some observers see as a troubling sign — by Vladimir Putin. In other February news: ● A lengthy standoff at a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon finally comes to an end when anti-government militants, after protracted negotiations, are eaten by the federal wildlife. ● Following the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, the nation’s political leaders observe a period of mourning and reflection lasting 3 billionths of a second, then commence the important bipartisan work of not making any progress whatsoever on a replacement. ● The troubled Chipotle chain temporarily closes all of its restaurants after several customers are attacked by what health authorities describe as “E. coli bacteria the size of adult pythons.” ● The Denver Broncos win the Super Bowl, thanks in part to a costly unsportsmanlike conduct penalty called on the Carolina Panthers defense for stealing Peyton Manning’s walker. Speaking of unsportsmanlike, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) March ... the Republican presidential race grows increasingly nasty, spiraling downward in tone to the point where Ted Cruz makes the following statement, which we swear we are not making up: “Donald Trump may be a rat, but I have no desire to copulate with him.” This sounds as though Cruz is saying that he would copulate with a rat, as long as the rat was not Donald Trump. Presumably that is not what Cruz meant, but nobody really wants to know what he did mean. Meanwhile Ben Carson announces, in his extremely low-key and soft-spoken manner, that he is going to suspend his campaign. Or visit Spain. Or possibly rob a train. There is no way to be certain. On the Democratic side, Clinton and Sanders are also in a tight and testy battle, although Clinton slowly gains the upper hand thanks to the Democratic Party’s controversial formula for allocating “superdelegates,” which is as follows: ● 57 percent go to Clinton. ● The remaining 43 percent also go to Clinton. Responding to charges from the Sanders camp that the Democratic National Committee is tipping the scales in Clinton’s favor, chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz states that “the DNC is scrupulously neutral in the contest between Secretary Clinton and the senile Commie fart.” In other political news, President Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. Republican leaders are quick to note that, while Garland appears to be qualified, his name is an anagram for “Rancid Lark Germ.” But by far the most controversial political issue of the month — which nobody thought about before, yet which all of a sudden is the defining civil rights struggle of the 21st century — is the question of who can pee where in North Carolina. In foreign affairs, Obama pays a historic visit to Cuba but is forced to leave after three days when he discovers that there is only one golf course. A historic baseball game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Cuban national team has to be called off in the fourth inning because all but four of the Cuban players have switched sides. Speaking of historic, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward/For The Washington Post) April ... England observes the 90th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II, who celebrates the occasion by wearing a large hat and smiling grimly at horses. Meanwhile world tension mounts when satellite imagery reveals that North Korea has positioned an 18-story-tall plastic bottle containing an estimated 40 million liters of Diet Coke on the border with South Korea, and has somehow obtained what one military analyst describes as “Mentos mints the size of barns.” North Korea insists that the project is “strictly defensive,” but the United Nations Security Council, responding with its toughest sanctions yet against the rogue nation, votes to unfriend Kim Jong Un on Facebook. In another alarming international development, Russian fighter jets, continuing a pattern of increasingly provocative behavior toward the United States, attack the control tower at LaGuardia Airport. After assessing the damage, airport authorities announce that departing flights will be delayed an average of four months, nearly twice as long as usual. Secretary of State Kerry calls the act “a deliberate provocation” and, in his strongest response to date, warns that the United States is considering “a harshly worded memorandum.” In U.S. presidential politics, Ted Cruz, making a last-ditch effort to stop the Trump juggernaut, announces that his choice for running mate is — prepare for a game-changing jolt of high-voltage excitement — Carly Fiorina. This would be the same Carly Fiorina who dropped out after the New Hampshire primary because she got approximately six votes. On the plus side, Cruz manages to make this announcement without mentioning rats. In other political news, Hillary Clinton is troubled by a persistent cough that leaves her unable to speak at some campaign stops, forcing her to express her commitment to working families by shattering a porcelain figurine of a Wall Street banker with a hammer. A Trump spokesperson, speaking on condition of anonymity, says that the Trump campaign “will not speculate on Mrs. Clinton’s health,” adding that “she obviously has some terrible disease.” Speaking of bad news, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) May ... tragedy strikes the Cincinnati Zoo when zoo authorities, fearing for the life of a 3-year-old who climbed into the gorilla enclosure, are forced to shoot and kill a gorilla named Harambe, who instantly becomes way more revered on the Internet than Mother Teresa. In other domestic news, passengers at major U.S. airports complain that they are missing flights because security lines are so long. Q. How long are they? A. One of them contains a Wright brother. Asked for an explanation, a spokesperson for the federal Transportation Security Administration, which is responsible for screening passengers, blames the airline industry, pointing out that “If the airlines didn’t keep selling tickets, we wouldn’t have all these people showing up at airports trying to catch flights.” The spokesperson suggests that people planning to travel by air during busy times should consider other options, such as suicide. In a medical breakthrough, doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital announce that they have performed the first successful penis transplant in the United States. The patient’s name — we are not making this item up — is Manning. Abroad, satellite surveillance reveals that North Korea has constructed what military analysts describe as “an extremely large slingshot” as well as a latex balloon believed large enough to hold a quantity of water equivalent to Lake Tahoe. The North Korean government insists that these items are intended for “medical research.” In sports, suspicions of doping by Russian Olympic athletes resurface after little-known sprinter Vladimir Raspatovsky, who has never previously posted a world­ record time, wins the Kentucky Derby. Speaking of winners, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) June ... it becomes evident that, barring some highly unlikely political development, the next president of the United States will be either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. Meanwhile, the nation is in the grip of a worsening heroin epidemic. Coincidence? You be the judge. Speaking of coincidences: Bill Clinton happens to find himself in the same airport as U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and — as any two people would do if one of them was the nation’s chief law enforcement officer and the other was married to the subject of a federal investigation — they meet privately aboard Lynch’s Justice Department jet. When word of the meeting leaks out, Lynch assures the press that she and Bill did not discuss the FBI investigation into Hillary’s email, adding, “nor did we inhale.” For her part, Hillary continues to insist that she never emailed anything classified, and even if she did she actually didn’t, besides which so did a lot of other people such as Colin Powell and Harry Truman, and this so-called scandal is ancient history from literally years ago that just makes a person sigh and roll her eyes because it is preventing her from fighting for working families while at the same time being a historic woman. Also for the sake of balance we should note that throughout June Donald Trump continues to emit a steady stream of truly idiotic statements. In sports, Cleveland — in a historic upset — actually wins something. But the big sports story for June, and the year, is the death of Muhammad Ali, a person so remarkable that even the tidal wave of phony, saccharine media-manufactured grief-hype that engulfs modern celebrity deaths cannot detract from the simple truth that he really was as great as he said he was. Internationally, the top story is “Brexit” — the decision by voters in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. This comes as a big surprise to professional pollsters, who had confidently predicted the opposite result; they enjoy a hearty laugh, then head across the Atlantic to apply their talents to the forthcoming American presidential election. Meanwhile British politics is plunged into chaos, the result being that in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward/For The Washington Post) July ... Prime Minister David Cameron and other top officials resign, new people take office, and the United Kingdom essentially has a new government, ready to move on. This entire process takes about two weeks, or less time than it takes the major American political parties to agree on the seating arrangements for a “town hall debate.” In U.S. politics, the Republicans gather in Cleveland to nominate Trump, although many top party officials are unable to attend because of an urgent, compelling need to not be there. Nevertheless Trump receives enthusiastic prime-time endorsements from former celebrity Scott Baio, several dozen Trump children and current Trump wife Melania, who enthralls delegates with a well-received speech in which she tells her heartwarming story of growing up as an African American woman in Chicago. The dramatic highlight comes on the final night, when Trump, in his acceptance speech, brings the delegates cheering to their feet with his emotional challenge to “grab the future by the p---y.” On the Democratic side, the month gets off to a rocky start when FBI Director James Comey, announcing the results of the bureau’s investigation, reveals that when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, her official emails, some including classified material, were basically as secure from prying eyes as a neon beer sign. Nevertheless Comey says he is recommending that no criminal charges be brought against Clinton, because, quote, “I don’t want to die.” With that legal hurdle cleared, relieved Democrats gather in Philadelphia for their convention, which opens — in a bid to placate Sanders delegates — with the ceremonial caning of Debbie Wasserman Schultz. This is followed by several hundred speeches praising Hillary Clinton for the many accomplishments she has achieved, as well as the achievements she has accomplished, while at the same time being, historically, a woman. In her acceptance speech, Clinton calls on Americans “to join with me in building a better world for us and for our children,” adding, “or I will crush you like an insect.” In a media shake-up, Roger Ailes resigns as chairman of Fox News following allegations that his name can be re­arranged to spell “I ogle rears.” As the month ends, skydiver Luke Aikins sets a world record by jumping out of a plane 25,000 feet over California without a parachute or wingsuit. He manages to land safely in a net despite the fact that on the way down — in what John Kerry calls “a deliberate provocation” — he is strafed by Russian fighter jets. Speaking of provocations, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) August ... Donald Trump goes to Mexico, having been informed by his team of foreign-policy advisers that this is where Mexicans come from. He meets with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, and although he does not try to convince Peña Nieto that Mexico should pay for the huge imaginary wall that he has promised to build, Trump does demonstrate his legendary prowess as a hard-nosed businessman by negotiating what he describes as “a fantastic price” on a souvenir sombrero that he claims is “easily four feet in diameter.” Meanwhile newly released State Department emails cause some people to suggest that the reason a variety of dodgy foreign businesspeople and nations gave millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state was that they expected — Get a load of THIS wacky right-wing conspiracy theory! — to receive special access to or favors from the U.S. government. Hillary has no choice but to roll her eyes and laugh in a violently unnatural manner at this latest attempt to use these discredited smear tactics to prevent her, a historic and lifelong woman, from fighting for working families as well as working for fighting families. Abroad, the Summer Olympics open in Brazil amid dire warnings about Zika, riots, muggers, muggers with Zika, and windsurfers being attacked by predatory oceangoing feces. But the games for the most part go smoothly, the biggest glitch being when one of the diving pools mysteriously turns a dark, murky green. The mystery is finally solved when the pool is drained, revealing a Russian nuclear submarine, which Russia insists is in international waters. In the athletic competition, Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt becomes the first athlete ever to win the men’s 100-meter final wearing flip-flops. But the U.S. team dominates the Games, with the most memorable performance coming from a team of athletes led by swimmer and rocket scientist Ryan Lochte competing in the Four-Man Gas Station Wall Pee. Elsewhere in sports, the opening of the National Football League season provides a much-needed diversion to Americans who are sick of being bitterly divided over politics and welcome the opportunity to be bitterly divided over how players respond to the national anthem. Speaking of bitter, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) September ... Clinton and Trump square off in the first presidential debate, which leads to a national conversation about an issue of vital concern to all Americans, namely the alleged weight gain of Alicia Machado, Miss Universe of 1996. This topic is raised by Clinton in an obvious attempt to bait Trump into wasting valuable campaign time talking about something that cannot possibly benefit him, so naturally Trump, who by his own admission has an extremely high IQ, latches on to it like a barnacle on the Titanic. He focuses on the former Miss Venezuela with laserlike intensity for the better part of a week before getting back to his previous campaign strategy of engaging in bitterly personal Twitter feuds, often with other Republicans. But it is also not a totally great month for Clinton, who appears to collapse while being helped into a van after hastily leaving a 9/11 memorial ceremony. Her campaign, responding with the transparency, openness and candor for which it is famous, initially downplays the incident, saying that Clinton felt “overheated.” Ninety minutes later she appears outside her daughter’s apartment building and tells reporters, “I’m feeling great.” But later that afternoon her physician releases a statement saying that two days earlier, Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia. This leads to renewed speculation about Clinton’s health, which is quickly quelled by a vast army of Clinton campaign officials, surrogates, allies, lackeys, henchpersons and media flunkies, all heavily armed with talking points and declaring, in unison, that she has no undeclared health problems and is going to power through this minor, pesky so-called pneumonia, which is old news and will not distract her from being a historic person of gender with a lifelong commitment to fighting for working etc. Speaking of overheating, Samsung announces a recall of all Galaxy Note 7 phones after an attempt to rebrand them as “smart charcoal lighters” meets with consumer resistance. Adding to Samsung’s woes are reports that some of its top-loading washers have exploded, although the company insists that the machines are “perfectly safe when operated using the delicate cycle,” provided that “there are no humans nearby.” In other technology news, Apple announces the release of the iPhone 7, which is basically the iPhone 6 with the added convenience of not having a headphone jack. The marketing slogan is “At Least It Doesn’t Burst Into Flames.” In entertainment news, “Game of Thrones” once again wins the coveted Emmy Award for Drama Series With the Most Naked People. But for sheer drama, no TV show can compare with what happens to the American political system in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward/For The Washington Post) October ... when the U.S. presidential election, until now a cross between farce and soap opera, mutates into a full-on horror show. The early part of the month goes badly for Trump with the release of a 2005 video in which he talks about kissing and groping women, which according to him he can get away with because he’s a star who uses Tic Tacs. Trump quickly apologizes for the video, noting that (a) it was recorded long ago when he was just 59 years old; (b) his remarks were “locker-room banter” such as you would hear in any locker room in America occupied by morally deficient billionaire pigs; (c) Bill Clinton did way worse things; and (d) WHAT ABOUT BENGHAZI? But the story does not go away. Over the next week Trump is accused of improper groping by enough women to form a professional softball league. Trump responds to these allegations with a five-pronged defense: Prong One: These women are lying. Prong Two: ALL of them. They are LIARS. Prong Three: They are frankly not attractive enough to be groped by a star of his magnitude. Prong Four: The election is rigged! Prong Five: WHAT ABOUT BILL CLINTON AND BENGHAZI? Meanwhile the Clinton campaign is dealing with a steady stream of WikiLeaks emails suggesting that the Clinton Foundation is dedicated to humanitarian relief in the same sense that the Soprano family was dedicated to waste management. But this kind of scandal is ho-hum stuff for the Clinton campaign, whose slogan has slowly morphed from “Stronger Together” into “At Least She’s Predictably Corrupt.” As the month wears on and Trump continues to flail away unconvincingly at his alleged groping victims, it appears more and more likely that Clinton has established herself, with just enough voters, as the least loathsome choice in this hideous, issues-free nightmare of an election. And then, just when we thought it could not get any weirder or any worse, we are hit with the mother of all October surprises in the form of the incurable genital wart on the body politic known as Anthony Weiner. While probing Weiner’s laptop (Har!) for evidence of alleged sexting with an underaged girl, the FBI reportedly discovers thousands of emails that were sent from or to Hillary Clinton’s private email server, which apparently had a higher Internet profile than Taylor Swift. FBI Director James Comey sends a letter informing Congress that the FBI is taking another look at the email issue. In a display of the intellectual integrity that has made our political class so respected by ordinary citizens, all the Democrats and allied pundits who praised Comey in July as a courageous public servant instantly swap positions with all the Republicans and allied pundits who said he was a cowardly hack. This new development sends the political world into Full Freakout Mode, with cable-TV political analysts forced to change their underwear on an hourly basis. Meanwhile millions of critical swing voters switch from “undecided” to “suicidal.” In non-campaign-related October news: ● A government report concludes that the Affordable Care Act (Motto: “If You Like Your Doctor, Maybe You’ll Like Your New Doctor”) is going to cost many people a lot more, while continuing to provide the same range of customizable consumer options as a parking meter. ● In a chilling reminder of the nation’s technological vulnerability, a series of cyberattacks disrupts popular Internet sites such as Twitter and Netflix, forcing millions of Americans to make eye contact with one another. ● In yet another blow to Samsung, the Federal Aviation Administration announces that it will not permit commercial aircraft to fly over states known to contain Galaxy Note 7s. ● In the arts, Bob Dylan refuses to answer his doorbell, forcing members of the Swedish Academy to leave the Nobel Prize for literature in his mailbox. The month ends on an upbeat note as Americans celebrate Halloween, a welcome escape from the relentless drumbeat of bad news, as evidenced by this FoxNews.com headline, which we swear we are not making up: “Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns.” Speaking of treats, in ... (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) November ... the Chicago Cubs win the World Series. Finally! Yay! What a fun month! Okay, that’s our summary of November. Now it’s time to move along to the events of ... De- No, that would be wrong. This is supposed to be a review of the whole year, warts and all, and we have to face reality. So let’s all take a deep breath, compose ourselves and go back to ... November ... which begins with yet another letter to congressional leaders from FBI Director Comey, who lately has generated more correspondence than Publishers Clearing House. This time, he says, concerning the newly discovered emails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop: never mind. This forces Republicans and Democrats to again swap positions on whether Comey is a courageous patriot or total scum. For a brief period members of Congress are so confused about who stands where that they are in real danger of accidentally working together and accomplishing something. Fortunately before this happens the two sides are able to sort things out and resume being bitterly deadlocked. As Election Day approaches, a consensus forms among the experts in the media-political complex, based on a vast array of demographic and scientific polling data evaluated with sophisticated analytical tools. These experts, who have made lucrative careers out of going on TV and explaining America to Americans, overwhelmingly agree that Hillary Clinton will win, possibly in a landslide, and this could very well mean the end of the Republican Party. The Explainers are very sure of this, nodding in unison while smiling in bemusement at the pathetic delusions of the Trump people. Unfortunately, it turns out that a large sector of the American public has not been brought up to speed on all this expert analysis. And so it comes to pass that the unthinkable happens, in the form of ... Decem- No, damn it! We have to do this! What happens in ... November ... is that Donald Trump is elected president of the United States, unless this turns out to be one of those really vivid dreams, like the one where you’re at the dentist but you’re naked and your dentist is Bette Midler and spiders keep coming out of your mouth. Trump’s victory stuns the nation. Not since the darkest days of the Civil War have so many Americans unfriended each other on Facebook. Some even take the extreme step of writing “open letters.” Angry, traumatized protesters cry, march, shout, smash windows, set fires — and that’s just the New York Times editorial board. Leading celebrities who vowed to leave the country if Trump won immediately start making plans to ... okay, to not actually leave the country per se, but next time they definitely will and YOU’LL BE SORRY. In Washington, Democrats who believed in a strong president wielding power via executive orders instantly exchange these deeply held convictions with Republicans who until Election Day at roughly 10 p.m. Eastern time believed fervently in filibusters and limited government. On TV, the professional Explainers, having failed spectacularly to predict what just happened, pause for a period of somber and contrite self-reflection lasting close to 15 minutes before they begin the crucial work of explaining to the rest of us what will happen next. Joe Biden lies awake nights, staring at the ceiling. Meanwhile a somber Trump, preparing to assume the most powerful office on the planet, puts the pettiness of the campaign behind him and — facing a world rife with turmoil — gets down to the all-important work of taking Twitter shots at the cast of “Hamilton.” He also begins assembling a Cabinet that — reflecting the diversity of the nation he has been elected to lead — includes several non-billionaires. The president-elect also receives classified briefings, during which he learns, among other things, that there are a LOT of foreign countries, including some where he does not even have golf courses. Meanwhile the Democrats, now on a multi-year losing streak that has cost them the presidency, both houses of Congress and a majority of the state legislatures, desperately seek an explanation for their party’s failures. After a hard, critical look in the mirror, they are forced, reluctantly, to stop seeking scapegoats and place the blame where it belongs: the electoral college, the Russians, Facebook and of course James Comey. In the month’s biggest non-election news, the death of Fidel Castro is greeted with expressions of sorrow from several dozen world leaders who never had to live under his rule, and tears of happiness from many thousands of Cubans who did. As the bitter and tumultuous month finally draws to a close, Americans briefly stop fighting over politics and come together to celebrate Thanksgiving in the same way the Pilgrims did in 1623: fighting over flat-screen TVs. But the focus turns back to politics in… (Illustration by Mark Ward /For The Washington Post) December ... during which Trump continues to dominate the news, his face appearing 24/7 on every channel including the Food Network, even when the TV is turned off. Early in the month the president-elect ruffles the feathers of the Chinese government when — in what is viewed as a departure from diplomatic protocol — he texts Beijing a poop emoji. Also he threatens a drone strike against Alec Baldwin. But the big story continues to be the Trump Cabinet. His choice for secretary of defense is James N. “Mad Dog” Mattis, who impresses Trump with his sophisticated understanding of modern military strategy and also by biting the head off a live hamster. Most of the drama, however, involves the herd of hopefuls auditioning for secretary of state, including former Trump foe Mitt Romney, who dons wingtip kneepads for his pilgrimage to Trump Tower, after which he explains to the press that his previous criticisms of Trump have been taken out of context, particularly his use of the phrase “scum toad,” which Romney says he meant “in the spirit of constructive dialogue.” Chris Christie dines alone in a Golden Corral in Freehold, N.J., pondering whether to accept the ambassadorship to Belize. The New York Times and Washington Post, seeking to improve their understanding of pro-Trump America, partner with TV network news divisions to create “Operation Outreach,” in which teams of reporters will travel to non-coastal regions carrying rucksacks full of chewing tobacco and moon pies, which they will trade with the natives in return for colorful quotes about their political views, religious beliefs, sex practices involving livestock, etc. Meanwhile abroad: ● French President François Hollande announces that he will not seek reelection, leading professional pollsters to predict, based on scientific analysis of the data, that he will win in a landslide. ● In a disturbing development, North Korean troops mass near the South Korean border armed with what intelligence sources identify as “a large quantity of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s.” Finally, mercifully, 2016 draws to a close. On New Year’s Eve, a festive crowd gathers in Times Square, and millions more tune in on TV, to watch the ball drop that marks the dawn of the new year. This is one of the great traditions that connect us as a nation, and it serves to remind us that, although we disagree on many things, we are all part of the same big family — the American family — and when all is said and done, we hate each other. This is what we are thinking as the big lighted ball begins to slowly descend the pole, traveling roughly two feet before it is vaporized by Russian fighter jets. Happy new year, fellow Americans. It’s going to be exciting. Dave Barry is a Pulitzer Prize-winning humor columnist and author. His latest book is “Best. State. Ever.: A Florida Man Defends His Homeland.” Email us at wpmagazine@washpost.com. For more articles, as well as features such as Date Lab, Gene Weingarten and more, visit The Washington Post Magazine. Follow the Magazine on Twitter. Like us on Facebook. lifestyle magazine true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 700+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. 710 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Mariah Carey’s disastrous New Year’s Eve performance is a fitting end to 2016 2 A man using FaceTime killed a 5-year-old girl in a highway crash. Was Apple to blame? 3 She believes in marriage. He doesn’t. 4 Shrink the ‘window of eating,’ and maybe I’ll shrink, too 5 Anthony Bourdain bashes fellow ‘privileged Eastern liberals’ for making Trump win possible lifestyle magazine Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Magazine SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Dave Barry’s year in review: The train wreck that was 2016 Ten-month old Methuen child revived twice after exposure to fentanyl For Democrats, some slivers of hope Medicaid may bar seniors’ trust funds to pay for extras Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Globe Magazine Dave Barry’s year in review: The train wreck that was 2016 Olympics embarrassment, exploding phones, and (maybe you noticed) a little thing called the presidential election. E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share globe staff photo-illustration By Dave Barry   January 01, 2017 IN THE FUTURE, Americans — assuming there are any left — will look back at 2016 and remark: “What the HELL?” They will have a point. Over the past few decades, we here at the Year in Review have dealt with some pretty disturbing years. For example, there was 2000, when the outcome of a presidential election was decided by a tiny group of deeply confused Florida residents who had apparently attempted to vote by chewing on their ballots. Advertisement Then there was 2006, when the vice president of the United States, who claimed he was attempting to bring down a suspected quail, shot a 78-year-old man in the face, only to be exonerated after an investigation revealed that the victim was an attorney. And, perhaps most inexplicable of all, there was 2007, when millions of people voluntarily installed Windows Vista. Get Todays Headlines in your inbox: Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Yes, we’ve seen some weird years. But we’ve never seen one as weird as 2016. If years were relatives, 2016 would the uncle who shows up at your Thanksgiving dinner wearing his underpants on the outside. Why do we say this? Let’s begin with the gruesome train wreck that was the presidential election. The campaign began with roughly 14,000 candidates running. Obviously not all of them were qualified to be president; some of them — here we are thinking of “Lincoln Chafee” — were probably imaginary. But a reasonable number of the candidates seemed to meet at least the minimum standard that Americans have come to expect of their president in recent decades, namely: Not Completely Horrible. So this mass of candidates began the grim death march that is the modern American presidential campaign: trudging around Iowa pretending to care about agriculture, performing in an endless series of televised debates like suit-wearing seals trained to bark out talking points, shaking millions of hands, posing for billions of selfies, and just generally humiliating themselves in the marathon group grovel that America insists on putting its presidential candidates through. Advertisement And we voters did our part, passing judgment on the candidates, thinning the herd, rejecting them one by one. And out of all the possibilities, the two that We, the People, deemed worthy of competing for the most important job on earth, turned out to be . . . . . . drumroll . . . . . . the most flawed, sketchy, and generally disliked duo of presidential candidates ever! Yes. After all that, the American people, looking for a leader, ended up with a choice between ointment and suppository. The fall campaign was an unending national nightmare, broadcast relentlessly on cable TV. CNN told us over and over that Donald Trump was a colossally ignorant, narcissistic, out-of-control, sex-predator buffoon; Fox News countered that Hillary Clinton was a greedy, corrupt, coldly calculating liar of massive ambition and minimal accomplishment. And in our hearts we knew the awful truth: They were both right. It wasn’t just bad. It was the Worst. Election. Ever. And that was only one of the reasons why 2016 should never have happened. Here are some others: — American race relations reached their lowest point since . . . OK, since 2015. — We learned that the Russians are more involved in our election process than the League of Women Voters. — A major new threat to American communities — receiving at least as much coverage as global climate change — emerged in the form of: clowns. — Musically, we lost Prince, David Bowie, and Leonard Cohen; we gained the suicide-inducing TV commercial in which Jon Bon Jovi screeches about turning back time. Did anything good happen in 2016? Let us think. OK, the “man bun” appeared to be going away. That was pretty much it for the good things. And now, finally, it is time for 2016 to go away. But before it does, let’s narrow our eyes down to slits and take one last squinting look back at this hideous monstrosity of a year, starting with . . . JANUARY . . . which actually begins on a positive note with the capture of elusive Mexican drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, who in 2015 escaped (for the second time) from a Mexican prison when authorities failed to notice the signs reading (in Spanish) “WARNING: ESCAPE TUNNEL UNDER CONSTRUCTION.” Mexican police finally are able to track him down during his four-week stint as a guest judge on America’s Got Talent. He is taken to Tijuana and incarcerated in what authorities describe as “a very secure Motel 6.” In health news, the Centers for Disease Control, responding to the spread of the little-understood Zika virus, cautions Americans not to have unprotected sex with foreign mosquitoes. In what critics cite as yet another example of declining US prestige, Iran seizes two US naval vessels and captures 10 crew members; what makes the incident particularly embarrassing is that these vessels were docked in Cleveland. The Powerball jackpot reaches a record $1.6 billion, with an estimated 45 percent of the tickets being purchased by the city of Detroit using money budgeted for “infrastructure.” Speaking of huge amounts of money being wasted, in . . . FEBRUARY . . . the presidential primary season takes center stage. On the Republican side, the big issue — as you would expect, given the stakes in this election — is Donald Trump’s hand size and whether it does or does not correlate with the size of his portfolio, which he claims is huge, although he is reluctant to show it to the non-supermodel public. The hand-size issue is raised by Senator Marco Rubio, who scores in the early polls, then fades as voters realize he is still in the early stages of puberty. Trump’s strongest rival is Senator Ted Cruz, a veteran debater so knowledgeable and confident that even Mahatma Gandhi would want to punch him in the face. Meanwhile, Jeb Bush, considered the early favorite, fails to gain traction with the voters despite having by far the most comprehensive set of policy initiativezzz Sorry! We nodded off thinking about Jeb, as did the voters. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is widely presumed to be the front-runner based on being a historic woman with a lengthy resume of service to the nation who, with her husband, Bill, has serviced the nation for decades to the tune of several hundred million dollars. She is declared the winner of the Iowa caucuses via a controversial and confusing process that, in some precincts, involves dodge ball. But Clinton faces an unexpectedly strong challenge from Bernie Sanders, a feisty 217-year-old US senator from Vermont with a message of socialism, but the good kind of socialism, where everybody gets a lot of free stuff, not the kind where starving people fight over who gets the lone remaining beet at the co-op. Sanders wins the New Hampshire Democratic primary, followed, in what some observers see as a troubling sign, by Vladimir Putin. In other February news: — Following the death of Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia, the nation’s political leaders observe a period of mourning and reflection lasting three-billionths of a second, then commence the important bipartisan work of not making any progress whatsoever on a replacement. — The troubled Chipotle chain temporarily closes all of its restaurants after several customers are attacked by what health authorities describe as “E. coli bacteria the size of adult pythons.” — The Denver Broncos win the Super Bowl, thanks in part to a costly unsportsmanlike conduct penalty called on the Carolina Panther defense for stealing Peyton Manning’s walker. Speaking of unsportsmanlike, in . . . MARCH . . . the Republican presidential race grows increasingly nasty, spiraling downward in tone to the point where Cruz makes the following statement, which we swear we are not making up: “Donald Trump may be a rat, but I have no desire to copulate with him.” This sounds as though Cruz is saying that he would copulate with a rat, as long as the rat was not Donald Trump. Presumably that is not what Cruz meant, but nobody really wants to know what he did mean. Meanwhile, Ben Carson announces, in his extremely low-key and soft-spoken manner, that he is going to suspend his campaign. Or visit Spain. Or possibly rob a train. There is no way to be certain. Scott Olson/Getty Images Ted Cruz. On the Democratic side, Clinton and Sanders are also in a tight and testy battle, although Clinton slowly gains the upper hand, thanks to the Democratic Party’s controversial formula for allocating “superdelegates,” which is as follows: — 57 percent go to Clinton; — the remaining 43 percent also go to Clinton. Responding to charges from the Sanders camp that the Democratic National Committee is tipping the scales in Clinton’s favor, then chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz states that “the DNC is scrupulously neutral in the contest between Secretary Clinton and the senile Commie fart.” In other political news, President Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Scalia on the Supreme Court. Republican leaders are quick to note that, while Garland appears to be qualified, his name is an anagram for “Rancid Lark Germ.” But by far the most controversial political issue of the month, which nobody thought about before, yet which all of a sudden is the defining civil rights struggle of the 21st century, is the question of who can pee where in North Carolina. In foreign affairs, Obama pays a historic visit to Cuba but is forced to leave after three days when he discovers that there is only one golf course. Speaking of historic, in . . . APRIL . . . England observes the 90th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II, who celebrates the occasion by wearing a large hat and smiling grimly at horses. Meanwhile, world tension mounts when satellite imagery reveals that North Korea has positioned an 18-story-tall plastic bottle containing an estimated 40 million liters of Diet Coke on the border with South Korea and has somehow obtained what one military analyst describes as “Mentos mints the size of barns.” North Korea insists that the project is “strictly defensive.” In another alarming international development, Russian fighter jets, continuing a pattern of increasingly provocative behavior toward the United States, attack the control tower at LaGuardia Airport. After assessing the damage, airport authorities announce that departing flights will be delayed an average of four months, nearly twice as long as usual. Secretary of State John Kerry calls the act “a deliberate provocation” and, in his strongest response to date, warns that the United States is considering “a harshly worded memorandum.” In US presidential politics, Cruz, making a last-ditch effort to stop the Trump juggernaut, announces that his choice for running mate is — prepare for a game-changing jolt of high-voltage excitement — Carly Fiorina. This would be the same Carly Fiorina who dropped out after the New Hampshire primary because she got approximately six votes. In other political news, Clinton is troubled by a persistent cough that leaves her unable to speak at some campaign stops. A Trump spokesperson, speaking on condition of anonymity, says that the campaign “will not speculate on Mrs. Clinton’s health,” adding that “she obviously has some terrible disease.” Speaking of bad news, in . . . MAY . . . tragedy strikes the Cincinnati Zoo when zoo authorities, fearing for the life of a 3-year-old who has climbed into the gorilla enclosure, are forced to shoot and kill a gorilla named Harambe, who instantly becomes way more revered on the Internet than Mother Teresa. In other domestic news, passengers at major US airports complain that they are missing flights because security lines are so long. Q. How long are they? A. One of them contains a Wright brother. In a medical breakthrough, doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital announce that they have performed the first successful penis transplant in the United States. The patient’s name — we are not making this up — is “Manning.” Abroad, satellite surveillance reveals that North Korea has constructed what military analysts describe as “an extremely large slingshot.” In sports, suspicions of doping by Russian Olympic athletes resurface after little-known sprinter Vladimir Raspatovsky, who has never previously posted a world-record time, wins the Kentucky Derby. Speaking of winners, in . . . JUNE . . . it becomes evident that, barring some highly unlikely political development, the next president of the United States will be either Clinton or Trump. Meanwhile, the nation is in the grip of a worsening heroin epidemic. Coincidence? You be the judge. Speaking of coincidences: Bill Clinton happens to find himself in the same airport as US Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and — as any two people would do if one of them was the nation’s chief law-enforcement officer and the other was married to the subject of a federal investigation — they meet privately aboard Lynch’s Justice Department jet. When word of the meeting leaks out, Lynch assures the press that she and Bill did not discuss the FBI investigation into Hillary’s e-mail, adding “nor did we inhale.” For her part, Hillary continues to insist that she never e-mailed anything classified, and even if she did she actually didn’t, besides which so did a lot of other people such as Colin Powell and Harry Truman, and this so-called “scandal” is ancient history from literally years ago that just makes a person sigh and roll her eyes because it is preventing her from fighting for working families while at the same time being a historic woman. Also for the sake of balance we should note that, throughout June, Trump continues to emit a steady stream of truly idiotic statements. In sports, Cleveland — in a historic upset — actually wins something. But the big sports story for June, and the year, is the death of Muhammad Ali, a person so remarkable that even the tidal wave of phony saccharine media-manufactured grief-hype that engulfs modern celebrity deaths cannot detract from the simple truth that he really was as great as he said he was. Internationally, the top story is “Brexit,” the decision by voters in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. This comes as a big surprise to professional pollsters, who had confidently predicted the opposite result; they enjoy a hearty laugh, then head across the Atlantic to apply their talents to the forthcoming American presidential election. Meanwhile, British politics is plunged into chaos, the result being that in . . . JULY . . . Prime Minister David Cameron and other top officials resign, new people take office, and the UK essentially has a new government, ready to move on. This entire process takes about two weeks, or less time than it takes the major American political parties to agree on the seating arrangements for a “town hall debate.” In US politics, the Republicans gather in Cleveland to nominate Trump, although many top party officials are unable to attend because of an urgent compelling need to not be there. Nevertheless, Trump receives enthusiastic prime-time endorsements from former celebrity Scott Baio, several dozen Trump children and current Trump wife, Melania, who enthralls delegates with a well-received speech in which she tells her heartwarming story of growing up as an African-American woman in Chicago. The dramatic highlight comes on the final night, when Trump, in his acceptance speech, brings the delegates cheering to their feet with his emotional challenge to “grab the future by the p---y.” On the Democratic side, the month gets off to a rocky start when FBI Director James Comey, announcing the results of the bureau’s investigation, reveals that when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, her official e-mails, some including classified material, were basically as secure from prying eyes as a neon beer sign. Nevertheless, Comey says he is recommending that no criminal charges be brought against Clinton, because, quote, “I don’t want to die.” With that legal hurdle cleared, relieved Democrats gather in Philadelphia for their convention, which opens, in a bid to placate Sanders delegates, with the ceremonial caning of Wasserman Schultz. This is followed by several hundred speeches praising Clinton for the many accomplishments she has achieved, as well as the achievements she has accomplished, while at the same time being, historically, a woman. In a media shakeup, Roger Ailes resigns as chairman of Fox News following allegations that his name can be rearranged to spell “I ogle rears.” associated press Luke Aikins. As the month ends, sky diver Luke Aikins sets a world record by jumping out of a plane 25,000 feet over California without a parachute or wing suit. He manages to land safely in a net despite the fact that on the way down — in what Kerry calls “a deliberate provocation” — he is strafed by Russian fighter jets. Speaking of provocations, in . . . AUGUST . . . Trump goes to Mexico, having been informed by his team of foreign-policy advisers that this is where Mexicans come from. He meets with President Enrique Pena Nieto, and although he does not try to persuade Pena Nieto that Mexico should pay for the huge imaginary wall that he has promised to build, Trump does demonstrate his legendary prowess as a hard-nosed businessman by negotiating what he describes as “a fantastic price” on a souvenir sombrero that he claims is “easily four feet in diameter.” Meanwhile, newly released State Department e-mails cause some people to suggest that the reason a variety of dodgy foreign businesspeople and nations gave millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state was that they expected — get a load of THIS wacky right-wing conspiracy theory — to receive special access to or favors from the US government. Hillary has no choice but to roll her eyes and laugh in a violently unnatural manner at this latest attempt to use these discredited smear tactics to prevent her, a historic and lifelong woman, from fighting for working families as well as working for fighting families. Abroad, the summer Olympic Games open in Brazil amid dire warnings about Zika, riots, muggers, muggers with Zika, and windsurfers being attacked by predatory oceangoing feces. In the athletic competition, Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt becomes the first athlete ever to win the men’s 100-meter final while wearing flip-flops. But the US dominates the Games, with the most memorable performance coming from a team of athletes led by swimmer and rocket scientist Ryan Lochte competing in the Four-Man Gas Station Wall Pee. Elsewhere in sports, the opening of the National Football League preseason provides a much-needed diversion to Americans who are sick of being bitterly divided over politics and welcome the opportunity to be bitterly divided over how players respond to the national anthem. Speaking of bitter, in . . . SEPTEMBER . . . Clinton and Trump square off in the first presidential debate, which leads to a national conversation about an issue of vital concern to all Americans, namely the alleged weight gain of Alicia Machado, Miss Universe of 1996. This topic is raised by Clinton in an obvious attempt to bait Trump into wasting valuable campaign time talking about something that cannot possibly benefit him, so naturally Trump, who by his own admission has an extremely high IQ, latches onto it like a barnacle onto the Titanic. But it is also not a totally great month for Clinton, who appears to collapse while being helped into a van after hastily leaving a 9/11 memorial ceremony. Her campaign, responding with the transparency, openness, and candor for which it is famous, initially downplays the incident, saying that Clinton felt “overheated.” Later that afternoon, her physician releases a statement saying that two days earlier, Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia. This leads to renewed speculation about Clinton’s health, which is quickly quelled by a vast army of Clinton campaign officials, surrogates, allies, lackeys, henchpersons, and media flunkies, all heavily armed with talking points and declaring, in unison, that she has no undeclared health problems and is going to power through this minor pesky so-called “pneumonia,” which is old news and will not distract her from being a historic person of gender with a lifelong commitment to fighting for working, etc. Speaking of overheating, Samsung announces a recall of all Galaxy Note 7 phones after an attempt to rebrand them as “smart charcoal lighters” meets with consumer resistance. In other technology news, Apple announces the release of the iPhone 7, which is basically the iPhone 6 with the added convenience of not having a headphone jack. The marketing slogan is “At Least It Doesn’t Burst Into Flames.” In entertainment news, Game of Thrones once again wins the coveted Emmy award for Drama Series With the Most Naked People. But for sheer drama, no TV show can compare with what happens to the American political system in . . . OCTOBER . . . when the US presidential election, until now a cross between farce and soap opera, mutates into a full-on horror show. The early part of the month goes badly for Trump with the release of a 2005 video in which he talks about kissing and groping women, which according to him he can get away with because he’s a star who uses Tic Tacs. Trump quickly apologizes for the video, noting that (a) it was recorded long ago when he was just 59 years old; (b) his remarks were “locker room banter” such as you would hear in any locker room in America occupied by morally deficient billionaire pigs; (c) Bill Clinton did way worse things; and (d) WHAT ABOUT BENGHAZI? But the story does not go away. Over the next week, Trump is accused of improper groping by enough women to form a professional softball league. Trump responds to these allegations with a five-pronged defense: Prong One: These women are lying. Prong Two: ALL of them. They are LIARS. Prong Three: They are frankly not attractive enough to be groped by a star of his magnitude. Prong Four: The election is rigged! Prong Five: WHAT ABOUT BILL CLINTON AND BENGHAZI? Meanwhile, the Clinton campaign is dealing with a steady stream of WikiLeaks e-mails suggesting that the Clinton Foundation is dedicated to humanitarian relief in the same sense that the Soprano family was dedicated to waste management. And then, just when we thought it could not get any weirder or any worse, we are hit with the mother of all October surprises in the form of the incurable genital wart on the body politic known as Anthony Weiner. While probing Weiner’s laptop (har!) for evidence of alleged sexting with an underage girl, the FBI reportedly discovers thousands of e-mails that were sent from or to Hillary Clinton’s private e-mail server, which apparently had a higher Internet profile than Taylor Swift. Comey sends a letter informing Congress that the FBI is taking another look at the e-mail issue. In a display of the intellectual integrity that has made our political class so respected by ordinary citizens, all the Democrats and allied pundits who praised Comey in July as a courageous public servant instantly swap positions with all the Republicans and allied pundits who said he was a cowardly hack. Meanwhile, millions of critical swing voters switch from “undecided” to “suicidal.” In non-campaign-related October news: — A government report concludes that the Affordable Care Act (motto: “If You Like Your Doctor, Maybe You’ll Like Your New Doctor”) is going to cost many people a lot more while continuing to provide the same range of customizable consumer options as a parking meter. — In the arts, Bob Dylan refuses to answer his doorbell, forcing members of the Swedish Academy to leave the Nobel Prize in Literature in his mailbox. The month ends on an upbeat note as Americans celebrate Halloween, a welcome escape from the relentless drumbeat of bad news, as evidenced by this FoxNews.com headline, which we swear we are not making up: “Some Florida Parents Plan to Arm Themselves While Going Trick-or-Treating Over Clown Concerns.” Speaking of treats, in . . . NOVEMBER . . . the Chicago Cubs win the World Series. Finally! Yay! What a fun month! Ezra Shaw/Getty Images Jon Lester. OK, that’s our summary of November. Now it’s time to move along to the events of . . . DECEMBER No, that would be wrong. This is supposed to be a review of the whole year, warts and all, and we have to face reality. So let’s all take a deep breath, compose ourselves and go back to . . . NOVEMBER . . . which begins with yet another letter to congressional leaders from Comey, who lately has generated more correspondence than Publishers Clearing House. This time, concerning the newly discovered e-mails on Weiner’s laptop, he says: Never mind. This forces Republicans and Democrats to again swap positions on whether Comey is a courageous patriot or total scum. As Election Day approaches, a consensus forms among the experts in the media/political complex, based on a vast array of demographic and scientific polling data evaluated with sophisticated analytical tools. These experts, who have made lucrative careers out of going on TV and explaining America to Americans, overwhelmingly agree that Clinton will win, possibly in a landslide, and this could very well mean the end of the Republican Party. Unfortunately, it turns out that a large sector of the American public has not been brought up to speed on all this expert analysis. And so it comes to pass that the unthinkable happens, in the form of . . . DECEMBER No, dammit! We have to do this! What happens in . . . NOVEMBER . . . is that Trump is elected president of the United States, unless this turns out to be one of those really vivid dreams, like the one where you’re at the dentist but you’re naked and your dentist is Bette Midler and spiders keep coming out of your mouth. Trump’s victory stuns the nation. Not since the darkest days of the Civil War have so many Americans unfriended each other on Facebook. Some even take the extreme step of writing “open letters.” Angry, traumatized protesters cry, march, shout, smash windows, set fires — and that’s just The New York Times editorial board. Leading celebrities who vowed to leave the country if Trump won immediately start making plans to . . . OK, to not actually leave the country per se, but next time they definitely will and YOU’LL BE SORRY. In Washington, Democrats who believed in a strong president wielding power via executive orders instantly exchange these deeply held convictions with Republicans who until Election Day at roughly 10 p.m. Eastern time believed fervently in filibusters and limited government. Joe Biden lies awake at night, staring at the ceiling. Meanwhile, a somber Trump, preparing to assume the most powerful office on the planet, puts the pettiness of the campaign behind him and — facing a world rife with turmoil — gets down to the all-important work of taking Twitter shots at the cast of Hamilton. He also begins assembling a Cabinet that, reflecting the diversity of the nation he has been elected to lead, includes several non-billionaires. The president-elect also receives classified briefings, during which he learns, among other things, that there are a LOT of foreign countries, including some where he does not even have golf courses. Meanwhile, the Democrats, now on a losing streak that has cost them the presidency, both houses of Congress, and a majority of the state legislatures, desperately seek an explanation for their party’s failures. After a hard, critical look in the mirror, they are forced, reluctantly, to stop seeking scapegoats and place the blame where it belongs: the Electoral College, the Russians, Facebook, and, of course, Comey. In the month’s biggest non-election news, the death of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro is greeted with expressions of sorrow from several dozen world leaders who never had to live under his rule and tears of happiness from many thousands of Cubans who did. As the bitter and tumultuous month finally draws to a close, Americans briefly stop fighting over politics and come together to celebrate Thanksgiving in the same way the Pilgrims did in 1623: fighting over flat-screen TVs. But the focus turns back to politics in . . . DECEMBER . . . during which Trump continues to dominate the news, his face appearing 24/7 on every channel, including the Food Network, even when the TV is turned off. The president-elect is busy, busy, busy. Early in the month he ruffles the feathers of the Chinese government when, in what is viewed as a departure from diplomatic protocol, he texts Beijing a poop emoji. Also he threatens a drone strike against Alec Baldwin. But the big story continues to be the Cabinet. Trump’s choice for Secretary of Defense is James “Mad Dog” Mattis, who impresses Trump with his sophisticated understanding of modern military strategy and also by biting the head off a live hamster. Most of the drama, however, involves the herd of hopefuls auditioning for secretary of state, including former Trump foe Mitt Romney, who explains to the press that his previous criticisms of Trump have been taken out of context, particularly his use of the phrase “scum toad,” which Romney says he meant “in the spirit of constructive dialogue.” In the end, Trump gives the state job to ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson on the basis of having a name that sounds like a spaceship captain in a movie called Escape From Planet Doom. Chris Christie dines alone in a Golden Corral in Freehold, New Jersey, pondering whether to accept the ambassadorship to Belize. Meanwhile, allegations of Russian interference in the election resurface after intelligence satellites detect the presence of 43,000 stolen HILLARY yard signs in Putin’s garage. This leads Democrats, who spent the fall mocking Trump for claiming the election was rigged, to claim that the election was rigged. The question of who won the election is formally laid to rest on December 19, when the Electoral College meets and votes to go back to 2015 and start over. Meanwhile, abroad: — French President Francois Hollande announces that he will not seek reelection, leading professional pollsters to predict that he will win in a landslide. — In a disturbing development, North Korean troops mass near the South Korean border armed with what intelligence sources identify as “a large quantity of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s.” Finally, mercifully, 2016 draws to a close. On New Year’s Eve, a festive crowd will gather in Times Square and millions more will tune in on TV to watch the ball drop that marks the dawn of the new year. This is one of the great traditions that connect us as a nation, and it serves to remind us that, although we disagree on many things, we are all part of the same big family — the American family — and when all is said and done, we hate each other. This is what we will be thinking as the big lighted ball begins to slowly descend the pole, traveling roughly 2 feet before it is vaporized by Russian fighter jets. Happy New Year, fellow Americans. It’s going to be exciting. Related Dreading 2017: A liberal woman looks ahead to Donald Trump’s America The 10 most popular Globe Magazine stories of the year Globe Magazine’s favorite covers of 2016 Dave Barry writes for The Miami Herald, though he no longer produces a weekly column. Send comments to magazine@globe.com. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Dave Barry’s year in review: The train wreck that was 2016 Ten-month old Methuen child revived twice after exposure to fentanyl For Democrats, some slivers of hope Medicaid may bar seniors’ trust funds to pay for extras Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Microsoft planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in first quarter of 2017: Report Microsoft planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in first quarter of 2017: Report Microsoft is planning to launch the new Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017, says a report By: Tech Desk | Updated: January 1, 2017 2:50 pm Microsoft is planning to launch Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017. (Source: Reuters) Microsoft is planning to launch the new Surface Pro 5 in the first quarter of 2017, says a report in DigiTimes quoting China’s Economic Daily News. The report adds the new 2-in-1 will come with an Ultra HD display, a magnetic charging stylus, and that Pegatron Technology will manufacture the device. The report doesn’t given any other hints or specifications about the upcoming device. For Microsoft, the Surface Pro 5 is not the only leak that has taken place. Photos of a purported Surface phone have also been shared on China’s Weibo, but need to be taken with a pinch of salt considering they resemble the old Lumia smartphones. The Surface smartphone is something that has long been rumoured, but we’ve not seen any major announcement from Microsoft on the mobile front for Windows 10. However, the Redmont-based technology giant has confirmed it will be bringing Windows 10 on ARM-architecture based processors as part of a new partnership with Qualcomm. Microsoft confirmed that in future Windows 10 users will be able to experience their desktop apps on future tablets, phones, etc which are running on Qualcomm processors. So the Surface phone might just end up making an appearance in 2017. Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book have emerged as successful devices. The company just updated its Surface lineup in October 2016. The new Surface Book i7, which indicates the use of Intel’s Core i7 processor also features NVIDIA’s GTX 965M GPU and has a 16 hour battery life. Microsoft Surface Book comes in 256GB, 512GB or 1TB storage options priced at $2,399, $2,799, and $3,299, respectively. The new Surface Studio desktop was also announced by the company at its big Surface event. Microsoft says its new Surface sales were the best in November 2016, and that its devices were preferred over Apple’s new MacBook Pro 2016. The Windows 10 maker also called Apple’s much-hyped new MacBook Pro a “disappointment”, especially for the professional consumers. We’ll have to wait and see how soon the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is introduced to the world, and whether there will be different processor versions of this, including perhaps a Qualcomm one. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: microsoft Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 1, 2017January 1, 2017 by Monika Donimirska Gadgets and apps to help you achieve those pending New Year resolutions in 2017 Made a New Year resolution last year about weight loss and the year before that and the year before that? As easy as it is to make those ambitious New Year resolutions, they mostly fizz out as we always come up with an excuse to avoid going through them. We at IBTimes UK suggest some technological help in achieving some of the most common New Read more => Gadgets and apps to help you achieve those pending New Year resolutions in 2017 CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Where ‘giving’ meets ‘reading’ Next PostNext Assassin's Creed review: Michael Fassbender-starring video game movie is another rotten apple Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Two chaotically tumbling Pluto moons January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News Looking for things to do with kids? 14 free or cheap places to take them in SoCal News New Year's Day babies debut at Inland hospitals News Bumper-to-bumper traffic on roads to snowy Big Bear, Idyllwild Business You may have $2,500 worth of stuff at home you could sell on eBay News On the Road: New year brings new laws on cell phones, car seats Drivers can no longer mess with their smart phones and must now place some children in rear-facing car seats. Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By AMY BENTLEY / CONTRIBUTING WRITER Published: Dec. 29, 2016 Updated: 2:27 p.m. On the Road: New year brings new laws on cell phones, car seats Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 2 More Galleries     In this week’s On the Road column, Amy Bentley discusses new state laws involving driving. Related article » This New Year’s Day, several new laws took effect in California that will affect drivers statewide. Here is a roundup from the California Highway Patrol, Department of Motor Vehicles and the Automobile Club of Southern California of three of the most important ones. We’ll discuss a handful of other new driving or transportation laws in next week’s column. Cellphones and driving California drivers will now have to learn to keep their hands off that smart phone while driving. Forget about fiddling with the playlist on your iPhone’s music app or checking for directions on Google maps on your phone while behind the wheel. On Sunday, Jan. 1, Assembly Bill 1785, which Gov. Jerry Brown signed in September, took effect. The new law expands California’s restrictions on mobile phone use while driving in a bigger effort to prevent or reduce distracted driving. Drivers are now forbidden from “holding and operating” mobile phones for any reason, except for functions that require only “the motion of a single swipe or tap of the driver’s finger,” if the phone is mounted on the windshield or dashboard. So, if you can use your smart phone with a single swipe or finger tap, you’re OK, but you can’t be holding it. Assemblyman Bill Quirk, D-Hayward, introduced the bill amid growing concern over the increase in crashes due to distracted driving and mobile phone use. Fatal crashes involving distracted driving rose 8.8 percent nationwide last year over 2014, according to the government. Previous laws outlawed making phone calls or texting on mobile devices unless the device is hands-free, but the law made no provisions for playing with other apps. The original laws dealing with mobile phones and driving were passed beginning 10 years ago, when mobile phones were not nearly as sophisticated. Also, and fewer people had smart phones – or used them as much as they do today. There’s more coming on this topic. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is so concerned about the rising number of distracted driving crashes that it is asking companies such as Samsung and Apple to develop phones with technology that can determine if people are driving and then lock them lock out of most apps when they are. The government may also ask automakers to install similar technology in vehicles. The agency is considering issuing voluntary guidelines for vehicle and cellphone companies. Stay tuned. New car seat rule Another new law effective Sunday, Jan. 1, says that children under 2 must now ride in a rear-facing car seat unless the child weighs 40 or more pounds, or is 40 or more inches tall. That means parents up front will no longer be able to turn around and face their infants under 2 who don’t meet these size requirements. Under current California law, children 8 and younger must be secured in a car seat or booster seat in the back seat. Children who are 8 or who are 4 feet, 9 inches tall must be secured by a safety belt. All passengers 16 and older are subject to California’s mandatory seat belt law. Parents or responsible drivers in the vehicle can be fined $500 or more if their children under 16 are not buckled up or in a car seat. Higher accident reporting threshold The minimum damage threshold for accident reporting to the state has risen from $750 to $1,000. This means a driver involved in a crash with property damages of more than $1,000 must report it to the Department of Motor Vehicles or the DMV can impose sanctions. Do you commute to work in the Inland Empire? Spend a lot of time in your vehicle? Have questions about driving, freeways, toll roads or parking? If so, write or call On the Road and we’ll try to answer your questions. Please include your question or issue, name, city of residence, phone number and email address. Write ontheroad@pe.com or call 951-368-9670. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from On the Road On the Road: Rest areas are vital, reader says, so why is the Brookside Rest Area on I-10 closed? On the Road: Even disabled placards have parking limits On the Road: How drivers can stay safe during the holidays COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2017 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news US politics world news environment business tech science money opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis arts culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs crosswords video Facebook Twitter US news US politics world news environment business tech science money sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Newspapers Peter Preston on press and broadcasting Change never stops, but we will always need journalism Peter Preston Reflecting on my long experience in the newspaper business only reminds me that the rules are always being rewritten Peter Preston, when editor of the Guardian, watches an archive copy of the paper come off an ancient press. Photograph: The Guardian Newspapers Peter Preston on press and broadcasting Change never stops, but we will always need journalism Peter Preston Reflecting on my long experience in the newspaper business only reminds me that the rules are always being rewritten Sunday 1 January 2017 02.00 EST Last modified on Sunday 1 January 2017 02.02 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The trouble as 2017 begins is simplicity, as in simple cause and effect. Fifteen years ago, Britain devoured around 15m newspapers each morning. Now it’s 6m and falling. Meanwhile digital consumption/addiction accelerates away and social media dominate reading time and attention. One habit dies; another takes over. That’s an obvious tale of cause and effect, a conclusion that broadcasters who don’t much appreciate the printed press find an easy recitation. One habit falls, another takes over. An equation so basic you don’t really have to think about it – nor try to set it in any historical context. But look back awhile before you look forward. For looking forward means looking back. History has a way of answering questions – and my history in print began almost six decades ago at the Witney Press, 12 miles from Oxford. There, twice a week, academic ambitions pushed conveniently well to one side, some of us brought out the university paper Cherwell. And there, too, we registered the hard, creaky truths about newspaper production: an old, thumping flatbed press down below, a composing room that shook as the first copies emerged, and three men who knew the ropes. Bill sat at the Linotype keyboard and set every word; George was head printer and head of everything; and then there was Trembly Charlie, who had a disconcerting habit of scattering lead slugs all over the floor as deadlines neared. So I learned many things at the double. How to write stories that cut from the bottom. How to find extra space when tales wound up short. How to rummage in the big box of ancient wood type when you needed a headline bigger than 48 point. (We had a scoop about a planned highway through Magdalen meadows – but the only letters left that made any Countdown-style sense proclaimed nothing beyond “THE ROAD”. OK, print it.). How not to panic or lose your temper. How to be very nice to Charlie when his hand started shaking again. That was all good stuff, two years later, stoning in the women’s page at the Liverpool Daily Post. Even better stuff, seven years on, in the composing room at the Guardian in Gray’s Inn Road where – one early miracle of new technology – teletype setting (aka TTS) delivered more sticks of lead bearing only a vague approximation of the copy pumped down the line from a threatened but still fully staffed Manchester office. Were there better ways of finding the future? Alastair Hetherington, my editor, perhaps more interested in cabinet politics than printing systems, sent me on a tour of the US to report. I found a glorious newsroom at the Miami Herald, a faded pink paradise, huge picture windows overlooking a blue lagoon, which was pioneering optical character reading, OCR. But it worked slightly less well than our own TTS. Another one bit the dust. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Daily Telegraph’s ‘integrated’ newsroom. Photograph: Martin Argles for the Observer I sat in the newsroom of the Boston Globe, a computer on every desk – except in the editor’s office, where newfangled devices weren’t welcome. I went to Massachusetts as Atex became a name to conjure with and saw computer keyboards begin to replace typewriters (except at the Guardian, where the National Graphical Association insisted on having their stalwarts retrained on qwerty boards so that their rights to double key-stroking remained briefly inviolate). Then I watched silently as, at last, the final remnants of hot metal were carried coffin fashion across the composing room floor, a way of life beaten out in traditional manner. I was there as journalists could at last set the paper themselves and lay it out on screen. I was around, and bailing desperately, when the IRA blew up our brand new Isle of Dogs print site. And all of this, one crisis after another, one false dawn after another, seemed to promise some publishing nirvana just around the corner. An era where the ancestral cry of the overseer as chapel meetings dragged on would be no more. “Oh Mr Preston, the pots have gone cold!”. (No hot metal for 30 minutes.) A world where communication – from editor to reader – was instantaneous rather than lugubrious. A world where editions flowed seamlessly, where pages could be changed in a trice: a world where putting the news out on paper was a pleasure, not an obstacle race. You could feel that print nirvana coming in the late 1980s and through the 1990s. New papers, new supplements, new thicker editions, the transforming wonders of colour – and the cost of the print union legions fading away as they left to find a new life for themselves. (Wapping had delivered a moment of history as well as much bitterness.) But, of course, progress has a way of tripping over its own shoelaces, so the full magic of profit and reduced costs never quite happened. More of everything on many more pages meant more competition, which meant more marketing budgets. And then there was the beginning of the internet, a true new frontier. Was it a revolution or merely another string to a newsroom’s bow? Core or peripheral? Small offices, and then much bigger offices, were needed to house a growing digital staff. Some newspapers – the Telegraph, the Guardian – thought they saw the point fast and developed theories of parallel, integrated production. Some – even the Daily Mail – watched and waited. Few quite predicted what would happen next. But soon it wasn’t – as mostly it remains – a question of either digital news or print news. Soon, ominously, the answer was clearly both: a daily paper produced on ever thinner resources, a digital posting in need of constant rewriting and re-editing. Could the staff who served online and print be truly integrated so that one team covered both? The Telegraph produced its giant wheel of a newsroom, one function lapping into another. Other papers invented even more complex copy and picture flows. Yet there was, and still isn’t, any clear resolution. Staffing increased inexorably in any case. Technical reinforcements were essential at every stage. More programs needed more programmers. Tablets followed laptops as the device of choice – except that, as Rupert Murdoch discovered after he’d spent millions launching The Daily, tablets were merely one more excuse for devising digital editions and tweaking them hour after hour. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Murdoch launches the ill-fated Daily tablet newspaper. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty Images No. Obviously, it seemed, the basic answer would have to be different: smartphones in the wake of the iPhone, extra Apple and Android versions, material reprocessed to fit different-sized screens, and prospectively benefiting from the incontrovertible fact that users, especially young people, were used to paying to use their mobile phones. Here was the magic viability of feet firm on profitable ground – except that it didn’t work out that way. There was, as it transpired, too much free news material out there you didn’t have to pay for. To this day, only about 10% of news on the net comes with a price tag. The central competition, therefore, had to be scrabbling for advertising riches to match the exponential growth figures as smartphones left tablets and laptops in the shade. Enter Netflix, Amazon and a host of streaming options. Enter an overwhelming demand for more video, together with ever more complex methods of measuring reader “engagement”. Enter a fresh array of web-only contenders fuelled with start-up investment. And, suddenly, there was no salvation in subscription formulas. The demand now is for more free – but more free in any every sense as ad-blocking cuts revenues sharply and digital advertising to news-oriented sites stalls, leaving all those extra staff and all those investment hopes looking a trifle bereft. More, this is a general phenomenon on the new side of the fence. It isn’t just newspaper sites that face a challenge. BuzzFeed and other wunderkinds have to pause and ponder their profit forecasts. The Huffington Post runs out of Huff and puff. The Gawker has pulled the chain on its own legend. Only Facebook, Google and Snapchat stand tall for the moment, hoovering up ad money and leaving precious little for the rest. Facebook Twitter Pinterest BuzzFeed faces as much of a profit challenge as traditional news outlets. Photograph: Screengrab So those 60 years of personal history begin to weigh heavy again. It’s natural to decide that life’s shifts are permanent as one steady state supplants another. The future has arrived, and there’s no need to ponder any more. Think Concorde, the new, supersonic manifestation of travel. Think manned space adventure. And, diminuendo, think newsprint perishing like the wrapping of fish and chips while digital communication inherits the Earth. But who, pray, deemed history moribund, like the print it supposedly consigns to the waste bin? Who decided that a story which has altered course so many times in my lifetime was now dead and buried? One spectacular crash, one daunting energy crisis, and Concorde itself was history. We didn’t need to go faster after all. The difficulty with history’s familiar progress shtick is that, to reach a simple, seemingly stable conclusion, you have to stop the clock and declare the entire race over, completely run. But we all ought to know by now that this is a marathon course without a finishing line. An article, or, frankly, a book, which proclaims print closure is mere extrapolation, not conclusion: as that personal history tour of mine rams home. The future changed when they bought a rotary press in Witney. The future changed when the Liverpool Daily Post gave birth to Trinity Mirror – and changed again when the Guardian seemed to leave Manchester for good. Was it Eddie Shah and Today? Or the saintly Andreas and his Independent? Is the future free or nestling behind a paywall? For that matter, has any non-specialist news provider found a stable foundation that guarantees survival 10 or 20 years hence? The point about looking back is that this unwinding chronicle never ends, never finds a steady state. There’s a whole new world beyond Facebook and Google out there – and only one certainty firm in the mix. However produced, however delivered, this swirling world needs facts, perceptions, arguments, reflections, hard truths. This world needs journalism. This is an edited version of Peter Preston’s chapter for Last Words? How Can Journalism Survive the Decline of Print? edited by John Mair, Tor Clark, Neil Fowler, Raymond Snoddy and Richard Tait and published this month by Abramis (£19.95). It is available to Observer readers for £15 on application to Richard@abramis.co.uk More comment Topics Newspapers Newspapers & magazines Digital media Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Media › Newspapers Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Trending: MARIAH CAREY SECOND AVENUE SUBWAY GEORGE MICHAEL RONDA ROUSEY RUSSIA Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: MARIAH CAREY SECOND AVENUE SUBWAY GEORGE MICHAEL RONDA ROUSEY RUSSIA New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Revelers in Times Square ring in 2017 as the world bids good riddance to 2016 World bids farewell to 2016 as Times Square rings in 2017 BY Anthony Izaguirre Elizabeth Keogh Denis Slattery NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Sunday, January 1, 2017, 2:03 AM facebook Tweet email Fireworks explode in Times Square as the clock strikes midnight on New Year's Eve. (STEPHANIE KEITH/REUTERS) BY Anthony Izaguirre Elizabeth Keogh Denis Slattery NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Sunday, January 1, 2017, 2:03 AM Good riddance, 2016. Revelers in Times Square and around the globe bid a final goodbye Saturday to the turbulent past 12 months and turned their thoughts to the future. A stunning shower of fireworks flooded the skies above Sydney, the first major city to ring in the new year, in a touching tribute to some of the celebrities who died in 2016. The colorful New Year’s Eve display hit a bittersweet note, honoring Prince, David Bowie and actor Gene Wilder. Check out the New Year’s Eve comet to kick off 2017 Mariah Carey performs during New Year's Eve celebrations in Times Square. (Andrew Schwartz for New York Daily News) The show, glittering above the city’s famed Harbour Bridge and Opera House, incorporated Bowie’s “Space Oddity” and songs from “Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.” “This year, sadly, we saw the loss of many music and entertainment legends around the world,” show co-producer Catherine Flanagan said. “So celebrating their music as part of Sydney New Year’s Eve fireworks displays is an opportunity to reflect on the year that has been and what the future may hold.” In Japan, 2017 began on a more subdued note as temple bells echoed at midnight and families flocked to shrines. 30 photos view gallery Happy New Year! New York rings in 2017 “I feel this sense of duality,” said Kami Miyamoto, 21, an economics student at Meiji University in Tokyo, who traveled home in Hakusan, Ishikawa prefecture, for the holiday. Donald Trump wishes a happy new year to all, including enemies “The world is heading toward conservative insular policies,” she said of the U.S. election, Brexit and what she believes lies ahead for elections in Europe in 2017. “We learned about how valuable it is to get correct information.” Residents in Beijing and Shanghai, China’s two largest cities, were passing New Year’s Eve in a relative state of security lockdown, according to Chinese media reports citing police. A couple kisses in Times Square as 2017 arrives. (EDUARDO MUNOZ ALVAREZ/AFP/Getty Images) Shanghai held no waterfront celebrations, where more than 30 people died two years ago in a deadly stampede, and large Beijing buildings that often display light shows were also dark. In Turkey, Neslihan Dogruol, an Istanbul restaurant owner, said she hopes for peace in 2017 following a year filled with “unrest and death.” SEE IT: Bald eagle parents say hello to New Year's Eve eaglet “2016 affected everyone badly,” she said, referring to major attacks that hit Turkey in the past year. 41 photos view gallery Top news stories of 2016 Others across the world reflected on the odd political landscape shaped by 2016 and shared a similar hope that the coming year will bring peace. Nicole Durand-Nusser, a French national who has lived in Berlin for almost 50 years, said 2016 was a difficult year. “Brexit, Trump, Erdogan — it’s all getting worse,” she said. “I’m a convinced European and I hope Europe doesn’t collapse in 2017.” UN boss Ban Ki-Moon will start Times Square New Year's ball drop Confetti falls as the clock strikes midnight during New Year celebrations in Times Square. (MARK KAUZLARICH/REUTERS) Pope Francis offered a hopeful New Year’s Eve message, calling on the faithful to help young people find a place in society. Young people have been “pushed to the margins of public life, forcing them to migrate or to beg for jobs that no longer exist, or fail to promise them a future,” Francis said during vespers Saturday in Vatican City. The Pope said the world owed young people a debt, saying it has deprived them of “dignified and genuine work” that would allow them to take part in society, instead condemning them “to knock on doors that for the most part remain closed.” In Times Square, more than 1 million people were expected to pack into the streets Saturday evening to ring in 2017. Gov. Cuomo to take inaugural ride of Second Ave. subway on NYE The first corrals, closest to the famed ball drop, were filled by early afternoon with diehards who lined up as early as 10:30 a.m. Kelly Morra, 39, from Wareham, Mass., said 2016 wasn’t her worst year. A stunning shower of fireworks flooded the skies above Sydney, the first major city to ring in 2017. (JASON REED/REUTERS) “I voted Hillary though, so maybe not,” she joked. “I’m a bit nervous for 2017, but I wish that everything will work out politically and in my personal life.” Cath Venning, 30, from Reading, England, said spending New Year’s Eve in the center of the Big Apple in a sea of strangers was a dream come true, as well as a belated birthday wish. “I had 30 things to do before my 30th birthday,” said Venning, whose birthday was Dec. 16. “This is what I had to do. New Year’s Eve in Times Square is No. 30.” 30 photos view gallery Top New York Daily News photos of 2016 Security was tight around the massive crowd, with 7,000 police officers, counterterrorism units, bomb-sniffing dogs, dozens of checkpoints and 65 sand-filled Sanitation Department trucks ensuring the celebration goes smoothly. “They can’t move. If they’re out, they can't come back,” one cop working near the stage said. Mayor de Blasio, joined by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, was set to press the Waterford crystal button a minute before midnight, ushering in 2017. De Blasio was scheduled to attend the ball drop after going underground for an inaugural ride with Gov. Cuomo on the new Second Avenue subway line. With News Wire Services Tags: sydney australia new year's eve new years prince david bowie gene wilder holidays Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 88264953 story Slashdot's 10 Most-Visited Stories of 2016 (slashdot.org) 34 Posted by EditorDavid on Sunday January 01, 2017 @12:40AM from the happy-New-Year dept. Slashdot's most-visited story of the year was "Microsoft Live Account Credentials Leaking From Windows 8 And Above," which was visited more than 330,910 times since we published it August 16. And our second and third most popular stories came in the spring -- Apple Is Fighting A Secret War To Keep You From Repairing Your Phone and Google Chrome To Disallow Backspace As a 'Back' Button. Click through for a complete list of Slashdot's 10 most-visited stories of 2016. Here's a quick reminder for 2017. You can always find a list of Slashdot's ten most-visited stories for the preceding year in the Slashdot "Hall of Fame." It will also tell you which stories got the most comments during the preceding year, and also reveals the most active submitters and most active poll topics. Here's our 10 most-visited stories for 2016. Microsoft Live Account Credentials Leaking From Windows 8 And Above Apple Is Fighting A Secret War To Keep You From Repairing Your Phone Google Chrome To Disallow Backspace As a 'Back' Button Can Cow Backpacks Reduce Global Methane Emissions? Confirmed: In an Unprecedented Move, Samsung Recalls All Galaxy Note 7 World Reacts To The Worst Mass Shooting In U.S. History The Case Against a Universal Basic Income Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? FBI: Review of New Emails Doesn't Change Conclusion on Clinton The Slashdot Interview With Larry Wall technology stats popularitycontest ← Related Links → Can Learning Smalltalk Make You A Better Programmer? The Most Popular Bad Passwords of 2015 Google Chrome To Disallow Backspace As a 'Back' Button Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? Apple Is Fighting A Secret War To Keep You From Repairing Your Phone World Reacts To The Worst Mass Shooting In U.S. History The Slashdot Interview With Larry Wall The Case Against a Universal Basic Income C Top Programming Language For 2016, Finds IEEE's Study The Most Popular Product Of All Time Microsoft Live Account Credentials Leaking From Windows 8 And Above Can Cow Backpacks Reduce Global Methane Emissions? Confirmed: In an Unprecedented Move, Samsung Recalls All Galaxy Note 7 FBI: Review of New Emails Doesn't Change Conclusion on Clinton Wikipedia Announces the Most Edited Articles of 2016 2016 Saw A Massive Increase In Encrypted Web Traffic Slashdot's 10 Most-Visited Stories of 2016 More | Reply Login Slashdot's 10 Most-Visited Stories of 2016 Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 34 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by hambone142 ( 2551854 ) writes: What?! We can't throw Trump, the Russians, the DNC or Hillary in to the fray ? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: They are ranked by the number of hits on the page, not the number of comments. Those stories probably got linked to from other popular sites it highly ranked on Google. It's a shame they don't list the highest rated and most prolific commenters too. Re: (Score:1) by SciFurz ( 4819615 ) writes: The high number of hits could have been from the popcorn eating crowd expecting huge flamewars in the comments. Sometimes the comment section is much more interesting and entertaining than the article itself. ... Okay, maybe most of the time. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Comment Totals (Score:5, Informative) by Kunedog ( 1033226 ) writes: on Sunday January 01, 2017 @01:14AM (#53587191) Added post counts in case anyone else is interested: Here's our 10 most-visited stories for 2016. 55 - Microsoft Live Account Credentials Leaking From Windows 8 And Above 364 - Apple Is Fighting A Secret War To Keep You From Repairing Your Phone 348 - Google Chrome To Disallow Backspace As a 'Back' Button 190 - Can Cow Backpacks Reduce Global Methane Emissions? 179 - Confirmed: In an Unprecedented Move, Samsung Recalls All Galaxy Note 7 1718 - World Reacts To The Worst Mass Shooting In U.S. History 1145 - The Case Against a Universal Basic Income 982 - Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 733 - FBI: Review of New Emails Doesn't Change Conclusion on Clinton 167 - The Slashdot Interview With Larry Wall Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Comment Totals (Score:4, Insightful) by Carewolf ( 581105 ) writes: on Sunday January 01, 2017 @01:16AM (#53587201) Homepage Added post counts in case anyone else is interested: Here's our 10 most-visited stories for 2016. 55 - Microsoft Live Account Credentials Leaking From Windows 8 And Above I think for most of us, silence said it all. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by rossz ( 67331 ) writes: It would have been big news if we learned they weren't leaking credentials and huge number of posts discussing how that was possible. Re: (Score:2) by tsa ( 15680 ) writes: Exactly. We would have been surprised if the convenient leakimg feature hadn't been built in. Re: (Score:3) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: It's depressing how familiar that list is. Microsoft bugs/hate, mass shootings in the US, Apple being dicks, global warming denial, some bastard made a minor charge to the UI... It could be 2005 again. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by ls671 ( 1122017 ) writes: It is obviously based on vaporware analytics. Deja Vu. (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Does "most visited" include the dupes? Just goes to show how generic Slashdot is (Score:3) by ET3D ( 1169851 ) writes: on Sunday January 01, 2017 @03:45AM (#53587401) No longer news for nerds, it's just mainly a generic site where political and "OMG big corporations are fucking us" posts are the highlights. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by zifn4b ( 1040588 ) writes: No longer news for nerds, it's just mainly a generic site where political and "OMG big corporations are fucking us" posts are the highlights. I bet this post was made by a Russian hacker! 1 reply beneath your current threshold. No Trump story? (Score:2) by Lisandro ( 799651 ) writes: Kinda surprised that one isn't in the list. It had close to 2800 comments. Donald Trump Wins US Presidency [slashdot.org] Re: (Score:2) by bongey ( 974911 ) writes: No BeauHD and EditorDavid are still in denial. Less Politics Than Expected (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: It's interesting to see that there aren't many political posts in the top ten. I was expecting Trump, Clinton, Brexit, Trump, Russian Hackers, Clinton, etc, but may of the posts are actually technology related. Maybe Slashdot should realise that its readers don't want another political news site and would rather they stick with science and technology. Incidentally, the Related Links at the bottom contain: Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Twitters Says It Will 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Finally (Score:2) by dohzer ( 867770 ) writes: Finally... a "the year that was" story that comes AFTER THE END OF THE YEAR IT IS DISCUSSING! So sick of news stories being release before the end of the year. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 7 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 832 commentsWhy Does Twitter Refuse To Shut Down Donald Trump? next 2016 Saw A Massive Increase In Encrypted Web Traffic 90 comments previous Can Learning Smalltalk Make You A Better Programmer? 320 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 34 of 34 loaded Submit Story FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers. -- Steven Feiner FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 62° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 62° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us BBB's top 10 scams of 2016 By Kelly Trevino Jan. 1, 2017 at midnight Updated Jan. 2, 2017 at 12:15 a.m. Kelly Trevino is the Regional Director for the Corpus Christi office of Better Business Bureau serving Central, Coastal, Southwest Texas and the Permian Basin. It's a new year, but unfortunately, scams that happen every day are not. With the help of consumers and the more than 30,000 scam reports they filed, Better Business Bureau has compiled a list of the top scams of 2016. These were the top 10 scams of 2016: IRS/tax scam This scam topped the list with your local BBB and with BBB nationally. How this scam works: an impostor, someone claiming to be with the IRS, will call you and tell you that you owe money to the government and if you don't pay now, you will be arrested. Scammers threaten you to send them money via a prepaid debit card or wire transfer, and many people pay out of fear. BBB advises you to hang up - the IRS and other government agencies won't call you to collect money or ask you to make a payment via a prepaid card or wire transfer. Debt collections scam You receive a phone call from someone claiming you have an unpaid debt. You are threatened with garnishments, lawsuits and even jail time if you don't pay right now. The scammer will often use Caller ID spoofing and pretend to be a government agency or law enforcement in order to further invoke fear and make you send money. Sweepstakes/prizes/gifts scam With this scam, you receive a phone call, email or letter claiming that you've won a prize in a sweepstakes, perhaps one that you've never entered. In order to receive the prize, you're instructed to send a fee to cover expenses associated with processing, insurance or delivery. However, this prize is not real. If you've really won, you should never have to pay money to claim a prize. Online purchase scam This scam occurs when consumers pay for an item they never receive. While many online shopping sites are legitimate, some scammers set up fraudulent sites in order to steal personal or financial information or your money. Do your research and make sure you're shopping on a legitimate, secure site and buying from a reputable seller. Employment scam Scammers may say they have a job opening or can guarantee job placement if you first pay a fee to cover the cost it takes to place you in a job. However, after you pay, the job doesn't materialize. If a potential employer asks you to pay the company to cover the costs of testing, training or background checks, consider it a red flag. Government grant scam This scam comes in the form of a phone call, email or letter informing you that you qualify for a government grant. In order to receive the grant, you must first send a processing or delivery fee, usually by wire transfer or a prepaid debit card. BBB advises you to never send money by wire transfer or a prepaid card to someone you don't know or haven't met in person. It's almost impossible to trace this type of payment once it's gone. Tech support scam You get a call or a pop-up on your computer claiming to be from Microsoft (or Norton, or Apple) about a problem on your computer. They say if you give "tech support" access to your hard drive, they can fix it. Instead, they install malware on your computer and start stealing your personal information. Advance fee loan scam An advance fee loan may seem like an easy way to get cash fast but may end up being a burden because of high interest rates and unaffordable payment terms. Advance fee lenders charge an upfront fee and will "guarantee" you a loan despite your credit history, and chances are, you won't get your money back. Also, real lenders, like banks or credit unions, will check your credit history - even if your credit history is good. A lack of interest in your credit history is an immediate red flag. Fake check or money order scam This scam can happen anytime someone is paying you for goods or services, even when you are selling something online. You receive a check in the mail that is larger than the amount owed, and you are asked to deposit the check and wire the difference. However, the check ends up being a fake, and when it bounces, you are the one out of the money. Phishing scam Phishing is an attempt to acquire personal information, such as usernames, passwords and credit card numbers, by claiming to be a trustworthy person or business. You may receive an email telling you that you've won a contest or that a business needs to verify your personal information. However, links in the email can take you to a site that downloads malware on your computer to search for your sensitive data. BBB advises you to never open emails or click on links from sources you don't know. Keep in mind that legitimate businesses won't ask you to confirm your personal information through email. Kelly Trevino is the regional director for the Corpus Christi office of Better Business Bureau serving Central, Coastal, Southwest Texas and the Permian Basin. You can reach her at 361-945-7352 or ktrevino@corpuschristi.bbb.org. RELATED Do research before buying gift cards BBB offers advice for returning and exchanging gifts after the holidays Tips for finding trustworthy pet care How to safeguard yourself against medical identity theft Your business date book -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 29  Yoakum doctor's license temporarily suspended 13  First Sleep Number store to come to Victoria 11  Bill to hold businesses liable if guns prohibited 04  City set to sell Navarro property for $1.2M 04  Delivery nurse birth is New Year's first Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
null
null
null
Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps ePaper Login Subscribe Now Kingston Mon | Jan 2, 2017 Search Menu Main menu Home Lead Stories News Sports Entertainment Business Letters Commentary Flair Health Food Secondary Menu World News Lifestyle In Focus Auto Social Outlook Shipping Western Focus Art & Leisure Jobs Power 106 Classifieds Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? Published:Sunday | January 1, 2017 | 12:00 AMMichael Liedtke Photo Video AP In this Thursday, December 22, 2016, photo, a boy plays with Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. SAN FRANCISCO. California: While merrily chirping, dancing and posing for selfies, a robot named Pepper looks like another expensive toy at a San Francisco mall. But don't dismiss it as mere child's play. Pepper embodies the ambitions of SoftBank Robotics, an Asian joint venture formed by a trio of major technology companies that's aiming to put its personable robots in businesses and homes across the US over the next few years. If the technology advances as Softbank Robotics hopes, Pepper could become a playmate, a companion, and concierge. It could eventually respond to voice commands to retrieve vital information, make reservations and control home appliances that are connected to the Internet. That's the theory, anyway. For now, Pepper is more amusing than practical, Forrester Research analyst J.P. Gownder says. For instance, Pepper has been directing shoppers to stores in the mall through text messages because it still isn't advanced enough to say them out loud. And Pepper still has trouble understanding what people are asking, requiring shoppers to type in their requests for mall directions on a tablet mounted on the robot's chest. SoftBank is trying to improve Pepper's capabilities by focusing first on the business market - retailers, hotels, auto dealerships and even hospitals. SoftBank hopes to use those environments to learn more about what consumers like and don't like about Pepper, and from that, teach it more tasks, said Steve Carlin, the venture's vice-president for marketing and business development in North America.   GREETINGS IN THE MALL   The recently launched test runs in Westfield Corp's malls in San Francisco and Santa Clara, mark the first time that Pepper has made an extended appearance in the US The robots began appearing just before Thanksgiving and will stick around through mid-February. Carlin says about 300 to 500 people engaged with Pepper during its first month in the San Francisco mall. During a recent visit, kids flocked around the 4-foot-tall humanoid as it spoke in a cherubic voice that could belong to either a boy or girl. Westfield views Pepper as a way to make shopping in the mall more entertaining and enjoyable at a time when people are increasingly buying merchandise online. Three Peppers are sprinkled in heavily trafficked areas around Westfield's San Francisco mall and the two more are in the Santa Clara centre. If all goes well, Westfield also plans to bring Pepper to its New York mall at the World Trade Center and Garden State mall in Paramus, New Jersey. "We put her in our (human resources) system and have given her a name tag," says Shawn Pauli, senior vice-president for Westfield.   MARKET AMBITIONS   Pepper got its start two years ago in Japan before expanding into Europe. In those two markets, more than 10,000 Peppers are already operating in grocery stores, coffee shops, banks, cruise lines, railway stations and homes. Most of the robots are in businesses. SoftBank hasn't disclosed how many have been sold to consumers. Carlin acknowledges that the U.S. will be a tougher market to crack than Japan, where he says consumers tend to embrace new technology more quickly. In addition, Pepper's price is likely to be out of reach for most consumers. The robot currently sells for about $2,000. A three-year subscription covering software upgrades, insurance and technology support increase the total to $18,000 to $20,000. Softbank Robotics is controlled by Japan's Softbank Group, a technology conglomerate that recently pledged to invest $50 billion in US start-ups. A remaining 40 per cent stake is equally owned by China's Alibaba Group, Asia's e-commerce leader, and by Taiwan's Foxconn, which assembles Apple's iPhone and is considering a US expansion.   PEPPER ISN'T ALONE   Despite its pedigree, Pepper already lags behind a cruder-looking robot that home improvement retailer Lowe's has been testing as a way to help shoppers find merchandise in its sprawling stores, Gownder says. The 'LoweBot,' a box-like machine on wheels, began patrolling a San Jose, California store last month and will begin showing up in 10 other stores in the San Francisco Bay area in early 2017. If all goes well, it could become a fixture in all of Lowe's stores. Gownder gives LoweBot the early edge over Pepper because Lowe's machine has a detailed database of the store's inventory, enabling it to quickly determine if something is in stock and then guide shoppers to the aisle where the requested item is located. "While Pepper offers a lively, appealing interface, it remains to be seen whether it will fill the role that retailers want," Gownder says. "Does it have enough intelligence to answer customers' questions effectively?"   EARLY FEEDBACK   While the LoweBot is a one-trick pony, focused on retail tasks, SoftBank's ambitions with Pepper are greater. Pepper has enough artificial intelligence to recognise smiles and frowns, helping the robot understand the mood of a person interacting with it. But it also tends to lock its electronic eyes on someone standing in front of it and continue to follow people as they look away while ignoring the next visitor. A recent visitor to the San Francisco mall, Sharif Ezzat, noticed some of Pepper's shortcomings and concluded that the robot is still a long way from having mass appeal. "I can't see it right now, but I can see where it's going," Ezzat said of Pepper's potential. Chaz MacSwan, a puppeteer in San Francisco, was more impressed. "Look at the joy it's bringing to people, especially the kids," MacSwan said. "I'd love to have one, especially if it could clean the carpets." «Everything you need to know about neuroeconomics The 10 Ds of success» View the discussion thread. More Art & Leisure Email this story Print this page E-mail the editor More Stories This Week's Shutterbugs The 10 Ds of success Everything you need to know about neuroeconomics Pointers to publishing - A New Beginning 'The Spirit of Budo : History of Japanese Martial Arts to visit Kingston This Week's Shutterbugs Poems Biotechnology: what it is and how it's about to change our lives Latoya Williams: Unraveling generational mysteries Feel good about yourself, that is what matters Videos For more videos click here. Latest Blogs Adding up the cost of the new year Adding up the cost of the new year HAPPY NEW YEAR MOTORSPORTS WE LOVE YOU DRAG RACING UNTAMED AGGRESSION A MISSILE NAMED TOYOTA COROLLA Have you met your financial goals Top jobs Table of Contents The Gleaner Archives Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your Way Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Games Videos Gleaner Company Websites The Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Hospitality Jamaica Gleaner Extra (N. America) Youthlink Voice UK Gleaner Company Websites Business Directory Restaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Sports Jamaica diGJamaica Weather Gleaner Links Our Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJR Gleaner Merger Q&A Copyright © 2017 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? | Bangkok Post: tech Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More TECHNOLOGY Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Technology Homepage World updates Local news Reviews Apps Mobile & tablets Computers Gadgets Buy & sell Tech > World Updates Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? 1 Jan 2017 at 10:59 6,062 viewed0 comments WRITER: AP Laila (left) and her sister Nour (last names not given) play with Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco on Dec 22, 2016. (AP photo) - + SAN FRANCISCO - While merrily chirping, dancing and posing for selfies, a robot named Pepper looks like another expensive toy at a San Francisco mall. But don't dismiss it as mere child's play. Pepper embodies the ambitions of SoftBank Robotics, an Asian joint venture formed by a trio of major technology companies that's aiming to put its personable robots in businesses and homes across the United States over the next few years. If the technology advances as Softbank Robotics hopes, Pepper could become a playmate, companion and concierge. It could eventually respond to voice commands to retrieve vital information, make reservations and control home appliances that are connected to the internet. That's the theory, anyway. For now, Pepper is more amusing than practical, Forrester Research analyst J.P. Gownder says. For instance, Pepper has been directing shoppers to stores in the mall through text messages because it still isn't advanced enough to say them out loud. And Pepper still has trouble understanding what people are asking, requiring shoppers to type in their requests for mall directions on a tablet mounted on the robot's chest. SoftBank is trying to improve Pepper's capabilities by focusing first on the business market -- retailers, hotels, auto dealerships and even hospitals. SoftBank hopes to use those environments to learn more about what consumers like and don't like about Pepper and, from that, teach it more tasks, said Steve Carlin, the venture's vice president for marketing and business development in North America. Greetings in the mall The recently launched test runs in Westfield Corp's malls in San Francisco and Santa Clara, California, mark the first time that Pepper has made an extended appearance in the US. The robots began appearing just before Thanksgiving and will stick around through mid-February. Carlin says about 300 to 500 people per day engaged with Pepper during its first month in the San Francisco mall. During a recent visit, kids flocked around the 4-foot-tall humanoid as it spoke in a cherubic voice that could belong to either a boy or girl. Westfield views Pepper as a way to make shopping in the mall more entertaining and enjoyable at a time when people are increasingly buying merchandise online. Three Peppers are sprinkled in heavily trafficked areas around Westfield's San Francisco mall and the two more are in the Santa Clara center. If all goes well, Westfield also plans to bring Pepper to its New York mall at the World Trade Center and Garden State mall in Paramus, New Jersey. "We put her in our (human resources) system and have given her a name tag," says Shawn Pauli, senior vice president for Westfield. (continued below) A boy plays with Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco on Dec 22, 2016. (AP photo) Market ambitions Pepper got its start two years ago in Japan before expanding into Europe. In those two markets, more than 10,000 Peppers are already operating in grocery stores, coffee shops, banks, cruise lines, railway stations and homes. Most of the robots are in businesses. SoftBank hasn't disclosed how many have been sold to consumers. Carlin acknowledges the US will be a tougher market to crack than Japan, where he says consumers tend to embrace new technology more quickly. In addition, Pepper's price is likely to be out of reach for most consumers. The robot currently sells for about $2,000; a three-year subscription covering software upgrades, insurance and technology support increases the total to $18,000 to $20,000. Softbank Robotics is controlled by Japan's Softbank Group, a technology conglomerate that recently pledged to invest $50 billion in US startups. A remaining 40% stake is equally owned by China's Alibaba Group, Asia's e-commerce leader, and by Taiwan's Foxconn, which assembles Apple's iPhone and is considering a US expansion. Pepper isn't alone Despite its pedigree, Pepper already lags behind a cruder-looking robot that home improvement retailer Lowe's has been testing as a way to help shoppers find merchandise in its sprawling stores, Gownder says. The "LoweBot," a box-like machine on wheels, began patrolling a San Jose, California, store last month and will begin showing up in 10 other stores in the San Francisco Bay area in early 2017. If all goes well, it could become a fixture in all of Lowe's stores. Gownder gives LoweBot the early edge over Pepper because Lowe's machine has a detailed database of the store's inventory, enabling it to quickly determine if something is in stock and then guide shoppers to the aisle where the requested item is located. "While Pepper offers a lively, appealing interface, it remains to be seen whether it will fill the role that retailers want," Gownder says. "Does it have enough intelligence to answer customers' questions effectively?" Early feedback While LoweBot is a one-trick pony, focused on retail tasks, SoftBank's ambitions with Pepper are greater. Pepper has enough artificial intelligence to recognise smiles and frowns, helping the robot understand the mood of a person interacting with it. But it also tends to lock its electronic eyes on someone standing in front of it and continue to follow people as they look away while ignoring the next visitor. A recent visitor to the San Francisco mall, Sharif Ezzat, noticed some of Pepper's shortcomings and concluded that the robot is still a long way from having mass appeal. "I can't see it right now, but I can see where it's going," Ezzat said of Pepper's potential. Chaz MacSwan, a puppeteer in San Francisco, was more impressed. "Look at the joy it's bringing to people, especially the kids," MacSwan said. "I'd love to have one, especially if it could clean the carpets." TAGS Humanoid robots Pepper Alibaba SoftBank RECOMMENDED STORIES Police to seek answers from Facebook over false bomb alert Facebook: Bombing alert confirmed by Thai media Thai cybersecurity lagging Army denies purchasing devices to hack data Fake bomb news fools thousands Shopping smarter All set for PromptPay The mustachioed Italian plumber makes iOS debut Those damn cables Most Viewed 25,052 Fake bomb news fools thousands 19,632 Army hits back on Facebook 18,152 Facebook: Bombing alert confirmed ... 13,870 Army denies purchasing devices to ... 10,706 Police to seek answers from ... Recent TECH Articles Army hits back on Facebook App connects to local services Poll: Asian youths rely on devices Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 08:12 Rocky road for media industry 07:50 Thief loots cash, gold at court office 06:33 NLA voices concern over charter rules 04:25 Work on high-speed train projects to get 2017 start 03:57 Inmates beheaded in Brazil jail riot, 60 dead 03:22 Islamic State claims Istanbul nightclub massacre 02:50 Mata, Ibrahimovic lead Man United over West Ham 01:48 updateHorror highway crash, blast kills 25 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
null
Welcome to our new-look website. If you are having trouble finding what you need, you can view the traditional format here Advertisement Colonel John Dorrian, spokesman for the Global Coalition against Islamic State in Whitehall London. Photo: Latika Bourke ICON World>Latika Bourke1 Jan 2017, 1:19 p.m. Islamic State will attempt more attacks in 2017, US head of global coalition warns A member of the Iraqi Special Forces shoots his machine gun against an Islamic State militant drone in Mosul. Photo: Manu Brabo Advertisement See your ad here Iraqi Army soldiers inspect defenses in the eastern section of Mosul. Photo: KHALID MOHAMMED London: Islamic State will likely attempt more terror attacks and morph into a counter-insurgency group as it faces the loss of its Iraqi stronghold in 2017, the US spokesman for the global coalition has warned. Speaking to journalists at Whitehall, Colonel John Dorrian conceded that the battle for Mosul had become protracted but declared: "the Iraqis are going to liberate Mosul, that is fact." "It will happen it's just a matter of time," he added. Once Mosul is reclaimed the global coalition will then turn its attention to taking back Islamic State's last stronghold and its so-called Syrian capital - Raqqa. But Colonel Dorrian said Islamic State would continue to be a threat in 2017, despite suffering major losses in territory, weapons, fighters and finances in 2016. He called on global coalition countries, including Australia, to continue its commitments to fighting Islamic State, once the nature of the battlefield changes. "ISIL still has taken root in other places around the world so this is a necessary but insufficient step - the taking back of these two big cities," he said. "When these two cities are taken away...we expect Daesh to continue to devolve into terror style attacks, counter-insurgency style group as we've seen various groups fight in the past," he said. "It's important that our 68 partner international coalition remain focused even once those cities are taken back." Australia has committed about 780 personnel to the Middle East as part of what Defence calls Operation OKRA. Around 400 are part of the Air Task Group which carries out airstrikes. The remaining 380 are part of the ground-based special operations and Taji task groups which help train local and specialist forces as well as carry out kinetic and drone strikes. Colonel Dorrian said depriving Islamic State of its land capitals would reduce its ability to attract fighters, finances and produce propaganda but not completely. "There will still be dangers and in 2017 we will have to continue putting pressure on them," he said. Colonel Dorrian pointed to an app Islamic State has produced which teaches young children to learn the alphabet as an example of the type of propaganda the global coalition needs to urgently stop. Instead of learning basic literacy, children are taught the names of weapons, like grenades and earn points to blow up Western landmarks including with airlines. The full page advertisement included in Islamic State's second issue of its propaganda magazine Rumiyah identifies London's Big Ben clock tower, New York's Statue of Liberty and France's Eiffel Tower as potential targets. The ad says the app can be played on Apple's iPhone or a smartphone running Google's Android platform. Mosul would challenge US army Iraqi forces have launched a fresh advance on Mosul in Iraq after a two-week lull in fighting. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi had vowed the city would be recaptured by 2016, a promise that is now clearly out of reach. The Iraqi army is mainly comprised of Shia Muslims while the population of Mosul is almost exclusively Sunni. Colonel Dorrian said Iraqi forces were intent on securing the city in a way that would lead to a sustainable liberation, contributing to the slower rate of progress being made. "They've conducted themselves in a manner that I think all Iraqis should be proud of because rather than taking the gloves off and doing it in a scorched earth [manner] they've prioritised the protection of civilians from the campaign and they've tried to limit the amount of collateral damage that they've used," he said. Colonel Dorrian said Islamic State had two years to build "elaborate defences" in the city including trenches, underground tunnels, barbed wire and booby traps. "They use human shields, they hide inside buildings and try to conduct attacks with snipers so you think about an advancing force on the street, not only will they advance up the street, they have to go into every building all the way up to the top and all the way down to the bottom to find any tunnels that are there where the enemy might pop up," he said. "Any army including the United States army, would find this a challenging task. And it would be slow-going in trying to protect civilians which we all agree must be done." Aleppo has distracted Russia The global coalition is not fighting in Aleppo, where the civil war in Syria that has raged since 2011, last week ended with the Russian backed Assad regime recapturing the city. Russia this week announced it had brokered with Turkey country-wide ceasefire for Syria, notably without the involvement of the United States. Several US-backed ceasefire plan broke down earlier this year with all sides accusing each other of violating the pact. Colonel Dorrian predicted there would be no lasting peace in Syria following the regime's victory, a claim also recently made by Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson. "The manner in which that regime forces have taken Aleppo have delayed the inevitable which is that the regime forces, really created a situation where they don't have a future there. It's a not a sustainable future," he said. And he said Russia and Syria's focus on Aleppo had distracted them keeping a hold of the symbolically important although not strategically significant city of Palmyra which Islamic State recently retook. "Since that time the Coalition has destroyed 14 tanks, two artillery pieces, an air defence artillery piece that was taken by Daesh. We did this in the interests of ensuring that those capabilities would threaten us or Turkey or our partner forces." Follow Latika Bourke on Facebook Read more World Advertisement See your ad here More World Stories Myanmar video shows police beating Rohingya villagers Shivaji warrior: India to spend $720 million on Taj Mahal-scale project Indonesian ferry fire: Scores killed and injured in Thousand Islands Dozens dead in attack in Istanbul, Turkey Qantas passengers bound for Sydney stranded in Dubai on New Year's Eve Most Popular News When can a car passenger be charged for being drunk? Delay in bypass planning approval Hidden tunnel near Jervis Bay will lead you here: map, video ‘They were all drowning’: four people washed off rocks at North Beach ‘I have no fingernails’: Paul’s distress as livelihood slips away Former Family Court judge Richard Gee dies after being found in backyard pool From the Network When a friend becomes a patient 10 minutes ago Cellmate of triple-murderer 'killed with sandwich press' Supermarkets to make shopping ‘easier’ State of the Nation | Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Fairfax Front Pages | Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Falls Festival victim recounts horror Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017 Fairfax Media
