Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Stock Indices' Strong Closings Mask Underlying Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Apple Offers Free Battery Replacement for iPhone 6S With Unexpected Shutdown Problems Affected customers experiencing the problem can visit an Apple retail store or authorized service provider to check their eligibility for the program. Vicky Huang Nov 21, 2016 10:34 AM EST A week after the China Consumers Association (CCA) asked Apple (AAPL) to investigate into a sudden shutdown problem associated with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s in China, the tech giant admitted that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices manufactured between September 2015 and October 2015 may unexpectedly shut down, according to a statement posted on Apple's website on Sunday. The Chinese consumer protection group had demanded an answer from Apple within ten days after receiving a considerable number of complaints from users of both devices. The reported problem involves iPhone 6 and 6s shutting down automatically while still retaining a 40% to 50% battery level. The phones could not be turned back on immediately or in some cases even when plugged into chargers. To address the issue, Apple has offered to replace batteries free of charge for eligible affected users worldwide. But a cost may be associated with the repair if the affected iPhones have other unresolved problems such as a cracked screen. Apple is also rolling out a repair program for iPhones plagued by "touch disease," a problem where some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit a flickering gray bar across the top of the screen or experience touch responsiveness issues. Apple said the problem really emerges after users drop the phones multiple times on a hard surface but the company is offering to fix the issue for a service fee of $149 for phones exhibiting such symptoms. The issues surrounding the iPhone comes as China remains an important region for Apple, a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio, in both manufacturing and consumption of its devices. Both manufacturing and consumption have been called into question, especially under President-elect Donald Trump who has vowed to remake trade agreements between the U.S. and China. "China also represents nearly 20% of Apple's sales. So a trade war would be a big negative, but we also think it's fairly unlikely to happen," explained Jack Mohr, TheStreet's chief investment strategist, in a note Nov. 18. "We think Trump just wants a better peace, and putting the world's largest company, which was U.S.A.-made and remains forever aligned with the country's innovation, would be a major mistake." Apple's main smartphone rival Samsung Electronics had a global recall of around 2.5 million of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phones in October due to their tendency to catch fire and explode. The company pointed out "a battery cell issue" as the likely root cause for the combustion. Apple said its battery problem is not a "safety issue." If you liked this article you might like It's Official: Online Holiday Sales Break Record -- Tech Roundup Online sales came in at almost $92 billion during the two-month stretch between November and December, a new record. Bret Kenwell Jan 6, 2017 4:37 PM EST Cramer: Too Few Stocks Are Doing Too Much in Dow's Run to 20,000 Disney and Goldman are doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Jim Cramer Jan 6, 2017 3:10 PM EST Here's Why Apple CEO Tim Cook Got a Pay Cut in 2016 Apple missed its sales and profit goals in 2016 and that means a pay cut for CEO Tim Cook and other executives. TheStreet Staff Jan 6, 2017 2:57 PM EST Apple CEO Tim Cook Receives a 15% Pay Cut for 2016 Apple is cutting the paychecks of CEO Tim Cook and other executives because of missed goals in 2016. Natalie Walters Jan 6, 2017 1:15 PM EST Trending Why Gold Prices Right Now Should Have You Feeling Beyond Thrilled Dying Sears Sells Craftsman for a Song to Stay Alive Another Year Health Care, Banks Lead Game Strategy for Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/6/17) 10 Financial Stocks to Devour Before Trump Rally Sends Them Soaring 5 Stocks Setting Up for Big Breakouts Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Trump’s pick for attorney general could be bad news for Silicon Valley The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Andrea Peterson November 21, 2016 Follow @kansasalps Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) speaks to reporters on Nov. 18 at Trump Tower in New York, where President-elect Donald Trump lives and has an office. (Andrew Gombert/European Pressphoto Agency) President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general probably wouldn’t have been the tech industry’s first choice. Sen. Jeff Sessions, a Republican from Alabama, is on the opposite side of several issues that are close to Silicon Valley’s heart and related to the Justice Department. Here are some key areas where tech giants could clash with Sessions if his nomination is successful. Encryption When Apple and DOJ faced off over an encrypted iPhone used by one of the shooters in a mass killing in San Bernardino, Calif., the tech industry rallied around Apple. But Sessions came out strong on the government’s side. “Coming from a law enforcement background, I believe this is a more serious issue than Tim Cook understands,” Sessions told Bloomberg News in February. “In a criminal case, or could be a life-and-death terrorist case, accessing a phone means the case is over,” he added. The tech industry and civil society “have really come together to fight mandates for encryption back doors” — and there’s no reason to think that will change if Sessions is attorney general, said Robyn Greene, policy council and government affairs lead at New America's Open Technology Institute. Email privacy Reforming the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to require the government to get a warrant to search the contents of your inbox is something Congress (and the public) generally supports — even if they haven’t managed to get it done yet. But earlier this year, Sessions proposed an amendment to an ECPA reform bill that alarmed some privacy advocates. The amendment would have required phone and Internet service providers to hand over data with no judicial process if a government representative says it’s an emergency — amounting to a significant expansion of power for local, state and federal law enforcement. The tech industry at large says it wants ECPA reform that provides greater Fourth Amendment, or search-and-seizure, protections for its users. Many tech giants — including Google, Apple and Microsoft — are part of the Digital Due Process coalition, a group pushing to update the law to that effect. Basically, the tech industry has been arguing for more protections, not fewer. The amendment Sessions proposed suggests that he’s not on the same page as Silicon Valley and may advocate for similar exceptions as attorney general, Greene said. But she is optimistic about the ECPA reform's chances going forward, especially after a package without an emergency amendment like Sessions's unanimously passed the House earlier this year. “It’s not clear how much a possible Sessions-led Department of Justice could stop it — at the end of the day, it's the president that has to sign the bill,” Greene said. Immigration Sessions is a longtime proponent of more limits on immigration. In October, he suggested that the United States may want to do away with the H-1B visa program, which allows companies to recruit foreign workers if they can’t fill positions domestically. That puts him at odds with the tech industry, which generally wants to expand that program. In fact, a group backed by Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg called FWD.us supports immigration reform — including more H-1B visas. In 2014, an ad campaign from the group rattled Sessions so much that he lashed out at Zuckerberg during a speech on the Senate floor. Although immigration isn’t a primary part of DOJ’s portfolio, the agency can go after companies it alleges have committed visa fraud — and has in the past. Sessions has pushed for DOJ to do more on that front, signing onto a letter last year that urged the agency to investigate H-1B practices at utility company Southern California Edison. “As the chief law enforcement officer of the country, Sessions would have incredible power to delve into things he thinks are important — and we know he's been outspoken about this,” said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government. Follow @kansasalps Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 The crack in this Antarctic ice shelf just grew by 11 miles. A dramatic break could be imminent. 2 The Limited is closing all of its 250 stores 3 If someone doesn’t like immigrants, ask them this question 4 Why Elon Musk has so much riding on SpaceX’s upcoming rocket launch 5 Third lien on Trump hotel brings alleged unpaid bills to over $5 million Market Watch DJIA 0.32% NASDAQ 0.6% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 01/07/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Apps Apple's iPhone and iPads crash more than Android: Report Apple's iPhone and iPads crash more than Android: Report Pokemon Go emerged as the most unstable app on both iOS and Android By Karthekayan IyerKarthekayan Iyer Published Date 21 - Nov - 2016 | Last Updated 22 - Nov - 2016 Tweet   Yes, you read that right - Apple's iOS devices crash more than their Android counterparts. As startling as it may sound, a new research suggests Android devices work more often than Apple's famed iPhone and iPads. A new State of Mobile Device Performance Health Report by Blancco Technology Group reveals that iOS devices had an overall failure rate of 62 percent worldwide in Q3 2016, compared to 47 percent for Android devices. While that failure rate is still bad, it is worth noting that Android fared better than iOS - the no compromise mobile ecosystem. The report says apps crashed at least once on 65 percent of iOS devices tested in Q3. That number for Android was exceptionally better at 25 percent. Apple users also reported rise in temperature of the device post iOS 10 update. iPhone users worldwide reported about overheating when devices were charging. "One reason for this is that when users first download and install iOS 10, it updates apps in the background. As a result, the update eats into the device’s battery power and life and may cause the device to heat up more than usual," the report states. Apple recently introduced iOS 10 which initially bricked few iOS devices and also had stability issues. Apple was quick to issue an updated version of iOS 10, which improved stability and also helped tackle the overheating issue. According to Blancco Technology Group's report, Apple iPhone 6 had the highest failure rate of 13 percent followed by iPhone 5S and iPhone 6s at 9 percent each. The iPhone 6 and 6s Plus rounded up the top five list with 5 percent and 4 percent failure rates respectively. It is disheartening that a year old iPhone is on the top five in terms of failure rate. On the Android end, Samsung devices led the failure rate with 11 percent. Xiaomi and Lenovo smartphones saw failure rates in the tune of 4 percent and 3 percent respectively. LeEco's Le 2 topped the chart with a failure rate of 13 percent while xiaomi's best-selling Redmi 3S and Redmi Note 3 recorded failure rate of 9 percent. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge contributed 5 percent failure rate to the Android list. The most notable observation is that Pokemon Go emerged as the most unstable app on both the platform. The augmented reality app contributed maximum to the iOS platform crashing while it had a significant effect on Android devices' battery drain. In Q3 2016, Instagram crashed 14 percent on iOS while Pokemon Go crashed 5 percent. On Android, IMS Service crashed 32 percent while Google Play Services failed 10 percent. Samsung's TouchWiz Home failed 3 percent, showing the excessive adoption of Samsung devices in the market. Karthekayan Iyer  Karthekayan.Iyer@9dot9.in Other Popular Deals Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9479 Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gold, 32... Rs. 10999 Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Black, 16... Rs. 12490 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best Alternative Apps for your... Top 10 Android launchers (December 2016) The 10 best job hunting apps on Android The 10 scariest horror games on Android Android app stores: 5 best alternatives to Google Play Store Best Android apps for rooted devices 18 apps for a memorable Valentine's Day Top 15 Android games that you should play The 20 best looking games for mobile phones 8 Android apps to tickle your funny bone 17 must have apps for any Android device (plus alternatives) 5 apps to get the Android Lollipop look on your smartphone Take control of your Android device with these apps 7 weird and strange apps for your Smartphone 10 neat Google apps you may not know of 10 essential Indian apps for Android devices Perfect Viewer Here is a chance to be a rock star Developer ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals Moto E3 Power (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 7999 Buy Now Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9479 Buy Now LeEco Le 1s Eco (Gold, 32 GB) Rs. 9999 Buy Now advertisements Recent News Samsung announces record Q4 earnings guidance with strong... Motorola announces Moto Collide hackathon for building Moto... Razer's Project Valerie is a 'Laptop' with triple 4K... Alcatel A3 XL with 6-inch display launched at CES 2017 BlackBerry 'Mercury' smartphone may not come to India:... Trending Stories BlackBerry reveals Android powered 'Mercury' smartphone at... CES 2017: Asus announces Tango-based ZenFone AR and ZenFone... BSNL's new Rs. 144 plan brings unlimited national calls and... Super Mario Run now available for pre-registration on... Apple to manufacture iPhones in Bengaluru starting April... Best Mobile Phones Latest mobile phones under 10000 Best Phones under 15000 10 Best Smartphones under Rs 20,000 Best Phones under 5000 Best Android Mobile Phones advertisements Resource Center Check out the Latest Leeco News and featured articles By Leeco advertisements Contests Digit DU Ad Challenge Participate and earn 100% Ad revenue!PARTICIPATE NOW Build More, Grow More, Sleep More Get deeply insightful resources on cloud database...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Bla 13,999/- Buy Now HP Pavilion Core i5 6th G 56,490/- Buy Now Le 2 11,400/- Buy Now
Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under Â£500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Cameras Cameras Digital cameras Bridge cameras Digital SLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Micro hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read Which? Tech Daily Discover what's happening in consumer technology, plus tips to get more from the gadgets you use every day. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Smart home automation Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Batteries Rechargeable batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Solar panels Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Carbon monoxide detectors Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Boiler servicing contracts Wood burning stoves Heating oil Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Editor's picks Best Buy ovens Don't buy an oven without consulting our list of recommended models proven to cook evenly and heat up fast. Nespresso coffee machine buyer's guide Everything you need to know about choosing a Nespresso coffee machine, from the best features to how much to spend. Top five cheap fridge freezers From affordable US fridge freezers to bargain integrated models, we round up the top five cheap models for your needs. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Growing your own veg Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Barbecues Compost Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Mini greenhouses Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Smoke alarms Mattresses Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Burglar alarms & home security Wood flooring Electric showers DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Editor's picks Tax calculator Use our calculator and expert-help notes to work out your income tax and understand the relevant allowances that could reduce it Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired â working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra Â£1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expessing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands How to buy breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accomodation Transport & accomodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Misleading prices Fed up with pricing tricks that exaggerate discounts and manipulate shoppers? Sign our petition to end misleading pricing. Rail delays We want rail companies to make it easier for passengers to get their money back for train delays. Sign our super-complaint. Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Tech blog daily Which? Conversation Which? Digital blog Search My account Log in Sign up News Technology Home & garden Cars Money Baby & child Energy News Videos TV & home entertainment Televisions Blu-ray DVD players Home cinema systems Sound bars Computing Tablets Laptops Printer ink Printers Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Cameras Digital cameras Digital SLRs Bridge cameras Camcorders Audio MP3 players Radios Headphones Phones Mobile phones Best smartphones Mobile networks and tariffs Cordless phones Car technology Dash cams Sat navs Broadband, TV and phone Broadband deals TV package deals Catch up TV Home appliances Steam cleaners Washing machines Vacuum cleaners Built-in ovens Fridge freezers Small appliances Steam irons Coffee machines Juicers Carpet cleaners Food processors Heating, water & electricity Boilers Boiler cover Dehumidifiers Electric heaters Batteries Shopping, grooming & wellbeing Electric shavers Men's razors Blood pressure monitors Garden Leaf blower vacs Pressure washers Lawn mowers Grass trimmers Hedge trimmers Home improvements Best mattress brands Mattresses Best double glazing companies Best kitchen brands Cordless drills Travel & Leisure Waterproof jackets Binoculars Tents Luggage Best airlines Best and worst shops Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Hearing aid providers Healthy eating in later life Car reviews City cars Small cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Estate cars MPVs Car brand reviews Audi BMW Ford Honda Mercedes-Benz Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car How we test cars Car buying tips Petrol vs diesel Car finance explained How to get the best price Where to buy a car Car ownership advice Which? Car Survey Best car tyre brands How to sell a car Calculators & tools How to find a good garage How to pass an MOT Used car warranties What to do after an accident Savings & investments Best rate savings accounts Best rate cash Isas Saving rates booster tool Investment portfolio builder tool Peer to peer lending websites Credit cards & loans Compare credit cards Personal loans Your credit report explained How to deal with debt Prepaid cards Retirement State pension explained Pensions and retirement Company pensions explained Writing a will What to do when someone dies Money-saving tips 50 ways to save money Cashback sites Personal finance software How to haggle Price comparison sites How to get discounts Insurance Car insurance Home insurance Travel insurance Income insurance Pet insurance Mortgages & property Mortgage advisers: find the best mortgage Buying and selling property Mortgage comparison tables First-time buyer mortgages Buy-to-let mortgages Bank accounts Best bank accounts How to switch bank accounts Student bank accounts How to bank online safely Tax Which? tax calculator 30 ways to save on tax Tax rates, allowances and amounts Capital gains tax explained Inheritance tax explained Baby transport Child car seats Pushchairs Pushchair chooser Baby carriers and slings Travelling with children Nursery & feeding High chairs Cot beds Breast pumps Best nappy brands Free and cheap baby stuff Child safety at home Baby monitors Safety gates Baby safety equipment Digital thermometers Treating head lice Shopping & family finances 10 money tips for parents Childcare in the UK Energy companies reviewed How to save on your energy bill How to use less electricity Light bulbs LED lights Energy saving appliances Energy costs calculators Home grants Energy monitors How to buy solar panels You are here: Which? home > News > 2016 > November > iPhone 6s battery fault - does your phone need replacing? In this section 2016 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Latest News What is RSS? Best 0% balance-transfer credit cards Are you overpaying tax by ignoring a tax return? Four mattress Best Buys revealed for 2017 Nutribullet price hits record low in 2017 Cash Isa deals of the week: 05 January 2017 iPhone 6s battery fault - does your phone need replacing?Apple will replace affected iPhones free of charge 21 November 2016 The 6s is the only iPhone thought to be affected If your iPhone 6s is turning itself off even when the battery still has charge you could be due for a replacement. Apple has announced that a number of iPhone 6s handsets manufactured between September and October 2015 could have this issue.  After the fault with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which saw batteries in the phone catch fire, Apple was quick to clarify that the problem with the 6s batteries was in no way dangerous. Find out what we thought of the iPhone 6s’s successor in our iPhone 7 review. How do you get a replacement? Apple is urging any iPhone users with the fault to head to an Apple Store or one of the company’s official service providers so the phone can be examined. Replacements will be free if the fault is found. You can also head to Apple’s website where an online adviser can check whether your phone could be one of those affected using its serial number. The serial number can be found in the Settings app on your phone. They can then run a diagnostic remotely on your iPhone to be certain. While on Apple’s website you can book an appointment at your local Apple Store or recommended service provider to have the phone replaced. Apple said that it would not replace any phones with a cracked screen. Anyone wishing to get a replacement would first need to have the screen repaired at their own cost. What about the iPhone 7 battery? The latest iPhone was released in September, with Apple making its usual declaration that it was the best iPhone ever. When we got our hands on it we were less than impressed with the battery. We tested how long the iPhone battery lasted while making calls and while browsing the web. In each test we found the longevity to be below that of its Android rivals. The iPhone 7 battery lasted 712 minutes while making calls. That’s less than half that of the Samsung Galaxy S7, which managed 1,492 minutes, and well below what the HTC 10's battery is capable of, which lasted an incredible 1,859 minutes. The difference in internet-browsing battery life isn’t as stark, but the iPhone 7 is still bringing up the rear. The iPhone lasted 615 on the web while the runaway winner was, once again, the HTC 10 with 790 minutes. You can find out what else we thought of the iPhone 7, including whether it’s a Best Buy phone, in our full review. More on this... Best Buy smartphones - find your ideal handset Faulty goods - what are your rights? Don't Buy smartphones - the handsets to avoid   Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017 Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year November 25, 2016 AAPL: 111.79 0.56 Best Black Friday Apple Deals: iPad Pro 9.7″ from $449, Apple Watch Series 1 $198, iPhone 7/Plus w/ $250 GC, more Trevor Daugherty - Nov. 25th 2016 7:00 am PT @trevorjd14 Apple Watch Apple TV MacBook Pro Deals Black Friday View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As Black Friday approaches, the 9to5Toys team has been working diligently to find the best deals leading up to the biggest deal day of the year. While the Toys team covers all of the big deals and new gear from the retailers you trust, we’re paying particular attention to Apple Deals here. First, you’ll want to be sure that you’re following 9to5Toys on Twitter, RSS and Facebook for all of the latest deals as they pop up. This is important because retailers have gotten tricky with their Black Friday deals and the best deals often only last minutes at a time. Second, you don’t want to leave your computer on Black Friday. The best deals are online. Waiting in lines and wrestling HDTVs from Black Friday Deal shoppers is for suckers. As you likely know, Apple rarely does Black Friday deals (although that may be changing!). However, third-party retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, B&H, eBay, Walmart, Target and others are offering aggressive discounts. Head below for a look at our top picks for the season so far… iPad Apple opted to not refresh its iPad lineup this fall, so much of its offerings are available at a discount this holiday season. iPad Pro and iPad mini 4 are bound to be the most sought after of the lot. Discounts vary by retailers, but you’re likely to find some savings this week. iPad Pro 9.7-inch: from $449 (Reg. $599+) | Target iPad Pro 9.7-inch: from $474 (Reg. $599+) | Best Buy iPad Pro 12.9-inch Wi-Fi 256GB: $650 (Reg. $999) | eBay Cyber Monday Deal iPad Pro 12.9-inch Wi-Fi 32GB (cert. refurb): $549 (Orig. $799) | Amazon iPad Pro 9.7-inch Wi-Fi+Cell 32GB: $480 (Reg. $630) | Verizon requires two-year contract iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi: from $274 (Reg. $399+) | Target iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi: from $275 (Reg. $399+) | Best Buy iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi 32GB: $200 (Reg. $270) | Target iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi: from $225 (Reg. $349) | Best Buy Now that you have a new iPad, it’s wise to invest in some extra Lightning cables. We love Anker’s Powerline cables that are made from reinforced materials. This 10-foot option is perfect for iPad Pro. It gives you enough room to enjoy your new device with out being tethered to an outlet. Pick one up for in a variety of colors for $18 Prime shipped. Apple Watch With a major release just a few months ago, Apple Watch shoppers will not be seeing strong discounts on Black Friday. Although this list isn’t the end-all-be-all, we aren’t expecting much more than this. Series 1: from $198 (Reg. $270+) | Target Series 1: from $200 (Reg. $270+) | Macy’s Series 1: from $219 (Reg. $270+) | Best Buy Series 2 – Get $105 in Kohl’s Cash with purchase: $369 | Kohl’s Series 1 – Get $75 in Kohl’s Cash with purchase: $269 | Kohl’s Outfit your new Apple Watch with some stylish third-party bands for a fraction of Apple’s official options. There are a plethora of options available including these popular silicone bands for $8 Prime shipped or this top-rated leather band for $21. iPhone Black Friday 2016 is shaping up as a rare holiday season with few iPhone discounts. As you can see below, most retailers are offering a $250 gift card with the purchase of a new device with a payment plan. It’s not an ideal situation, but at least those gift cards can be used for other gifts. iPhone 7/Plus: $0 w/ $250 Gift Card | Target iPhone 7/Plus: $0 w/ $250 Gift Card | Walmart iPhone 7/Plus: $0 w/ $250 Gift Card | Best Buy iPhone 5s 16GB Pre-paid: $99 (Reg. $200) | Walmart Macs Best Buy and eBay are leading the charge on Mac discounts this year. We may see a few more pop-up as the week goes on, but this is what we’re initially seeing. Look for B&H to surprise with a few price drops later this week, in addition to its current discounts on the new MacBook. 13-inch MacBook Air 128GB: $787 (Reg. $999) | eBay Cyber Monday Deal 13-inch MacBook Air 128GB: $800 (Reg. $999) | Best Buy 13-inch MacBook Air 256GB: $930 (Reg. $1,119) | eBay 13-inch MacBook Air 256GB: $1,000 (Reg. $1,199) | Best Buy 21-inch iMac 1TB: $900 (Reg. $1,099) | Best Buy 21-inch 4K iMac 1TB: $1,270 (Reg. $1,499) | eBay 27-inch 5K iMac 1TB: $1,500 (Reg. $1,799) | eBay 27-inch 5K iMac 1TB: $1,600 (Reg. $1,799) | Best Buy 13-inch MacBook w/ Touch Bar 256GB: $1,700 (Reg. $1,799) | eBay 27-inch 5K iMac 2TB: $1,900 (Reg. $2,229) | eBay Cyber Monday Deal Congratulations on your new MacBook. There are a few key accessories that we can recommend picking up to help complete your new setup. We love Twelve South’s line of MacBook stands that keep your new laptop out of harm’s way. Logitech’s MX Master Wireless Mouse is also a solid buy for working at home or on the road. It’s an Amazon Top Choice and receives great ratings. Apple TV & Everything Else Apple TV is shaping up to be one of the most popular products out of Cupertino this Black Friday. Again, there may be a discount coming down the line (perhaps from Walmart) that we don’t know about yet, but this is our list at this time. Additionally, you’ll notice nice discounts on Apple accessories at HHGregg, if you can find one nearby. Apple TV (4th Gen.): 32GB $112 or 64GB $150 | Target Apple TV (4th Gen.): 64GB: $160 (Reg. $199) | Best Buy Beats Powerbeats2 Wireless In-ear Headphones Active Collection: $90 (Reg. $135+) | Target iPod Touch: from $160 (Reg. $199) | Target iPod Touch: $149 (Reg. $199) | Toys R Us Apple Smart Keyboard for iPad Pro | HHGregg 9-inch: $130 (Reg. $150) 12-inch: $150 (Reg. $170) Apple Pencil for iPad Pro: $90 (Reg. $100) | HHGregg $100 iTunes Gift Card: $85 | eBay iTunes Gift Cards: BOGO 30% off | Target iTunes Gift Cards: BOGO 30% off | Best Buy $50 iTunes Gift Card: $44 w/ coupon | BJ’s $100 iTunes Gift Card: $87 w/ coupon | BJ’s Be sure to keep your eye on our Black Friday 2016 guide for all of the best price drops and more. Follow us on Twitter and give our Facebook page a like so you don’t miss anything. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide Apple TV View THe Guide MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home CES 2017 search Apple might no longer make Wi-Fi routers or Time Capsules Elyse Betters21 November 2016Smart Home DetroitBORG (YouTube) Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has reportedly ditched its wireless router biz. According to Bloomberg, the Cupertino, CA-based company is trying to focus on consumer products that generate more revenue, so it's shutting down the wireless router team responsible for the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time Capsule, which cost $99, $199, and $299, respectively. Engineers on the team have been moved to other development groups, like Apple TV. Wireless routers make up a small portion of Apple's revenue. They're lumped into the "other products" category in financial statements. This entire category only makes up about 5 per cent of Apple's sales. Although the company still sells its three wireless routers, including the Time Capsule, which doubles as a backup storage, it hasn't updated any of the products in at least three years. Since then, companies like Eero, Netgear, Google, and others have begun manufacturing router systems that are not only more affordable but also provide mesh-like, better home coverage. Bloomberg didn't mention these competitors and whether they've whittled down Apple's share of the market, but it is worth noting that Apple is rumoured to be working on a speaker with built-in Siri. Google Wi-Fi: How does the mesh router work? It would make sense for Apple to focus development efforts and move engineers to that upcoming product for the connected home, especially if it doesn't see a profitable future in home routers any more, but that's just speculation. Sections Apple Smart Home Source: Bloomberg What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Dyson 360 Eye review: Finally, a robotic vacuum that really works Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint Best smart home devices of CES 2017: Alexa everywhere, connected fridges and even smart windows The many faces of Amazon Alexa: Cars, speakers, robots and everything else The machines are coming: CES 2017 is all about Amazon Alexa Nvidia Shield Spot extends the 4K console's reach through your home New Nvidia Shield TV is the 4K Android entertainment centre and smart home hub of the future Samsung Family Hub 2.0 refrigerator preview: Spotify and sausages Lenovo Smart Assistant preview: Transformers, Alexa in disguise LG's Hub Robot will be your home's new best friend LG has an Alexa-powered fridge, move over Family Hub Netatmo takes on Nest Protect with its own Smart Smoke Alarm Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? CES 2017: All the announcements that matter Huawei Mate 9 Pro preview: The Mate we wanted all along Huge picture leaks seemingly confirm Samsung Galaxy S8 design What is Google Daydream and what devices support it? Google's Android VR platform explained Best headphones and speakers at CES 2017: Audio Technica, AKG, Sennheiser and more Best TVs of CES 2017: Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, LG OLED and more Best smartwatches and fitness trackers of CES 2017: Casio, New Balance, Garmin and more What is HDR, what TVs support HDR, and what HDR content can I watch? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search McLaren on Apple talks: company never made ‘definitive proposition’ Brittany A. Roston - Nov 21, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit In September, a report from the Financial Times suggested Apple was interested in either a ‘strategic investment’ or outright acquisition of McLaren, something that would reportedly get Apple’s codenamed Project Titan back on track. That report itself was followed up with a couple other reports confirming the same news, but now we have word from McLaren itself: Apple never made a ‘definitive proposition’ to the company. It seems Apple was indeed in talks with McLaren to some degree, but any speculation that Apple had made a bid for the company — or proposed a big investment — weren’t accurate. The information comes straight from McLaren Automotive CEO Mike Flewitt, who told Reuters recently: There wasn’t a bid from Apple. They visited. We talked. We talked about what they did. We talked about what we did. They toured. It never matured to a definitive proposition. And thusly the reports receive closure. Apple’s own automotive project — dubbed Project Titan — reportedly has been shelved, with Apple ‘rebooting’ the project and laying off workers in the process. Reports have it that Apple is now working on the car project with a new ‘strategy,’ developing technology for autonomous cars rather than trying to develop an entire car itself. Before the layoffs, reports indicated that Apple’s Project Titan had grown to more than 1,000 workers, something itself due to the company’s recruitment efforts. The current state of the project and what it is working on isn’t clear at this time. SOURCE: Reuters Story Timeline Apple may buy McLaren to get "Project Titan" back on track The need-to-know on McLaren, Apple's potential auto savior McLaren P1 EV hits 3mph in two seconds Tags AppleBusinessCarsMcLarennews Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Latest Headlines Grillbot Pro debuts with Bluetooth 4.0 and grill cleaning cartridge Jan 6, 2017 Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA strike partnership to make an AI-powered car Jan 6, 2017 Riddell Precision-Fit tech uses 3D scanning for custom football helmets Jan 6, 2017 Audio-Technica unleashes new line of high-res earbuds and headphones Jan 6, 2017 Velocity Micro desktops updated with 7th-gen Intel Core processors Jan 6, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Report Report Nov 21st 2016 at 5:01PM Add Subscribe McLaren CEO says Apple takeover talks happened but didn't go anywhere Ron Dennis’s ouster might have something to do with a takeover bid, too. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Alex Kierstein Back in September, we reported that Apple was in talks to buy McLaren, as per a report in the Financial Times. A McLaren spokesperson flatly denied the rumor at the time, but it turns out that perhaps the truth of the matter is a little more complex than that denial encompassed. In an interview with Reuters, McLaren's acting CEO Mike Flewitt confirmed that there were talks with Apple, but that they never reached the stage where Apple made a bid. "There wasn't a bid from Apple," Flewitt told Reuters. "They visited. We talked. We talked about what they did. We talked about what we did. They toured. It never matured to a definitive proposition." Even if Apple had made a bid, it seems like the people who run McLaren might not have been in the mood to take it. As you might remember, long-time CEO Ron Dennis was ousted recently from his position after a 35-year run. A BBC report made it sound like the dismissal had to do with management style, but Sky News reports that it was Dennis's backing of a Chinese takeover bid that precipitated his departure. Apparently the stockholders weren't keen on selling, whether to a Chinese consortium or anybody else, and so Dennis got the boot. It's not as if Dennis will be completely uninvolved from this point forward. The man still has a 25 percent stake in the company, and will remain on the board of directors of both the McLaren Technology Group as well as McLaren automotive itself. In other news, Zak Brown, a former racing driver and sports marketing executive, has decided to take Dennis's vacated position, reports Sky News. Related Video: News Source: Reuters, Sky News Image Credit: Mark Thompson/Getty Images Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe McLaren Performance Racing Specialty apple mclaren automotive report ron dennis facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License You Might Also Like... Experts share beauty treatments gone wrong - promoted by newbeauty.com newbeauty.com HDMI's new spec improves 8K, HDR and gaming - promoted by engadget.com engadget.com 2016 year in review: Prettiest red carpet moments of the year - promoted by aol.com aol.com I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending These are the least reliable cars in America Best-selling automobiles of 2016 2016 Holiday Gift Guide How Jeep helped win WWII Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Best-selling automobiles of 2016 2016 Holiday Gift Guide How Jeep helped win WWII Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Follow Us From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Can-Am 50th Anniversary: Flat Out with North America's Greatest Race Series 1966-74 Art of the Formula 1 Race Car 2017: 16-Month Calendar September 2016 through December 2017 The Art of the Formula 1 Race Car Motocourse 2016-2017 40th Anniversary Edition: The World's Leading Grand Prix & Superbike Annual ... Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Philips 9005 CrystalVision Ultra Upgrade Headlight Bulb, 2 Pack Michelin 8021 Stealth Hybrid Windshield Wiper Blade with Smart Flex Design, 21" (Pack of 1) SYLVANIA 9005 SilverStar Ultra High Performance Halogen Headlight Bulb, (Contains 2 Bulbs) SYLVANIA 9005 XtraVision Halogen Headlight Bulb, (Contains 2 Bulbs) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise McLaren M23: 1973 onwards (all marks) (Owners' Workshop Manual) McLaren MP4-12C Get New McLaren Automotive Racing Formula Fit For iPhone 6 Case McLaren: 50 Years of Racing Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Review: Ariel Atom 3S - The Fountain of Youth Spyder, McLaren MP4, Alfa Romeo Roadster Ep. - 4 Auto Mundial 04/24/16 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos Wonder no more what a 100-mph R/C car looks like in ultra slo-mo videoWatch Video Disney Pixar reveals two new Cars 3 charactersWatch Video Best of 2016 | The ListWatch Video Recharge Wrap-up: BMW to test autonomous cars, Korea bans sales of BMW, Nissan, Porsche modelsWatch Video Toyota Concept-i looks weird, will be fun to drive, and comes with a Disneyfied AIWatch Video How To Clean And Replace Your Air Filter | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video Jay Leno takes the 1,000-hp Ring Brothers G-Code Camaro out for a spinWatch Video Latest Forza Horizon 3 car pack features a Skyline and a fast Swedish wagonWatch Video 19 people turn a Tesla Model S into a fad telephone boothWatch Video Best of Autoblog 2016: We take a ride in the vomit comet | Translogic 200Watch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: McLaren McLaren Performance Performance Racing Racing Specialty Specialty apple apple mclaren automotive mclaren automotive report report ron dennis ron dennis Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
MI News 26 Northern Michigan's 24/7 Local News Channel Watch What’s On 26.1 | MI News 26 26.2 | Antenna TV 26 26.3 | Laff 26 26.4 | Escape 26 26.5 | Grit 26 26.6 | Buzzr 26 How to Receive MI News 26 Request MI News 26 News Special Sections CherryT Ball Drop Dancing with the Y Stars Event of the Week Person of the Week Victorian Sleighbell Parade Zoo De Mack Featured Local News Events National & World Health News Legal News Transportation News GasWatch Cadillac Area Manistee Area Petoskey Area Traverse City Area News Archives 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Weather Local Weather Overview Local Radar 7-Day Forecast Day Planner Lower County Temps Upper County Temps Sports Broadcast Schedule Shop miLocalShops Contact Us News Team Bios Advertise on MI News 26 Antenna TV 26 Apple Announces Replacement Program for Certain iPhone 6s with Battery Issues POSTED November 21, 2016 BY Jacob Owens And in today’s tech news — On Monday Apple announced the replacement of a limited number of iPhones 6s batteries for unexpected shutdown issues. Apple says this is not a safety issue and only affects devices with a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October of last year. Users who have experienced the unexpected shutdowns should visit and Apple Store or Authorized Service Provider and have their device’s serial number checked. If your device is from the affected phones Apple will replace your battery free of charge. Wireless carriers are not participating in this program. More information can be found here. 7-Day Forecast Around our Area Center Providing Life Skills to their Clients Local Artist Talks About “Pure Charlevoix” Leadership Program is for Emerging Leaders A Women’s Club That’s not Just for Women Charlevoix Garden Club Enjoys Gardening BASES is Helping the Community of Charlevoix State News Vetoed Bill for Morel Mushrooms Electronic Licenses Bill Signed Possible Speed Limit Increase DNR Hosting Meeting for Proposed Plan in Muskegon Attorney General Reminds You to Shop Smart for Gym Membership Two Large Retailers are Closing Their Stores World News Microsoft Showed Future Plan at CES SeaWorld Killer Whale, Tilikum, Passed Away Macy’s Announced Store Closings Two Large Retailers are Closing Their Stores RECALL – J.M. Smucker Company Recalls Cat Food New Illinois Law Requires Salon Professionals to Undergo Training for Domestic Abuse Prevention Events Alden Library Bingo Manistee Ghost Ship Fall Color Walk Kampout for KAIR Crown of Life Pumpkin Festival Coffee with a Cop © 2007-2017 Freelancer Television Broadcasting, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Find us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues RIP AirPort? Apple may abandon wireless routers and Time Capsule Ian Paul 22 November, 2016 View more articles fromthe author AAA 2 Comments News Apple is reportedly done with routers. While the company hasn’t said anything publicly, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman (who has an excellent track record with Apple rumours) reports that Apple’s wireless router division has been disbanded. The engineers who were working on products like the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule have been moved to work on other projects over the past year, according to Gurman. Apple’s work on routers has been relatively quiet in recent times. We last looked at the AirPort Express in 2012, and the AirPort Extreme and Time Capsule last received updates in 2013. These routers are strong enough, but as we noted in the AirPort Extreme review, you can get better performance and features elsewhere. That’s not to say Apple’s offerings don’t have their appeal to Mac users. The Time Capsule, which doubles as a 2TB hard drive storage for the Mac’s Time Machine back-up program, is particularly useful. Nevertheless, it appears the AirPort’s time may be done. The impact on you at home: Gurman’s report on Apple ending AirPort development follows Apple’s decision to discontinue its Thunderbolt Display earlier in 2016. Apple appears to be refocusing its engineers on the products that will have a greater impact on Apple’s future. Instead of routers and displays, Apple is better off improving products like Apple TV, and working on Siri and Siri-based devices. That latter category is particularly important in an age when every tech company under the sun is focused on bringing intelligent personal assistants to devices for the home. Related Tags:  Share: 2 Comments Related Posts Random Posts Fake ‘Apple’ apps appear on Google Android store, then vanish Sharp to launch first phone with IGZO screen, amid iPad mini rumors Three nightmares when managing Macs in the enterprise Mozilla patches three public Firefox bugs Cartoon: Vincent MacGogh 2 Comments 2 people were compelled to have their say. We encourage you to do the same.. Chris Marshall says: November 25, 2016 at 9:44 pm My 3TB Time Capsule is my main Time Machine destination, as well as my only wifi point. Apple seems to be slowly killing off its computer accessories. What next! No more Mac computers? I guess I will have to start looking at non Apple devices, or maybe, heaven forbid, switch to the dark side and buy a PC. Ever considered doing an in depth review of alternative to a Time Capsule? Macworld Australia Staff says: November 28, 2016 at 8:39 am Hi Chris There are two alternatives for Time Machine backups – external hard drives directly connected to your Mac and NAS devices (the Time Capsule is basically a NAS device). We’ve looked at many different NAS. Time Machine is often natively supproted without the need to do a bunch of messing about. Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Report: Apple slams the brakes on electric Apple Car to focus on auto software Apple's car project is reportedly being scaled back. The effort, codenamed Project Titan, will now focus on creating an autonomous driving software platform... iPhone 8 rumours: doubling down on an all-glass display for faster wireless charging People are still lining up to snag a brand new iPhone 7, but that won’t stop anyone from speculating about next year’s iPhone. Why so early? Well,... App Guide Nisi Paragon Hard Disk Manager for Mac Anchor Pointer Gadget Guide IKlip Grip Pro Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple offers new battery for iPhone 6s phones that suddenly shut down John Ribeiro 22 November, 2016 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Editor’s Note: I had this issue and the Genius bar attendant at my local Apple Srore told me this was a reasonably common issue – one that he had faced. I had an iPhone 6s replaced, on the spot.  Apple has said that a few iPhone 6s smartphones are unexpectedly shutting down, confirming a problem reported last week by a Chinese consumer protection group. The company said the problem is restricted to a small number of phones within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October last year. Apple said it was not a safety issue, and appeared to suggest that the problem would be resolved by a replacement battery, which the company offered free. It did not say how many iPhone 6s phones were affected and in which markets. The China Consumers Association asked Apple to investigate problems with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s phones that were automatically shutting off. The unexpected shutdowns were said to happen when the phone’s battery charge dropped to between 60 and 50 percent. The battery replacement comes less than a week after Apple offered to repair for a reduced price of US$149 iPhone 6 Plus devices that had display flickering or multitouch issues. That problem was called ‘touch disease’ in August by repair guide website iFixit, as it was characterised by a grey, flickering bar at the top of the display and an unresponsive touchscreen. Those who had already fixed their phones for the issue were offered a refund on the difference in the cost. Apple’s wireless carrier partners are not participating in the battery replacement program for the iPhone 6s, so eligible users have to contact Apple retail stores, authorised service providers or technical support. Users have been advised to back up their data to iTunes or iCloud, turn off their ‘Find My iPhone’ facility, and erase all content and settings in preparation for the battery change. “If your iPhone 6s has any damage such as a cracked screen, which impairs the replacement of the battery, that issue will need to be resolved prior to the battery replacement. In some cases, there may be a cost associated with the repair,” Apple said while announcing the program. Users who believe their iPhone 6s phones was affected by the issue, and have already paid to replace the battery, can contact Apple about a refund, the company said. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Lonely Planet’s Best in Travel: Free on the iBookstore Magic Charger for Magic Mouse Review: iNewz for iPhone New: Meet Nook, Barnes & Noble’s e-book reader Tablets waver but remain tops in US gift-buying plans Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Do you want an Apple Watch Series 2? You can’t have it… yet Over the last week or so I've been on a mission. As your editor and as a fan of Apple's gear, I've been keen to get my hands on an Apple Watch Series... iOS 10.0.3 now update available for iPhone 7 Apple has released iOS 10.0.3, an update for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. To install the update, open the Settings app and tap General > Software... App Guide Nisi Paragon Hard Disk Manager for Mac Anchor Pointer Gadget Guide Grado GS2000e headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies How Apple empowers, and employs, the American working class Hackers target ATMs across Europe as cyber threat grows: IB Business Standard Apple to abandon development of wireless routers Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups Bloomberg  November 22, 2016 Last Updated at 02:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJGSsQ ALSO READ Apple bids goodbye to third-generation Apple TV: Report Key takeaways from the Apple event: Thinnest MacBook Pro and a new TV app Can Apple think outside the device? Apple launches its second generation Apple Watch From China, a better looking alternative to Apple's AirPods Apple has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn’t currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s plans. Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Bloomberg Read More On Apple | Wireless | Router | Apple Tv PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Apple to abandon development of wireless routers Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups Apple has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn’t currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s plans. Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Bloomberg Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple to abandon development of wireless routers Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups Apple has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn’t currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s plans. Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Bloomberg Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 33,880 Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse 31,339 Airport shooter is a former member of the military 27,385 David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong 27,337 Airport shooter was treated at mental hospital after bizarre encounter with FBI: report 23,825 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 21,174 The 16 best bakeries in America Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Snapchat pop-up store pushes new video glasses By James Covert View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 21, 2016 | 6:03pm | Updated November 22, 2016 | 10:56am Modal Trigger A man showing off his new "Spectacles" Glasses made by Snapchat. Brigitte Stelzer Here’s one retail “spectacle” that Apple won’t be happy about. Snapchat’s parent company opened a surprise pop-up store on Monday that sells its new video-shooting Spectacles — right next door to Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship. Brigitte Stelzer As many as 500 Snapchat-obsessed shoppers quickly lined up outside the big, yellow storefront at 5 E. 59th St. as soon as it opened its doors at 6 a.m. — a crowd reminiscent of Apple’s iPhone launches in seasons past. “I got in line at 9, but that was almost a little too late,” said 27-year-old New Yorker Joey Pennachio, the last customer to make it inside after the store shut its doors for the day at 1 p.m. Shoppers were corralled inside a rope maze leading to a bulky “Snapbot” vending machine at the back of the sleek, white retail space, decorated with rotating TV monitors that showed footage of 360-degree videos shot with the glasses. The store — the first actual retail front since Snap earlier this month began dropping Snapbots in unpredictable places like the Grand Canyon, Big Sur and Tulsa, Okla. — will be open every day until New Year’s with the exception of Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and Christmas. “This is the next phase of the evolution of the bot,” said a Snap exec, asking not to be named. “We wanted to have a little more of a curated experience.” Asked about the proximity to the Apple Store, the exec insisted that Snap was “more interested in being near Central Park — it’s a great place for visibility.” Shoppers were limited to a maximum of two pairs of the colorful $129.95 specs. Demand is so great that the hard-to-get glasses have been selling on eBay in recent days for upward of $1,000. “I had a few friends asking me to buy them a pair,” said Jacob Roscoe, a 19-year-old student at the New York Institute of Technology who left with two pair that appeared destined to be sold for a nifty profit. “Basically, whoever the highest bidder is gets them,” he said with a smile. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under eyeglasses ,  snapchat ,  social media ,  trends Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Officials rip JFK security over false 'active shooter' inc... Read Next Officials rip JFK security over false 'active shooter' inc... Most Popular This Week 1 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 2 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 3 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 4 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 5 Mariah Carey to blame for NYE disaster, insiders say 6 Disney could receive $50M for Carrie Fisher's death Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 33,900 Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse 31,250 Airport shooter is a former member of the military 27,390 David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong 27,359 Airport shooter was treated at mental hospital after bizarre encounter with FBI: report Columnists Keith J. Kelly Art & Auction exec 'voluntarily' leaves company Claire Atkinson Medium CEO announces layoffs, lashes out at 'broken system' SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On Carrie Fisher’s urn is a giant Prozac pill David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong David Bowie didn’t know he was dying until three months before the end SEE ALL Video 1:04 This new wristband knows how drunk you are More Stories pagesix Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse Now On Decider ‘Escorts’ Takes An Unflinching Look Into What It’s Like To Be A Call Girl nypost Airport shooter is a former member of the military New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Microsoft's CEO takes a shot at Tim Cook over the iPad Pro's similarities to the Surface Matt Weinberger Nov. 21, 2016, 5:20 PM 33,857 facebook linkedin twitter email print Microsoft CEO Satya NadellaREUTERS/Baz Ratner Back in 2012, when Microsoft first announced its first-ever Surface, a Wall Street analyst asked Apple CEO Tim Cook if the Cupertino company would ever follow suit with a laptop/tablet hybrid of its own. “You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but you know those things are not going to be probably be pleasing to the user," Cook famously replied. Fast forward to today, and Apple is selling no fewer than two versions of the iPad Pro, a tablet that looks a lot like a Microsoft Surface. Apple is even billing it as a suitable replacement for a Windows laptop. The irony hasn't escaped Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. "Three years ago, the two-in-one as a form factor was questioned. Does anybody need one? And now guess what, even our competition has decided that it's not a refrigerator and a toaster but it's actually a two-in-one," Nadella quipped this week to the Australian Financial Times. Microsoft has actually been having a lot of fun at Apple's expense over the whole affair: This last summer, Microsoft ran TV commercials slamming Apple's claim that an iPad Pro was as capable a laptop replacement as a Surface Pro 4 tablet.  Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (left) and Apple iPad Pro (right)Matt Weinberger/Business Insider In that same interview, Nadella indicated once more that Microsoft is all but out of the smartphone business, choosing instead to focus on apps and tools like Microsoft Office and its Enterprise Mobility Management, which work across iPhone and Android as well as Macs and PCs. "We will continue to be in the phone market not as defined by today's market leaders, but by what it is that we can uniquely do in what is the most ultimate mobile device," Nadella told the Australian Financial Times. Microsoft will soon be releasing the new Surface Studio, which has been generating a ton of buzz for its unique hybridization of the tablet and the PC. It raises the question: Will Apple follow Microsoft's lead once again? Or is the iPad Pro Apple's only refrigerator-toaster hybrid?   SEE ALSO: Microsoft's dream of Windows on phones is as good as dead — and that's great for Microsoft DON'T MISS: I tried Microsoft's new $3,000 Surface Studio PC and it was awesome NOW WATCH: The US is $19.9 trillion in debt — here are the countries we owe the most Loading video... More: Microsoft Satya Nadella Tim Cook Apple Microsoft Surface Apple iPad facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Microsoft's CEO takes a shot at Tim Cook over the iPad Pro's similarities to the Surface Microsoft's CEO takes a shot at Tim Cook over the iPad Pro's similarities to the Surface Back in 2012, when Microsoft first announced... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: January 7, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Follow us More Stories Features Inquirer: The Fatal Shore - Sharks sow deep divisions on NSW north coast Podcast series: The betrayal of a generation Podcasts from The Australian, including the award-winning Bowraville See what the latest Newspoll would mean if an election was held today Review Summer Edition. The best in books, music, art, film, theatre, and everything in between. The Global Food Forum is returning in March 2017. Secure your place now You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe Member rewards Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Review: HiRise 2 Deluxe, the best dock for any mobile device? Review: HiRise 2 Deluxe, the best dock for any mobile device? November 21, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment UPDATE #1: I’ve been told that Apple’s Lightning to USB-C cable works with the current microUSB clips, making it possible to use the new cable if you have your dock plugged into something like a 12-inch MacBook or a late 2016 MacBook Pro. UPDATE #2: Seems like I had a faulty clip 0, which would explain my clip not staying in place properly. For someone who’s never used an iPhone dock before, or any dock rather, (aside from the first-party Apple Watch dock), one could say I don’t have much experience in this field. Having played with Twelve South’s HiRise 2 Deluxe dock for Lightning device for a month, it’s definitely opened my eyes. Practicalities The first thing that strikes me is that it works with more than just the iPhone, but rather with most of my Lightning accessories. The only device I couldn’t get working (and it’s listed on their website), is the 12.9-inch iPad Pro for obvious reasons. But everything else including the fourth-generation Apple TV remote will charge just fine with it. On the same line of Lightning devices, the HiRise 2 also comes with various docking clips that can accommodate various case sizes. Personally, I don’t case any of my devices so “Clip 0” fit all of my devices just fine. But if you use tougher cases such as Otterbox you’ll likely need “Clip 6” to get that Lightning cable in there. The rear support can be adjusted as well to get the right depth for your different cases and devices. And that’s where my first gripe with the HiRise is. I’m not sure if it does it in the original HiRise, but nine times out of ten when I pull my iPhone off of the dock, the clip will push up. Not necessarily come off, but the force of the iPhone pulls the clip up a little. Is it a big deal? No. But it is a design flaw by the folks over at Twelve South. Maybe consider having a locking mechanism in place for the next iteration? On the upside, the dock is sturdy. It’s evenly weighted so when I attempt to remove my iPhone off the charger it won’t be lifted with it. Design Twelve South sent me the black version of the dock and it blends well with my Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus. Though, it would work with any device with a black faceplate. It wouldn’t look awful with a device with a white face plate like gold or rose gold, but it definitely looks better with Space Gray/Black/Jet Black. For other colors, I would consider the silver model of the dock. The back support is pretty sturdy as well. It doesn’t feel like it’ll fall off any time soon. It has a cushion to distant itself from scratching the device due to its metal build. This is especially important with a Jet Black iPhone being prone to micro-abrasions. No complaints here. To put it simply, the dock looks very Apple-esk. No seems, breaks, or obvious design faults in terms of aesthetics. There’s also a place for cables under the stand that keeps it in place, and out of sight as well, nice touch. Conclusion In the end, the HiRise 2 Deluxe is a great stand for what it’s worth. No, it won’t work with the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, which is a bummer. But most people won’t care about that. The cable clip could be a bit more sturdy, but it’s not like it’ll come off with a small tug. Outside of Apple devices, it also includes a microUSB cable for pretty much all other devices that aren’t USB-C. Though, you could probably fit a USB-C cable through the included clips for either Lightning or microUSB. For $59.99, it comes with the dock itself, a Lightning cable (black, might I add), a microUSB cable, and 3 cable clips for the respective cables. It works with any iPhone, iPad (that isn’t the 12.9-inch), or iPod. It could even charge your Apple TV Siri remote, Magic Trackpad 2, or Magic Keyboard. Overall, an incredible stand for the price. Tags: HiRise 2 Deluxe, review, Twelve South About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple says to ‘Open your heart to everyone’ with new ‘Frankie’s Holiday’ ad Phil Schiller reiterates why the new MacBook Pro maxes out at 16GB of RAM → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review NES Classic Edition: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Google Chromecast Ultra: Australian Review Rogue One: The Gizmodo Australia Review Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made By Apple GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Gadgets Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too Thousands Of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other On Twitch Watch This Stump Grinder Basically Vaporise A Tree Stump TCL's New Roku TVs Are Some Of The Cheapest Sets With HDR  Mobile LG Admits No One Cared About Its Modular Phone Last Year Asus' Crazy New Phone Takes 92-Megapixel Photos These Aussie-Made Wireless Earbuds Are A Cure For Pub Deafness How To Find A Lost Phone Car Tech This Incredible Sports Car Was 3D Printed From Laser-Melted Metal Honda's New Experimental Motorcycle Can Balance All By Itself Like Magic My First Ride In A Self-Driving Car Was Harrowing As Hell Living Near A Major Road May Cause Dementia Online This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today This Declassified Report On Russian Hacking Is Incredibly Bleak Wikileaks Somehow Reached A New Level Of Desperate Trump's Latest Statement On Russian Hacking Cannot Be Written About Rationally Science & Health 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy This Controversial Genetic Engineering Technology Could Eliminate Malaria Watch A Knife Attached To A Rocket Going 240km/h Slice The Hell Out Of Meat And Fruit Cameras This Smart Baby Camera Can See When An Infant Stops Breathing This Is The First Action Camera With FLIR Thermal Imaging Built Right In NASA's Favourite Photos Of 2016 Will Remind You There's Still Good In This World Australian Drone Laws: What You Need To Know Before Taking To The Skies Computing Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips Gaming The Game Boy Is Being Brought Back From The Dead With Some Awesome Upgrades Nvidia Is Bringing Better Game Streaming To Facebook Live Nvidia Has Come A Long Way, From Gaming Graphics To Self-Driving AI 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Is Coming In March Entertainment B&O Play's M5 Is The Most Beautiful Wireless Speaker I've Ever Seen Watch How ILM Brought Back Tarkin And Leia For Rogue One New Ragnarok Details Hint At Dire Times Ahead For Thor Home Alone Edited With More Blood Seems So Hilariously Demented Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips LG's Prototype Displays Are The Future Of Staring At TV Screens And Beyond Cramming Three 4K Displays Into One Huge Gaming Laptop Is So Insane That Obviously Razer Did It Apple Is Offering Replacements For iPhone 6s Models That Randomly Shut Down Christina Warren Nov 22, 2016, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple iphone 6s repairs Share If you have an iPhone 6S that randomly shuts down, you're not the only one. Apple is aware of a problem that it says affects a small number of phones, and is offering customers replacement batteries for those units. Last week, a consumer protection group in China asked Apple to investigate issues associated with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S units that would randomly power off. Apple now says in a support post that it has "determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down". The company goes on to explain: This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorised Service Provider and have your device's serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge. The good news is that, unlike with Touch Disease, you won't have to pay to get your battery replaced. If you have one of the affected units, Apple will swap it out for you at no additional cost. To get a replacement, your iPhone will need to be in working order. Moreover, if you have a cracked screen and that impedes with battery replacement process, you might have to pay to get the screen repaired before you can get a new battery. Users with problems should go to an authorised Apple repair centre or an Apple retail store. [Apple via PCWorld] Comments g-man @g-man Nov 22, 2016, 4:53pm My friends was doing this a few weeks ago. Telstra happily swapped it for a new one. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are Alex Cranz 05 Jan 2017 1:30 PM At 2.57mm thick, LG's new OLED W7 television might be the thinnest giant television ever made. I don't want to say that. It feels like hyperbole, and over the next few days I have no doubt that a lot of other televisions are going to use similar tech for similar results, but look at that image above. Note how that 65-inch display is actually thinner than that woman's finger. Now come back and tell me that isn't incredible. What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? Katharine Trendacosta 07 Jan 2017 12:00 AM Completionism is a disease that forces some people to finish something even though it has gone horribly wrong. This is why I have seen all of Charmed. And why my colleague James Whitbrook shudders when you mention Torchwood. Miracle Day. So, we ask you, what's the worst show you watched every minute of? Extra points for length of suck. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are 2 What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? 3 Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy 4 Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable 5 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today December Saw Campo Santo's Firewatch Hit One Million Copies Sold Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle How Bartenders Suggest You Stock Your Home Bar Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office The Tech Trends From CES 2017 That Will Actually Matter Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter It's official -- the 2016 Word of the Year is 'Dumpster fire' 22 huge movie sequels you probably didn't realise were coming out this year Obama on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'These tragedies have happened too often' Meet the hedge fund stars in their 20s who just made Forbes' '30 Under 30' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Dr. Edward Yardeni Tags: 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | donald trump | ford | apple | bully Ford and Apple News Suggests Trump's Bully Pulpit Has Clout (Getty/AFP/Nicholas Kamm) By Dr. Edward Yardeni Monday, 21 Nov 2016 03:12 PM More Posts by Dr. Edward Yardeni Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Donald Trump has set foot in the White House for only 90 minutes, as a guest of President Barack Obama on November 10. The President-elect will move in on January 20, yet he is already starting to have a significant impact in many ways, suggesting that Trump’s World will be a much different world than anything we have seen in the past. For stock investors, the question is will it be bullish or bearish? For now, Joe and I think it will be bullish. However, like everyone else, we are doing our best to stay on top of all the after-shocks that have resulted from the initial shock of Trump’s big win. Consider the following: (1) Will Ford stay home? Trump was widely viewed as a bully during the election campaign. Nevertheless, he won. Now the bully-in-chief will soon have the world’s most prominent bully pulpit. He might already be starting to achieve some of his policy goals as the world responds to the fact that he will soon have lots of power to change it as he sees fit. For starters, Ford seems to be responding to Trump’s criticism of the company during the campaign for moving factories out of the US to Mexico. Trump berated Ford for planning to move all its North American small-car production to Mexico, where wages are 80 percent lower than in the US. He threatened to slap Ford’s Mexican-built cars with a 35% tariff. He also said he would terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement, which lets goods flow between Mexico, the US, and Canada without tariffs. Bloomberg reported: “Ford, which has expressed a willingness to work with Trump since he was elected, has been in ‘constant contact’ with his transition team, Chief Financial Officer Bob Shanks told analysts Thursday.” At the end of last week, we learned that Ford announced that it would not move its Lincoln MKC plant from Louisville, Kentucky to Mexico. Even though the company had never previously indicated that it was even seriously considering the move, Trump issued a victory tweet on Thursday: “Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky--no Mexico.” (2) Will Apple come home? While speaking at Liberty University in January, candidate Trump said, “We’re going to get Apple Computer to build their d@mn computers and things in this country, instead of in other countries.” On Friday, the Nikkei Asian Review reported, “Key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the U.S.” It is conceivable that if Trump can score enough tweet points by bringing jobs back home using the power of his bully pulpit, he won’t pursue a much more damaging legislative agenda to restrict trade. (3) Will China promote free trade? On Saturday, Chinese state media blasted Trump for “trade-bashing” rhetoric that threatens global economic stability. “The billionaire-turned-politician needs to prove that derailing the global economy has not been one of the reasons why he ran for U.S. president,” the government’s official news agency, Xinhua, said in a commentary piece. At this weekend’s Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum in Peru, Chinese President Xi Jinping strongly defended free trade. He said the best response to rising protectionism would be for APEC’s 21 members to negotiate a free trade area encompassing the entire Pacific Rim. “Closed and inclusive arrangements are not the right choice,” Xi said, taking a veiled stab at the TPP. “Building a free trade area of the Asia-Pacific is a strategic initiative critical for long-term prosperity.” (4) Is Iran dumping heavy water? Saturday’s WSJ reported: “Iran will ship around 11 metric tons of heavy water out of the country in the next couple of days, according to people familiar with the plans, defusing a conflict with the U.S. and others over the Iranian nuclear deal.” Heavy water is used to cool uranium in a process that can be used to form plutonium, which can be used in a nuclear weapon. Iran’s nuclear deal set a limit on how much heavy water Iran could store. The article noted: “People involved in overseeing the Iranian nuclear deal say that at the very least, they believe Mr. Trump is likely to crack down on any breach of the terms of the nuclear deal by Iran.” (5) Will Europeans have to defend themselves? In addition to wanting to make America great gain, Trump has said that he would like Europeans to defend themselves. Apparently, they got the message. In December, the European Council is expected to vote on the creation of a European Defense Community with its own headquarters. “Europe needs to be able to act for its own security,” French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters. He said, “This will allow Europe to take a step towards its strategic autonomy.” Le Drian, along with Germany and EU Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini, has led the EU efforts for greater independence from Washington. Dr. Ed Yardeni is the President of Yardeni Research, Inc., a provider of independent global investment strategy research. More Posts by Dr. Edward Yardeni Has Shortage of New Drugs Pushed Up Prices of Old Drugs? Will Hope Trump Fear on Wall Street? Going Rogue on 2017 Earnings Outlook: Profits Recession Is Over More Newsmax Blogs: Megan McArdle: Republicans Should Save These 3 Unpopular Parts of Obamacare Joel L. Naroff: Tight Labor Market Forcing Firms to Pay Higher Wages Virginia Postrel: Why Americans Long to Live in an HGTV Home © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share EdwardYardeni The President-elect will move in on January 20, yet he is already starting to have a significant impact in many ways, suggesting that Trump’s World will be a much different world than anything we have seen in the past. donald trump, ford, apple, bully 862 Monday, 21 Nov 2016 03:12 PM 2016-12-21 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented China Media Warn Trump of 'Big Sticks' If He Seeks Trade War Thursday, 05 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Trump does not want a trade war. He wants fair trade. What is wrong with... Millennials Think the Trump Economy Is Going to Implode Friday, 06 Jan 2017 | 69 comments Between the last 8 years and the indoctrination they got in collage, this... Wall Street Banks: Trump's Economy to Fall Far Short of Lofty Goals in 1st Year Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 65 comments It's going to take him some time to clean up the messes of the last 16... Ford Cancels $1.6 Billion Mexico Plant After Trump Criticism Tuesday, 03 Jan 2017 | 29 comments Make Vicente Fox Cry Again!... Motley Fool: 7 Ways the GOP's Proposed Social Security Changes Could Impact Your Pocketbook Wednesday, 04 Jan 2017 | 27 comments If congress would put back all the money with interest they looted from... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Default Folder X 5.1.2 SEE Finance 1.1.2 ChronoSync 4.7.2 HandBrake 1.0.1 GraphicConverter 10.3 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1 LaunchBar 6.8 MoneyWiz 2.5.3 Default Folder X 5.1 Boom 2 v1.5.1     Published in TidBITS 1347. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No TidBITS Issue on 28 November 2016 Apple Launches iPhone 6 Plus Multi-Touch Repair Program Apple Announces iPhone 6s Repair Program for Unexpected Shutdowns Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac What Apple’s MacBook Lineup Should Look Like Touch Screens, Touch Bars, and the Single Point of Focus TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 21 November 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 15 Nov 2016 | Print  | Comment (4) Apple Announces New Apple Book by Josh Centers Responding to complaints about the new MacBook Pro line, Apple has announced a new product that features unlimited battery life, a higher-resolution display than any other Apple product, and silver gilding. Even better is its price: only $199 for the small version and $299 for the large. Unfortunately, it performs just one function: showing off current and previous Apple products. That’s right, “Designed by Apple in California” is an actual book that chronicles 20 years of Apple’s design work through 450 photographs of Apple gear, from the iMac to the Apple Pencil. It also documents the materials and techniques used by Apple’s design team. To justify the eye-watering price, Apple says the linen-bound hardcover volume is “printed on specially milled, custom-dyed paper with gilded matte silver edges, using eight color separations and low-ghost ink.” No mention was made about how Apple will keep the book up to date with future product releases.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Apple Announces New Apple Book To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. For those who think Apple doesn’t have the resources to update some app or bit of hardware, consider the company’s latest product announcement. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment jweil  2016-11-21 19:19 But does it come with AppleCare as an optional add-on? If so, how much and how long does it last? Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 11:05 I think we should start calling Apple Support asking where the headphone jack is. :-) Reply vanharen  2016-11-21 20:52 Colbert parodied this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W63_N63Qy-w I didn't realize that it was an actual book, though! Reply e  2016-11-22 08:51 It's not like this is the first book Apple has produced about it's products. There was "So Far..." (10 year anniversary book), the "Year of thinking different" book, the book about the Newton ("Defying Gravity"), the book about the Apple Design Group, and others. Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Report: End Is Near for Apple’s AirPort Wi-Fi Routers – PC Magazine Posted on November 21, 2016 by PC Magazine Apple may be killing off its Wi-Fi router business, according to a report that suggests the engineers who develop them are being reassigned to other divisions within the company. Apple’s Wi-Fi routers include the AirPort Express, a $99 white box that … Apple axes Wi-Fi router division, apparently signaling the end of AirPortAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple says Wi-Fi isn’t interesting anymoreComputerworld Apple is reportedly exiting the router businessThe Verge TechCrunch -CNET -Recode -Mac Rumors all 59 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Share Tweet iPhone 7 Plus review: An impressive phablet, but the price tag's enormous Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics iPhone 7s release date rumours Apple Watch 2 Apple AirPods release date rumours Best iPhone buying guide 2017 spon-art Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPhone iPhone 7 Plus review: An impressive phablet, but the price tag's enormous iPhone 7 Plus review: An impressive big-screen phablet with an equally big price tag | iPhone 7 Plus design, features, camera, screen, tech specs & Portrait Mode reviewed Our iPhone 7 Plus review rates the iPhone 7 Plus for design, features, camera (including the new Portrait Mode), screen, tech specs and value for money, and tests its capabilities in detailed speed testing. Is the iPhone 7 worth the (enormous) price tag, and should you upgrade from another handset to Apple's most expensive iPhone yet? by David Price | 19 Dec 16 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Rating Price RRP: TBC Pros Portrait Mode is very impressive Doubled storage tiers Speedy performance Cons Very expensive Camera still sticks out at the back iPhone 7 Plus review: An impressive phablet, but the price tag's enormous Welcome to our iPhone 7 Plus review, in which we rate Apple's newest and most expensive ever phablet for design, features, camera, screen, tech specs and value for money. If you'd prefer to read about the mid-size iPhone 7, head over to our iPhone 7 review. The iPhone 7 Plus features improved specs over the iPhone 6s Plus, including a quicker-than-ever A10 Fusion processor chip and a twin-lens camera, along with two new colour options (both black - don't worry, we'll explain) and IP67 waterproofing. Our iPhone 7 Plus review will help you decide if Apple's newest and costliest phablet is for you. Thanks to MobileFun for lending us the handset we used for this review. If you're interested in the full current iPhone range, take a look at our iPhone buying guide 2016. Or if you'd rather read about future iPhones, see iPhone 7s rumours and iPhone 8 rumours. Read next: Best cheap iPhone 7 Plus deals UK Last updated to include more on iOS 10.1's Portrait Mode.  iPhone 7 Plus review: Design & build quality Apple traditionally follows a 'tick tock' update cycle with its iPhones: a major, full-number update with a visible physical redesign (iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6) followed by a minor, S-branded update that looks roughly or exactly the same as its predecessor (iPhone 4s, iPhone 5c/5s, iPhone 6s). So after the relatively unexciting update last year we were expecting and hoping for a fundamentally different design. In fact, the iPhone 7 Plus is largely the same in overall design to the iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus before it: the dimensions are almost identical to the 6s Plus. And the camera still sticks out at the back, which is mildly irritating. Try placing the iPhone 7 Plus face-up on a table and it won't lie down flat: the back lens will prop it up very slightly. It's particularly galling given that the iPhone SE, released back in spring, has a design in which the camera is completely flush. Still, most of us will keep the iPhone cased (see best iPhone 7 Plus cases), which removes the issue entirely. And even if this design has been around for a while now, it remains very smart and attractive. There are a couple of differences from the previous generation. The iPhone 6s's visible antenna bands have been removed, which produces a cleaner, more minimalist design. And more significantly, the headphone port is also gone, which has a similar aesthetic effect but is altogether more controversial. Read next: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s | iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus | iPhone 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 iPhone 7 Plus design: Headphone port The iPhone 7 Plus (like the iPhone 7) hasn't got a 3.5mm headphone jack. You'll need to use Lightning headphones (a pair of Lightning-based EarPods are included with the phone), or go wireless, or use an adaptor. It got a certain amount of applause at the launch event (particularly when Apple ballsily claimed that the move demonstrated "courage"), but in the real world this has not proved to be a popular announcement. People already own headphones, in most cases based on the 3.5mm standard, and don't much like the idea of having to buy a new set to fit the iPhone 7 handsets. Apple fans got so disgruntled about the headphone removal ahead of the launch that a petition was set up to ask Apple to reconsider. More than 300,000 people signed. But the headphone move being leaked ahead of the launch rather drew the sting of the online outrage, and I would say that most people have become relatively sanguine about the whole thing. In part this is because of Apple's announcement that a Lightning-to-mini phono adaptor will be bundled with iPhone 7 handsets, and cost just £9 even if you lose it. Sure, the idea of lugging around an adaptor if you want to listen to your existing headphones is annoying, but you can always use the new EarPods and keep your nice audiophile cans for home use with the adaptor. It feels like a retrograde step, or at least a premature one, but the inconvenience factor just doesn't feel like that much of a big deal now. Nevertheless, now we know there isn't a headphone port on the iPhone 7 Plus, there's going to be a lot of demand for three things: Lightning headphones, Bluetooth headphones (such as the AirPods), and Bluetooth speakers. iPhone 7 Plus design: Home button Piper Jaffrey analyst Gene Munster suggested ahead of the launch that the iPhone 7 handsets wouldn't have a Home button, and that the Touch ID sensor would be built into the screen itself. That hasn't happened. But Apple has substantially redesigned the Home button. Apple has kept the Home button but modified it, changing the button from a moving to a non-moving part, equipping it instead with the haptic technology from the MacBook's Force Touch trackpad. In other words, it 'buzzes' when you apply pressure to simulate a downward press, while in actual fact not moving at all. (For more on the haptic Force Touch trackpad, read 13 ways to use Force Touch on the new MacBook.) This felt odd at first, and on the whole isn't as effective a deception as the MacBook's Force Touch click. This feels different to the old Home button and there's no getting away from that fact. But you get used to it very quickly. It's different, but good in its own way. (Also, we recommend using the most subtle number-one setting for the Home button's haptic feedback, which seems the most natural to us. Read: How to customise the iPhone 7 Home button.) iPhone 7 Plus review: Waterproofing As predicted ahead of the launch, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are officially more waterproof than any previous iPhones - although Apple is studiously using the phrase 'water-resistant' instead. The iPhone 7 handsets are rated IP67 for solid and liquid intrusion protection. iPhone 7 Plus review: Screen The iPhone 7 Plus has a very similar screen to the iPhone 6s Plus: it's the same 5.5-inch phablet form factor that's been a popular choice for the 6 Plus and 6s Plus, with the same resolution (1920 x 1080) and pixel density (401 pixels per inch): the highest of any Apple product. And while rival manufacturers have gone considerably higher still - Samsung's Galaxy S7 has an astonishing 577ppi - it's debatable whether the human eye is capable of getting much from densities above 400ppi. At this point it's about spec boasting more than appreciable differences in the user experience. We find it a shade too large for our tastes (like the 6s Plus, it stretches the seams of our slim-fit trouser pockets…), but Apple has at least addressed potential problems using such a big-screen device one-handed with a feature called Reachability, which compresses the screen downwards when you double-tap the Home button. (That's not a new feature, mind: it was announced along with the iPhone 6 Plus.) Interface touches like that are key to Apple's appeal. (See: 7 tips for using the iPhone 6 Plus with small hands.) There are a couple of enhancements to the screen for this generation. It's 25 percent brighter, Apple claims (we've not been overwhelmed by this in practice, although it does seem a little clearer for viewing in sunlight), and has a wider colour gamut. iPhone 7 Plus review: Camera As expected, the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a dual-lens camera setup on the back (there is no such upgrade for the iPhone 7). This broadly fits with Apple's past behaviour, since the company generally likes to set apart its top-of-the-line phone with at least one feature that isn't available on any other - and it's often something in the photographic line, such as optical image stabilisation. But this is the first time a Plus-branded iPhone has had such a conspicuous physical advantage over its smaller cousin. The dual-lens camera offers a number of potential benefits, many of which will emerge across the coming months as app developers and Apple itself come up with new software features. The most important are optical zoom up to 2x and Portrait Mode, an arty photo mode added in the iOS 10.1 update a month after the iPhone 7 Plus's launch. We're also hoping for post-shot refocusing - if you get a photo slightly off, it's possible with some dual-lens cameras to alter the focus later using the combined data from both lenses - but this looks unlikely. However, we're certain that app developers will come up with all sorts of clever things to do with this hardware.  The iPhone 7 Plus features two different lenses, one of them a telephoto; this is what enables the 7 Plus to offer an optical zoom by switching from one lens to the other. It also has 10x digital zoom, compared to the 5x digital zoom on the iPhone 7 and on the previous generation. We explore the capabilities of the optical zoom in the next section. Read next: iPhone photo tips Camera testing We've spent a lot of time with the iPhone 7 Plus's camera, and while not every shot has come out perfectly - photos taken in harsh electric light indoors sometimes seem to have an almost 'painted' finish, as if they've been put through a retro filter - it's generally performed impressively. Colours are rich, detail is strong, and most of the time the shutter is faster than we're used to. Click to enlarge - but be warned it's a giant file! Let's talk about the zoom for a moment. Thanks to that dual-lens setup, the iPhone 7 Plus is supposed to offer optical zoom up to 2x, with digital zoom taking over after that point. You'll probably know that digital zoom isn't up to much: essentially the phone is cropping into the picture and using software to simulate the additional detail that's required, so photos taken with digital zoom will be that much noisier and more pixellated than a photo taken at normal 1x 'magnification'. Optical zoom, achieved through use of the glassware, should have no such problems. It doesn't quite work out that way - some reviewers have speculated that in fact some element of digital zoom is combined with optical zoom before you reach 2x magnification - but the effect is noticeably better than the 2x zoom on an iPhone 6s Plus. Here's a shot taken with the iPhone 7 Plus at 2x zoom. Click to zoom in (be warned that it's a very large image file). And here's roughly the same shot achieved by moving closer to the subject and shooting at 1x. Again, click to enlarge. Now let's repeat the shot with an iPhone 6s Plus. At 2x zoom: And at 1x zoom, moving closer to the subject: We can get a better comparison of how well the two phones handle the zoom by cropping in tightly to the subject's face. Here we do that for the iPhone 7 Plus: And here's a comparison of the detail in the iPhone 6s Plus's shots: At 2x zoom the iPhone 7 Plus's shot is a bit messier and we're starting to see some pixellation around the subject's ear and neckline. But it broadly holds up. The iPhone 6s Plus struggled much more at 2x zoom - although remember that this is a tight crop and the loss of definition won't be this noticeable in most cases. Portrait mode On 24 October 2016, Apple released iOS 10.1, which added Portrait Mode to the iPhone 7 Plus's repertoire of skills. It's relatively early days, and the feature is still officially in beta testing, but we're loving Portrait Mode so far. Unlike Live Photos, say, which is toggled on or off at the top of the screen and applied to the standard Photo format (it cannot be applied to square shots, for some reason), Portrait Mode is an entirely new photo format accessed via the swipe menu along the bottom of the Camera interface. In the iPhone 7 Plus this menu now comprises, from left to right, Time-Lapse, Slo-Mo, Video, Photo, Portrait, Square and Pano. When you take a shot in Portrait Mode the iPhone also keeps a copy of the image taken conventionally - by default, at any rate. You can tell the phone not to bother in Settings, but it's probably worth keeping on in case the phone gets the focus 'wrong', which has happened to us on several occasions. This also allows us to easily compare the effect of Portrait Mode. (For tips on using Portrait Mode more effectively, see How to use Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus.) By mimicking the 'bokeh' effect you frequently see when photographers work with DSLR cameras - blurring the background and giving greater prominence to the subject - Portrait Mode produces a more dramatic and attractive shot. Not every picture you take with Portrait Mode will work out this nicely, however: it's important to get the subject at the right distance from the camera, with a background a good distance further away, and good lighting is essential. But Portrait Mode offers tips on setting things up properly. We've found that Portrait Mode works quite well when taking photos of people, and we think that this is in part due to the facial recognition capabilities of the smartphone. The camera then 'knows' where the main focus of the shot should be, and will adjust the bokeh effect accordingly and usually with impressive results. However, the results become a bit more hit-and-miss when it comes to objects, especially if the fore- and background have similar patterns/colours. We've experienced issues mainly to do with focus, as the effect will sometimes blur part of the foreground image thinking it's a part of the background and vice-versa. Lighting is also extremely important, as the telephoto lens used has a smaller aperture than the wide-angle lens it's paired with, and thus lets in much less light. If ideal lighting conditions aren't met, users will likely get portrait photos that look grainy and out-of-focus.  To read more about Portrait Mode, check out the fashion shoot our colleagues put together using the new feature: iPhone 7 Plus vs DSLR photo shootout. You can see how this went in the following video: iPhone 7 Plus review: Battery life Thanks to its larger chassis, the iPhone 6s Plus and the 6 Plus before it were both able to squeeze in larger-capacity battery units than their non-Plus equivalents - and these larger batteries were able to more than compensate for the additional power requirements of a larger screen with far more pixels, resulting in higher battery life than any other iPhones. The iPhone 6s Plus is good for about 12 hours of unplugged web surfing, compared to roughly 10 hours with the iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 Plus has a greater battery life than the 6s Plus (Apple claims that for the average user, it'll last an extra hour between charges), but the iPhone 7 has gained an average of two hours - which means the gap between the standard and Plus models is narrower than in the previous. We test these claims below. Battery life is professedly a hot-button issue for many smartphone buyers, but comments by senior Apple staff make us sense that the company is happy with what it's offering at the moment - particularly for the Plus models - and doesn't intend to make any great sacrifices in order to significantly increase battery life. (And sacrifices would be called for: whether in terms of a larger and heavier device, a higher price tag, a lower-res screen and so on.) Following iFixit's teardown, we know that the iPhone 7 Plus has a battery capacity of 2900 mAh, compared to 2750 mAh on the 6s Plus. Read next: How to improve iPhone battery life Battery testing We tested the iPhone 7 Plus's battery to exhaustion using the battery-test component of GeekBench 3 (a test which has been removed from GeekBench 4). It lasted 10 hours, 8 minutes and 20 seconds. That's a score of 6083. We tested our year-old iPhone 6s Plus at the same time, and it managed only 7:03:30, a score of 4235 - although you should bear in mind that a year's heavy use will wear down a battery unit and result in lesser performance. A comparison between two box-fresh models would be closer. The GeekBench 3 battery test is particularly demanding and you're likely to find that your phone lasts considerably longer between charges than the above figures. iPhone 7 Plus review: Processor The iPhone 6s Plus (and the iPhone 6s, for that matter) comes with a proprietary-design A9 processor chip with an M9 motion co-processor. It doesn't take a genius to predict that the iPhone 7 Plus would therefore include an A10 - but Apple has slightly sidestepped expectations by branding it the A10 Fusion. The firm says to expect around 40 percent higher processing speed than with the iPhone 6s Plus's A9, and about twice the performance of the A8. But obviously we decided to see for ourselves. GeekBench 4 processing speed scores Here's how the iPhone 7 Plus compares to the iPhone 6s Plus in the GeekBench 4 speed-testing suite. Higher scores are better. iPhone 6s Plus: 2491 (single core), 4129 (multicore) iPhone 7 Plus: 3434 (single core), 5618 (multicore) JetStream 1.1 JavaScript benchmark scores Here's how the iPhone 7 Plus got in when we used the JetStream JavaScript benchmark. Again, higher scores are better. iPhone 6s Plus: 122.54 iPhone 7: 160.2 iPhone 7 Plus: 168.68 GFXBench OpenGL graphics scores We tested out the iPhone 7 Plus's graphics capabilities in the GFXBench OpenGL suite. Here's how it got on - and the scores for the 6s Plus, for comparison. iPhone 6s Plus: Manhattan onscreen: 39.9fps Manhattan offscreen: 36.2fps T-Rex onscreen: 57.2fps T-Rex offscreen: 67.8fps iPhone 7 Plus: Manhattan onscreen: 43.5fps Manhattan offscreen: 41.1fps T-Rex onscreen: 57.8fps T-Rex offscreen: 83.4fps iPhone 7 Plus review: RAM It's now been confirmed by iFixit's teardown that the iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB of RAM, which ought to give it an additional speed advantage over the iPhone 6s Plus, which had 2GB. The iPhone 7, meanwhile, has only 2GB. It's understood that the extra RAM for the Plus model has been included to handle the demands of collating/combining the output of each rear-facing camera lens and generating a final image with the best elements of each. iPhone 7 Plus review: UK price The iPhone 7 Plus is available to buy now, having been announced on 7 September and gone on sale on 16 September. Here's the pricing - note that Apple has doubled the storage allocation at each tier: iPhone 7 Plus (32GB): £719 iPhone 7 Plus (128GB): £819 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB): £919 The iPhone 7 Plus is available for direct purchase through Apple's online store. We've got lots more deals here: Best cheap iPhone 7 Plus deals & contracts UK. Colour options The iPhone 7 Plus is available in five colours. Silver, gold and Rose Gold are the same as we got on the previous generation, but Space Grey has been ditched and replaced by two different black finishes, one in matt (just called black) and the other in gloss (Jet Black). Jet Black is the braggers' choice, partly because it's only available if you buy the middle or upper storage tier options. The 32GB iPhone 7 Plus is not available in Jet Black. The matt-black iPhone 7 Plus (just called "black") strikes us as pleasantly low-key, although some may find it dull. The highly glossy Jet Black version is more obviously lovely to look at, but it picks up fingerprints like nobody's business and appears to be scratch-prone, too. OUR VERDICT The iPhone 7 Plus has plenty to be pleased about - waterproofing, a twin-lens camera, a specs bump, stereo audio, a customisable Home button - but is there anything here to get passionate about? This is quite clearly the best iPhone yet, with a smart (if unradical) design and an impressive feature set and user experience; the new Portrait Mode is rather lovely, too. But the price is steep. Unless you're particularly in love with big screens or the very latest in camera features, the iPhone 7 may be a better and better-value option. Tags: iPhone Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Trending Stories 160 best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games: Amazing iOS games you need to play The 131 best Mac games ever: Fantastic Mac games you need to play iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features Read More Comments Latest Stories iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price 05 Jan 17 How to use VR on a Mac: Can you play VR games on OS X? 05 Jan 17 How to use GeForce Now on Mac | GeForce Now for PC and Mac explained 05 Jan 17 Read More Latest Apple Rumours macOS Sierra best new features | Complete guide to macOS Sierra 25 Oct 16 New MacBook 2016 release date, price, specs rumours UK 09 Dec 16 New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist 05 Jan 17 Read More Latest Apple Reviews AirPods review: Apple's AirPods bring true intelligence to wireless earbuds 04 Jan 17 MacBook Pro Touch Bar vs MacBook Pro 2016 02 Jan 17 Apple Watch 2 review | Apple Watch Series 2 review: Virtually perfect 21 Dec 16 Read More Latest Apple Reviews Advertisement Mi Mix review: Revolutionary Xiaomi Mi Mix is breathtaking with its bezel-less display, gorgeous… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Jon Burgerman talks doodling on Instagram video, creating animated stickers & spontaneous creativity Apple AirPods review: Apple's beautiful new Bluetooth headphones bring true intelligence to… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy This company is set to benefit from Apple's new wave of tech. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Nov 21, 2016 at 4:32PM Image source: Flickr. A Motley Fool Investigative Report - November 07, 2016 If you own Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock, know someone who does, or have even thought about buying it... there's something you need to know. You see, there's a king's ransom up for grabs as Apple's next game-changer makes its way outside of the company's secretive design labs in Silicon Valley. But, one stock that's poised to benefit the most from Apple's next game-changer IS NOT Apple. While millions of tech-hungry consumers line up to get their hands on Apple's global sensations, a group of in-the-know investors will be licking their chops to capitalize on a backdoor way to potentially profit as Apple's products fly off the shelves. Here's how. Apple is set to sell millions of new Apple Watches, PLUS millions of iPhones, PLUS millions of iPads. But you already knew that. What most people don't know is there's an invaluable, tiny component inside all of these devices that Apple doesn't manufacture in-house! They don't make it because they don't have the technology OR the patents to do so. That's because another company (1/30th of Apple's size) owns the rights to those patents -- so Apple has to pay that company to include its technology in their gadgets. Translation: This tiny company essentially gets paid every time Apple sells a new device. You don't have to be a numbers-whiz to understand what that kind of growth can do to a company's stock price. the_motley_fool has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Nov 21, 2016 at 4:32PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $98.21 down $0.19 (-0.19%) Read More So You Like Dividends? I Bet You'll Love These 3 Stocks Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy 4 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in October 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Warren Buffett's Co-Pilot Loves This Kind of Company Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy #stocks $AAPL, $NXPI
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Intentionally Keeps Verizon iPhone 7 From Reaching Max Speed, To Match AT&T Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Intentionally Keeps Verizon iPhone 7 From Reaching Max Speed, To Match AT&T Image courtesy of YouTube November 21, 2016 4:38 pm EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc not actually the same apple iphone iPhone 7 at&t verizon wireless You would think an iPhone 7 is an iPhone 7, right? Apple’s famous for making one consistent device that’s the same inside, and works the same way, from carrier to carrier. So it’s a little surprising that one carrier’s version of the phone actually could work faster than another’s… and even more surprising that Apple’s set it up not to perform as well as it can. The Verizon Wireless version of the iPhone 7 is technologically capable of downloading data at 600 Mbps over LTE. That’s super fast! But as two research firms told Bloomberg News, in practice the phone is not optimized, and can’t exceed 450 Mbps — the maximum download speed that the competing AT&T iPhone 7 can reach. Now, granted, most users won’t notice the difference. Real-world tests, like the one PC Mag runs every year, find that the average 4G LTE connection speed you get ranges between 19 and 30 Mbps depending what city you’re in and which of the four major carriers you’re using. The top download speed recorded in their tests last year was 160 Mbps, on a Verizon phone in the northwest part of the country. That means the 450 Mbps download speed a Verizon iPhone 7 limits itself to, and that AT&T users get, is still a solid four times faster than anything most users will ever be able to connect with. iPhone parts are sourced from a whole bunch of different companies. It’s not just that one company makes glass and another makes CPUs and a third makes modems; for a huge number of internal components, there are several different manufacturers for each individual part, too. That’s basically the key difference here, the research firms tell Bloomberg: the Verizon/Sprint model has a Qualcomm chip in it; the AT&T/T-Mobile one uses a sligtly different Intel chip. The Qualcomm one is both newer and faster than the Intel one. MORE: It takes dozens of companies to make your iPhone Still, analysts told Bloomberg — it’s straight up weird for a technology company to throttle itself in this way. But that brings us back to the top, and most consumers’ (and developers!) assumption that an iPhone is an iPhone is an iPhone. “They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better,” one analyst told Bloomberg. “If Apple had a guiding principle, it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” Other analysts pointed out that not only does Apple need to create a unified customer experience, but also will want to keep all wireless carriers equally happy. “Apple likely has some incentive to balance the performance of its iPhones across its U.S. operator partners,” a different expert told Bloomberg. “It would be difficult, for example, to explain to AT&T, which remains the U.S. carrier with the most iPhone subscribers, why Verizon is offering a superior product.” Was this helpful? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. Apple Chip Choices May Leave Some IPhone Users in Slow Lane [Bloomberg] November 21, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc not actually the same apple iphone iPhone 7 at&t verizon wireless Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related iphone Unlocked iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus Now Officially Available In The U.S. what is this thing What The Heck Is 5G Anyway, And Why Does It Matter? reality check Don’t Believe Comcast… Mobile Broadband Is Not Competition For Cable Internet T are the champions T-Mobile, Where Second Place = “Undisputed” Champ where's the signal? Verizon Customers Reporting Connection Issues With New iPhone7 Previous Has Instagram Made Snapchat Irrelevant? Next Kraft Scoops .5 Ounces Out Of Philadelphia Cream Cheese Bins Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Kraft Scoops .5 Ounces Out Of Philadelphia Cream Cheese Bins Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Featured Partner Forget Apple! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 4:32 PM 11/21/2016      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5339441 Image source: Flickr. A Motley Fool Investigative Report – November 07, 2016 If you own Apple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) stock, know someone who does, or have even thought about buying it… there’s something you need to know. You see, there’s a king’s ransom up for grabs as Apple’s next game-changer makes its way outside of the company’s secretive design labs in Silicon Valley. But, one stock that’s poised to benefit the most from Apple’s next game-changer IS NOT Apple. While millions of tech-hungry consumers line up to get their hands on Apple’s global sensations, a group of in-the-know investors will be licking their chops to capitalize on a backdoor way to potentially profit as Apple’s products fly off the shelves. Here’s how. Apple is set to sell millions of new Apple Watches, PLUS millions of iPhones, PLUS millions of iPads. But you already knew that. What most people don’t know is there’s an invaluable, tiny component inside all of these devices that Apple doesn’t manufacture in-house! They don’t make it because they don’t have the technology OR the patents to do so. That’s because another company (1/30th of Apple’s size) owns the rights to those patents — so Apple has to pay that company to include its technology in their gadgets. Translation: This tiny company essentially gets paid every time Apple sells a new device. You don’t have to be a numbers-whiz to understand what that kind of growth can do to a company’s stock price. A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world’s biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn’t miss a beat: There’s a small company that’s powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. the_motley_fool has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 KuriRobot DellCanvas ProjectValerie CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Networking/ Routers/ Report: End Is Near for Apple's AirPort Wi-Fi Routers Report: End Is Near for Apple's AirPort Wi-Fi Routers By Tom Brant November 21, 2016 04:36pm EST 10 Comments The engineering team is being disbanded, according to Bloomberg. Apple may be killing off its Wi-Fi router business, according to a report that suggests the engineers who develop them are being reassigned to other divisions within the company. Apple's Wi-Fi routers include the AirPort Express, a $99 white box that has been redesigned several times since its introduction in 2004. Its last refresh was in 2013, however, and Bloomberg today reports that the team who works on it and other Apple routers has been gradually disbanded over the past year. Citing people familiar with the matter, Bloomberg says the decision to disband the team indicates the company doesn't plan to develop new versions of its routers, which also include the AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule. Apple did not immediatley respond to PCMag's request for comment. Related Pre-Order $129 'Google Wifi' Router Replacement Pre-Order $129 'Google Wifi' Router Replacement Those pricier devices—up to $400 for the version of the AirPort Time Capsule that includes a 3TB hard drive for backups—were also introduced more than a decade ago during the early years of Wi-Fi adoption. The ubiquity of ISP-provided routers, the rise of the Wi-Fi-connected Internet of Things, and newcomers like Google have all threatened Apple's position in the high-end router market. So have rapidly changing Wi-Fi standards, which Apple has been relatively slow to adopt, instead relying on its routers' easy setup and tight integration with the Mac ecosystem to woo customers. Still, the current versions of the AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule both include support for dual-band, 1.3Gbps Wi-Fi. If Apple does stop selling its routers, it will follow a recent trend to streamline product offerings and focus on the most profitable parts of the company. Cupertino exited the external monitor business when it stopped selling its Thunderbolt Display this past summer. The $999 monitor had not been updated since 2011. Back to top Previous : Rumor: $129 Home Wi-Fi Router on Tap for Google Event Stylish Norton Core Router Secures Your Network, IoT Devices... Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom McAfee Security Now Comes in a Wi-Fi Router A new Arris Surfboard router and modem combo will have built-in McAfee protection for all your IoT d... More » Huawei's Mate 9 Becomes the First Alexa Phone The Huawei Mate 9 is coming to the US this week for $600. Alexa is coming later. More » Qualcomm-Powered Glasses Offer an (Expensive) Taste of AR If you're itching to try AR but aren't interested in Microsoft's HoloLens, the R8 may be for you. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles CES 2017 Photo Gallery A First Look at Razer's Mind-Boggling Project Valerie AI-Packed Honda Concept Is Ready for Autonomous Ride Shares Hands On With the AirTV Cord-Cutting Media Streamer 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Razer's Ariana Projection Concept Takes Gaming Beyond the TV »See More //Related Reviews Asus RT-AC88U Dual-Band Router D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R) TP-Link Talon AD7200 Multi-Band Wi-Fi Router D-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Router (DIR-842) The Best Wireless Routers of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Default Folder X 5.1.2 SEE Finance 1.1.2 ChronoSync 4.7.2 HandBrake 1.0.1 GraphicConverter 10.3 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1 LaunchBar 6.8 MoneyWiz 2.5.3 Default Folder X 5.1 Boom 2 v1.5.1     Related Articles Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac (21 Nov 16)     Published in TidBITS 1347. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No TidBITS Issue on 28 November 2016 Apple Announces New Apple Book Apple Launches iPhone 6 Plus Multi-Touch Repair Program Apple Announces iPhone 6s Repair Program for Unexpected Shutdowns Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac Touch Screens, Touch Bars, and the Single Point of Focus TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 21 November 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Opinion | 21 Nov 2016 | Print  | Comment (47) What Apple’s MacBook Lineup Should Look Like by Adam C. Engst Complaints about the new MacBook Pro models abound, centering on the 16 GB RAM limit, the keyboard, the need for numerous adapters for its Thunderbolt 3 ports, and the lack of a MagSafe charging connector. (Many people have concerns about the Touch Bar too, but those are largely hypothetical; we won’t know whether it was a good addition until developers add support for it and users can see how well it works for them.) There are good explanations for why Apple made each of these design decisions, but they all come down to optimizing for size, weight, and battery life. Going beyond 16 GB would have required a power-hungry chipset that would have reduced battery life significantly or called for a much larger and heavier battery. The keyboard feels the way it does — which some people hate — in part to take up less vertical space so the MacBook Pro can be thinner. And while Thunderbolt 3 has great technical specs, some of its appeal to Apple is also its use of thin USB-C ports that occupy less space — probably externally and internally — than a varied collection of ports. In his closing talk at last week’s MacTech Conference, the inimitable Andy Ihnatko hit the nail on the head when he pointed out that despite the different names, the MacBook, the MacBook Air, and the MacBook Pro are all really just variants on the MacBook Air concept. They’re thin, light, and relatively expensive for what they offer in terms of performance and connectivity. That’s fine, but not everyone wants the smallest and lightest Mac laptop. For some, price is paramount, and for others, performance matters most. A more compelling line of Mac laptops might look like this: MacBook: The canonical MacBook should be rugged and inexpensive, with low-end performance and connectivity options. Remember the white and black plastic MacBooks? A machine worthy of the MacBook name should channel those design goals and be ideal for a high school student. Size and weight are somewhat important, but price should be the driving factor, ideally starting around $500 for a 13-inch non-Retina model with 4 GB of RAM and 128 GB of flash storage. Give it two USB-A ports, a MagSafe charger, and a Mini DisplayPort jack — there’s no need to raise the cost with USB-C or Thunderbolt. Let’s see Apple innovate on price for once. MacBook Air: The ideal MacBook Air would be much like today’s 12-inch MacBook, with two Thunderbolt 3 ports instead of a single USB-C port because… duh. Size and weight are supreme with this machine, and while performance doesn’t need to be stunning, it should be comparable to or better than the proposed MacBook. The price can go up, and options for 16 GB of RAM and larger SSDs should be available. The target market for such a MacBook Air is the busy executive who travels constantly but doesn’t need much beyond email, Web, and Microsoft Office. Pricing might start at $1200. MacBook Pro: For power users, Apple should optimize the theoretical MacBook Pro for performance and connectivity, worrying about size, weight, and battery life secondarily. A 13-inch model might have similar performance specs to a tricked-out version of the proposed MacBook Air but with an industrial design that offers more ports: MagSafe, Thunderbolt 3, Thunderbolt 2 port, USB-A, HDMI, Ethernet, and an SD card slot. Its price might start around $1500 and go up with additional CPU and storage. For those who need the ultimate power, the 15-inch model could support amounts of RAM above what laptop chipsets can generally handle, along with a plethora of build-to-order options that could push its price from a starting point of maybe $1800 into the stratosphere. Such specs would reduce battery life and increase weight but would enable mobile professionals to rely on a single machine. The core problem is that Apple no longer seems to understand how Mac users choose their machines. Right now, it’s nearly impossible to figure out what Mac laptop to buy, because the three key differentiators of price, size, and performance are difficult to tease out, with all the models converging on the MacBook Air’s focus on size at the expense of price and performance. Plus, as Andy Ihnatko also pointed out, Apple has become a design and manufacturing company, not an engineering company. Unsurprisingly, the only Mac for which design and manufacturing matter more than anything else is the canonical MacBook Air, which needs to be magically small and light and is willing to compromise on price and performance. The prime directive of an engineering company is to provide products that solve users’ problems. It’s all about helping users achieve their goals with the least amount of wasted time and effort. That used to describe Apple to a T. Nowadays, Apple is ignoring the desires of many Mac users and focusing on making gorgeous objects that are possible purely because of the company’s leadership in advanced manufacturing techniques. That has a place with an iPhone or iPad, but who cares if an iMac is thin? You look at the front, not the edge! We don’t mind if our Macs are carved from single blocks of aluminum and feature chamfered edges, but that design won’t make us more productive. (For more on why Apple is doing this, see “Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac,” 21 November 2016.) When it comes to Macs, form should follow function, not force us into uncomfortable compromises.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Chris Williams, Nelis van Nahuijs, Melvyn Halbert, and Paul Glenn for their generous support!   Comments about What Apple’s MacBook Lineup Should Look Like To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Dismayed by Apple’s direction with the new MacBook Pro models? You’re far from alone. Either way, Adam Engst feels that Apple needs to rethink its laptop lineup to provide models that optimize for each of price, size, and performance. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Charlie Hartley  2016-11-21 16:53 I just hope someone with clout at Apple is listening. Sadly, that appears unlikely. Reply Derek Roff   2016-11-21 17:21 There is not a single Mac model that offers a mix of features that I want. Which is roughly the 15" MacBook Pro that Adam describes. My guess is that few decision makers at Apple use their Macs for anything but email and web browsing. They don't have any idea how negatively their obsession with thinness impacts users. Nor the aggravation of having to carry several dongles. I hope the message somehow gets across this time. Reply Huxley Conklin  2016-11-21 17:53 Adam, succinctly put, well thought and expressing the common users' dilemma. Apple, you have brought us a long way into the future, but you are forgetting those of us who do not live on the bleeding edge. Keep more affordable and practical options for those of us who want to stay in the Apple environment and be able to afford it. Requiring numerous adapters for existing external devices is not a clean or better solution for all. Reply Kyle David  2016-11-21 18:04 Happy to be adjusting to this tragic "First World" problem with the new 15" 2.9 GHz, Radeon Pro 460 w/ 1TB SSD with ports that crank 10 Gbps 40 Gbps Thunderbolt 3 with 2x 5k displays if I so choose! I do understand that there are many complainers out there who never had to deal with Parallel or Serial ports and 24 baud modems... that might be part of the problem. Reply Jason Shanks  2016-11-22 08:24 @Adam - very lucid and much appreciated summation of the angst out there concerning this long-awaited Macbook Pro line rev. While some long for a heavy-duty top tier 15" that sacrifices size for specs, I've had similar consternation that the 13" tops out where it does and can't be upgraded with the best proc & video card (assuming it's heat dissipation concerns). I'm in the process of minimising my setup to a single computer and that would be the sweet spot. Instead, like Kyle here, I've been itching to upgrade for a while and happily taking the vast improvement any of these have over my aging Mac Pro. Awaiting a fully-loaded 15" with multi-port USB-C dongles in hand, ready for it to be assimilated into my home studio. Reply Bruce Skelly  2016-11-21 19:20 Yup, I've got an old Mac Book Pro 13" and can't find anything in Apple's current line up that I would want to buy to upgrade this old relic. Reply Wagner  2016-11-21 20:01 Great article, Adam. After much mulling, I've decided to keep using my mid-2012 13-inch mb pro for at least another year. The fact that I can do that even about 5 years in its life attests to how good that mb pro is. The new mb pro with the touch bar is pretty but far too expensive for what it would do for me. Reply Shahar Steiff  2016-11-22 00:56 Yup. I will stick with my 2014 MBP15 for now. I hope it survives until apple builds the MBP15 defined above. Meanwhile I only hope there will be a way to upgrade the 1TB SSD on my current MBP to 2TB. Honestly it has enough juice to handle my needs. An SD slot to d/l pictures from my camera. Two USD ports to change my iphone and ipad, as well as my fitness gear. Two thunderbolt ports to connect my backup raid and my external display (why did Apple discontinue that and didn't come up with a retina 27" external display???). And it fits well in my backpack when I unplug it all and take it for my frequent business travels. Reply Simon   2016-11-22 01:55 Sticking to my fully maxed out 2013 13" MBP for as long as I can. It's got a fast Core i7, a massive and super-speedy SSD, and a beautiful screen that gives me what used to be 20" resolution in a very sleek package. I don't mind the USB-C ports and the dongles/cables. I think that's the price to pay for progress. (Although Apple not even adding one USB-A to C dongle is just disgracefully cheap.) But I mind the fact that there's hardly substantial CPU progress (sure that's probably on Intel), substantially better battery lifetime (in fact it appears my 2013 13" does better), or lower cost. Let alone that my current 16 GB of RAM is still the limit - three years later! (sure, probably again Intel). But worst of all is that Apple has released the most expensive 13" MBP ever and the only really new thing about its design is a gimmicky OLED strip. To me a solution in search of a problem. Definitely not something I'll shell out several hundreds of Dollars for. Even less so, when the rest of the package is just so meh (at least compared to my 13" MBP from 2013). I guess one way of putting it positively, is to say that Apple has become victim to their own success. The 2013 13" MBP was such a well-engineered, well-spec'ed, and sturdy machine, I'll likely be able to use it for quite another while before I have to hand over any more money to Apple. And when I do it will probably be for USB-C/TB3 versatility alone. Reply Ex2bot  2016-11-23 13:15 Nothing wrong with your machine, but your SSD is a turtle compared to the flash storage in the new models. Reply Stephen Tiano  2016-11-22 07:26 For me, if form followed function, Apple would resurrect a 17" MacBook Pro. As a book designer, I find it both uncomfortable and inefficient to work on anything less. When my early 2009 machine goes, that'll be it for me and laptops, tho' I'll likely still have my iPad (right now an 3rd-gen). And I must admit that the MS Surface Pro looks interesting (too bad it's Windows). Who knows how I'll feel should it someday run Adobe CC, Quark, and their open-source alternatives. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 10:49 I was debating mentioning the 17-inch form factor. At MacTech Conference, I saw one company founder/CEO/serious geek still using it, and I've heard from other people who won't use anything else. Can you imagine how gorgeous a 17-inch Retina screen would be on a MacBook Pro? Reply Zoran Nesic  2016-11-22 20:53 If Apple did indeed resurrect the "lunch tray" MBP, I'd buy it sight unseen. I've had 2008 MBP 17" (HiRes 1920x1200, matte) and I still consider it to be the best Mac I've ever used. I now have rMBP 15" and was never really happy with it because of the screen. Yes, it looks great, but the effective screen real estate is way too small for me - 1440x900 HiDPI. I've been running it at max scaled resulution since I bought it, but it annoys me that in apps like Photoshop and iOS Simulator, 100% zoom level doesn't map image pixels to screen pixels 1:1. What would solve this for me is if Apple either: 1) make a MBP with 4k screen - 3840x2400 would work as 1920x1200 HiDPI, or 2) enable @1.5 backing scale factor, that would provide more screen real estate AND let Photoshop etc. map images to actual screen pixels. Sadly, I don't see Apple doing either. Reply Zoran Nesic  2016-11-22 20:51 [cont.] A company that (in)famously removed animation from Time Machine menubar icon in order to save some battery life, has no problem forcing MBP to compose virtual desktop at 3840x2400 and then downscale it to 2880x1800 @60fps. I was ready for an upgrade a month ago, but I'll skip. If the next top-of-the-line MBP doesn't have a 4k option, I'd have to either give up on Mac, or give up on laptops and go with a 5k iMac. Neither is really appealing to me right now. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-25 20:27 I loved my 2009 17" MBP. Unfortunately, it has passed on to the Apple graveyard...just will not boot up anymore. After taking it to an Apple Store (where the tech had to get "permission" to open such an "old, no longer supported" model), it appears to be a motherboard issue. And while I love it, it is not work paying the $600 or so (if memory serves) for a used mobo off of eBay. I do very much miss the matte screen on it though. That is the biggest gripe I have with my 15" rMBP (as well as my 11" MBA...also bummed they are ditching the 11" MBA)...the stupid glossy screen. Reflections are a serious pain. Reply David   2016-11-22 09:38 But isn't Apple doing exactly what you want, within their own confines? Allowing for the fact that they want each category to be as thin and light as it can be, and that Apple's definition of inexpensive/costly is not ours, they've got machines in each one of your categories. For your Macbook category, Apple has the Macbook Air, which is the lowest priced portable they offer and has multiple USB ports, an SD port, and a headphone jack. That's your student Mac right there. For your Macbook Air category, Apple has the Macbook, which is the smallest in size and weight, comes at a premium and has the performance for a busy executive. For your Macbook Pro category, Apple has the...Macbook Pro, which has multiple ports, high performance CPUs & GPUs, with the tradeoffs being a reduced battery life and a higher weight. Sure, which machine is in which category has shifted over time, but they've got one for each niche. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 11:01 I think this is the confusion that was inevitable by re-using Apple's names rather than coming up with completely new ones. Josh and I talked this through ahead of time, but I decided it was better to stick with the familiar names. The main problem I see with the MacBook Air for the "MacBook" category is that it's too expensive at a $1000 starting point. Apple dropping the $900 11-inch model made things worse. Once you make any build-to-order changes, it's bumping into the 12-inch MacBook in price, and probably beating it in performance. The 12-inch MacBook is, as I say in the article, pretty close to my "MacBook Air" category, but really needs more ports. The MacBook Pro models have two big problems with the "MacBook Pro" category, which is the lack of a variety of ports, forcing the use of lots of dongles and adapters, and an option to add more RAM beyond 16 GB. The tradeoffs Apple made to keep size and weight down hurt performance, connectivity, and expandability. And they could have a better keyboard if they weren't trying to keep it so small. Of course, there are also the older MacBook Pro models that are still for sale, but those suffer from being old technology as well, which raises the question of how long their useful lifespan will be. So right now, if you want to optimize for price, the 13-inch MacBook Air is your best bet, but it's the least expensive only by a very small amount. If you want to optimize for size, the 12-inch MacBook is the best bet, but it's so underpowered and overpriced (and port limited) that it's hard to differentiate from the 13-inch MacBook Air (and it was even harder when the 11-inch MacBook Air was still sold). And if you want to optimize for performance, you have to decide between five different MacBook Pro models that vary widely in age, specs, and price. Reply David   2016-11-22 12:23 Least expensive Macbook Air: $999 Least expensive Macbook: $1299 Least expensive Macbook Pro with TouchBar: $1799 That seems a fairly standard separation in price (once you start doing buy to order that changes things, but you have to do it for each, otherwise you end up saying the MacBook Air costs as much as the MacBook Pro) The Macbook analysis encapsulates my frustration with so much of the current discussion -- the language is of a catastrophic failing by Apple ("Apple no longer seems to understand how Mac users choose their machines"!) and the proposed solution is...1 more port on the Macbook, bumped performance, and a price cut of $99?! That doesn't speak of an Apple that doesn't understand what you want, but an Apple that sets the compromise line slightly further than you like. Same with the MacBook Pro -- the keyboard is still full-sized, if with somewhat less travel. Again -- the compromise line is a little further than you like, not catastrophe. (out of characters!) Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 15:42 I'm suggesting that the "MacBook" should be much cheaper than $1000 because it's serving a different audience. For instance, our school district last year bought every student in 5th grade and up a Dell Chromebook, which I believe are in the $200 range. I can't see Apple ever getting that low, but at $500 it's at least in the same ballpark. Before that, lots of students at Ithaca High had PC laptops because their parents weren't going to buy them Mac laptops due to the price. Frankly, I think that today's MacBook is a weak machine and always has been. The benchmarks don't match up to the MacBook Air, some people consider the keyboard to be unusable, and the single USB-C port is annoying at best, particularly if you were used to MagSafe. So improvements would be welcome, even if they don't have to be huge. And while the new MacBook Pros sound like decent machines for most people (Tonya's is still coming), I'm hearing from a lot of professionals who are unhappy with what Apple announced. I may not need more than 16 GB of RAM, but it's not my place to tell someone else that they don't need it for Premiere or AutoCAD or whatever. And when people who travel constantly say that dongles are a major headache for them, I'm not going to tell them they're wrong. For me, typing is key, like many others, and I wouldn't even consider one without testing the keyboard seriously. Any keyboard oddity, like less travel, is a big deal when you spend your days writing. It's one of the main reasons I don't consider the iPad in the slightest bit acceptable as a writing device. Reply David   2016-11-22 16:46 "I'm suggesting that the "MacBook" should be much cheaper than $1000 because it's serving a different audience. " Apple does not appear to agree with you; Apple appears to think that the Macbook Air is now its low end computer. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 16:48 Indeed. I never said Apple agreed with me. But the low end just got $100 more expensive with the dropping of the 11-inch MacBook Air. Reply David   2016-11-22 16:54 Yep -- and I have hard time seeing in that extremely minor price increase the foundation for an argument that Apple no longer has any idea what its customers want. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-25 20:37 I think the biggest aspect of Adam's "plan" that I like is that he proposing Apple stop with the "every laptop has t be thin and sexy as possible even at the expense of function" approach. I very much agree with that. While it is nice that the MBP is on the lighter side, I would have NO problem with it gaining a lb or maybe even 2 lbs if it meant more power, more RAM, and/or more battery under the hood (and maybe one USB-A port ). And on the low end side of things, no having it be as thin as possible would mean that it could be a little more "cost efficient" as computer tend to cost more to produce when you want them to be as thin as possible. So, that is the biggest reason that I like Adam's approach. He is not saying thin is not important, but rather it is the most important thing for only some users. For others, more power, more RAM, and/or more battery might be more important than having a wafer thin laptop. To me, Apple does not seem to get that...or at least that they might be picking a smaller market segment (i.e. I would argue that there are more wanna be MBP buyers who want more power, more RAM, and/or more battery than there are that place thin as possible as their top criteria). Reply Steve Nicholson  2016-11-22 11:35 That's funny. I just wrote a comment on Adam's previous post with some of the same concerns. The "thinner and lighter uber alles" mindset at Apple needs to be disrupted. I nominate Adam for Apple's new VP of hardware. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2016-11-22 12:08 I agree. Apple has lost sight of its users. Which suggests that, sooner or later, Mac users will lose sight of Apple. The MacBook Pro is no longer worthy of the name. As much as we love to hate Windows, there are many more options to choose from in the Microsoft ecosystem. It would be no trouble at all to find Windows laptops with the specs you recommend—absent the Thunderbolt ports—plus a touch screen. Apple is leaving many users with no option but to switch. The best line of Mac laptops were the unibody models, with abundant ports, a SuperDrive and relatively easy access for mods and upgrades. This included the last 17" MacBook Pro in 2011-12. They are still available on eBay. In the meantime, the new Microsoft Surface Studio is aimed directly at creative professionals who have been using iMacs up till now. Since Tim Cook denies Apple will build touch screen Macs, to all appearances the iMac has reached EOL. Oh no doubt there will be a few component upgrades. But a form factor adjustment is unlikely. Or unlikely to be enough to compete with the Surface Studio. Tim Cook lives in a bubble of his own devising, beyond the reach of ordinary users like us. He is not an engineer or a designer. So he is unable or unwilling to see that the engineers and designers, who are every bit as isolated as he is, are steering him, and Apple, wrong. It's Tim's conceit that he has surrounded himself with the best people. He is mistaken. Smart is not the same as wise. Nor does it equate with vision. He's oblivious to the fact that there are people, like Adam, who have been with Apple, albeit in a supportive role, longer than he has, people who know more about Apple and its users than he does. He cannot learn from his mistakes because he will not see that he's made them. He's like the three little monkeys who hear no, see no and speak no evil. Which is to say that he's deaf, dumb and blind. At least as far as the Mac is concerned. He lives in an iOS universe. The macOS and the Mac itself are tertiary concerns. Which probably explains why quality control in the software side of the business has declined so dramatically. Sorry for the rant. I'm too old to switch to Windows, but I'm not to old to mourn the failure of a once great business. Now Apple is just a big business, no longer a great one. Unfortunately, financial success has ruined them. Apple is no longer hungry. They're fat and complacent—and mediocre. Reply Scott Randell  2016-11-22 13:06 Adam, it is interesting that you posted these two articles about the state of the Mac today, I saw and read them just after I send you an e-mail about the fact that the storage module on the MacBook, and the TouchBar MacBook Pro are both soldered to the logic board so that if it goes bad (After Apple Care expires) the only fix is a complete logic board replacement. Now I know the PCI flash storage module going bad will not happen to the majority of users, but if you are the one it happens to you won't care about that. If I was in the market fora portable at this time. I would not take the chance on either one of these. Reply John B  2016-11-22 15:18 This is a good piece but keeping legacy ports around indefinitely is a recipe for stagnation. I'd rather see an included breakaway USB-C connector instead of Magsafe. I can see the case for keeping an SD slot I suppose. And I believe Apple's vision for truly low-cost computing is the iPad. However I agree that there should be a "performance first" MacBook. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-22 15:50 I do agree that there needs to be forward movement with ports, but we've had Thunderbolt 2 for how long now, with little uptake? At least Thunderbolt 3 is a superset of USB-C, and USB will likely remain used by most peripherals. Griffin has a USB-C adapter that gives you a breakaway port of sorts, but it has to stick out of the side, which isn't ideal. https://griffintechnology.com/us/breaksafe-magnetic-usb-c-power-cable It's not clear to me that a magnetic coupler can provide the necessary connections for things like Thunderbolt 3. And I agree that Apple's vision for low-cost computing is the iPad, but the cheapest iPad is still more than a Chromebook, and iPads simply aren't useful for a lot of what I see high school students needing to do. Reply Ex2bot  2016-11-23 13:29 I think the only reason iPads may not be useful to high school students is goofy, test prep / test websites that don't work with Mobile Safari. That's the fault of the websites. I wrote a 60,000 word book on the iPad software keyboard (now Scrivener!) & mobile Safari is good enough and compatibility is good enough at this point that I would have no reservations giving my daughter an iPad for high school. Really, she uses her phone mostly. The other thing holding iPads back is the misconception by some that the software keyboard is impractical and the vague misconception that iOS isn't a "full OS." iOS is about all I use anymore. I know there are niche applications for certain professionals that aren't well served by iOS devices, but they're narrowing over time. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-23 13:49 Writing and editing in Google Docs is a significantly worse experience on an iPad than on a Chromebook, and that's a lot of what we see going on in our son's school system. I'm in awe that you could write so much on the software keyboard without going mad. I find it vastly slower and clumsier than a real keyboard on a real computer, and that's just for short bits. Plus, the ergonomics are even worse than a laptop, which is already pretty bad. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-23 17:59 Seconded. I can do about a couple paragraphs (in say an email) on with on-screen iPad keyboard. Anything beyond that makes me start visualizing how well my iPad will work as a frisbee. Fortunately, I have yet to make the jump from visualizing to actually trying. Reply Ex2bot  2016-11-24 23:20 I think Google Docs' lack of proper functionality on iOS is deliberate on the part of Google since iOS is a competitor. If I was making tech decisions for a school, I'd at least evaluate iWork, which is also effectively free. I started with Pages and briefly dabbled with Word. I use Scrivener now. The iOS port of Scrivener (esp. on iPad Pro) is excellent overall. My situation is a little unusual. Due to a bad back, I can't sit in a straight-backed chair for more than about 45 minutes without lots of pain. So I have had to write from a recliner or bed. My typing and editing speeds are pretty good due to lots of practice and heavy use of prediction and autocorrect. I do have a wireless keyboard, but I've found the on-screen keyboard works better for me. Even if I was able to sit at a desk for extended periods, I would still use iOS devices most of the time. With the amount of reading I do, for example, an iPad is superior to a laptop. (By the way, Chromebooks. Ugh.) Reply Ex2bot  2016-11-24 23:31 OSK is all I ever use anymore. No joke. Still, I don't have to process massive amounts of text in a short time frame like Adam. If I did, I'd need a good, real keyboard. Reply stevecagan  2016-11-22 16:18 I'm a photographer and make long trips to South American rain forest areas. I have loved by mid-2010 17" MBP, but it's getting too creaky and Apple won't repair it. Finally settled for a 2015 15" MBP, but the loss of screen area for working away from home really hurts. Also, what was gained in lightness and thinness is lost because I have to carry external CD burner (where I go, you can't rely on the cloud, and many people don't use it) and adapters and hubs--it's lighter and thinner on the desk but not in my backpack. Too bad. I've been using Macs since 1985, so I appreciate the advances, but the current and recent models are a step back. Reply Tom  2016-11-22 17:19 Just got a new battery shipped for my late 2011 17" MBP. Somehwere along the line I also changed the original hard disk for an SSD. The fact that some gluemaker now makes a ton of money by sticking everything inside into one big unseparatable mess, is definitely a no go when you travel in third world countries and need someone to send you a replacement part. When you are in a barely lit camp in the middle of nowhere and the generator is humming to fill up your battery, the MBP, resting on a crooked makeshift table, has survived several times only because of MagSafe. None of the new MBP configurations inspire me. My current machine runs fast enough with its 8GB, Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign etc. All behave well. I guess Yosemite will be with me for a few more years. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-23 18:08 I think the proposed line up makes a lot of sense to me. And if you think about it, it basically mirrors the current desktop line up (assuming Apple keeps that line up going into the future). The only quibble I would have with it is the entry level price of the proposed "MacBook" model. I just don't see Apple selling a laptop for $500. And in many ways I don't blame them. Most $500 Windows laptops that I have laid hands on are pretty low quality in my opinion. They might have enough specs to work (that was very debatable when Vista was shipping with Windows computers), but just felt cheap even though they might have still be OK quality in reality (using Mac laptops tends to skew one's perception). I don't see Apple willing to compromise that much on perceived quality. Plus, $500 Windows laptop tend to be very low margin, which Apple has emphatically shown/stated/yelled is not a market they care to play in. I suspect the reasonable lowest they would even remotely consider would be about $700...maybe $600ish, but that is still likely pushing too far. Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-24 13:18 I chose $500 to challenge people to think about it, honestly, not because I really thought Apple will do it. The Mac mini sort of plays in that space (and used to more in the past), so it's not entirely unfamiliar to Apple, and thinking about such a laptop as being aimed at a high school student shows that it's not necessarily out of Apple's target audience either. Historically, a lot of people got their start with Macs in school, and that's happening less now as Chromebooks and iPads are used more and more in education. Since iPads don't tend to be primary machines in high school or college from what I've seen, not having a Mac for that market (like the old plastic MacBooks) might have longer term consequences. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-25 20:50 But the Mac mini is lacking a rather expensive component that a laptop must have...i.e. the screen. So, I could argue that when you add in the cost of a screen to a Mac mini, you are getting back to the more realistic "Apple price" that I mentioned of around $600 as the minimum. I can see the challenge, but I do kind of agree with Apple that chasing the "low cost is the most important factor" market is not a good idea. Beyond the fact the tablets can do what most people wanted a $500 wanted a computer to do, the other reason the computer companies have struggled is that the $500 or less computer market has really crappy margins. They could survive in that market for a while when they were selling a lot of those computers, but once tablets started to cannibalize that market, the big companies really started to struggle as they were not selling enough of those cheap computers to really over come the crappy margins. I might date myself, but when i was in college, Macs were every where in the computer labs. This was right around the time Windows 3.0 first came out, which to me was the first "real" version of Windows. And at that time, you could get a very good deal through the university for a Mac due to Apple really catering to the education market. Apple a while ago seemed to pull back from that kind of educational discount (I had an occasion many years ago to be at the "computer showcase" at my alma mater where students could buy computer and the Mac discount where not as good as when I was in school years before). Of course, with the advent of tablets being Apple's "low cost" computer (relatively speaking), this has kind of resulting in further pull back on Mac in the education market. Reply Andrew Miller  2016-11-24 01:58 When Steve Jobs came back to the company he cleared out a number of models that had proliferated in seemingly random fashion, much like what is discussed in this article about the current offerings. These were the days of the Performa line and the whole lineup was full of machines that made you wonder, "wait, how does that one differ from this one?" Jobs cleaned it up very quickly and made room for truly innovative machines to fill the void. Reply Charles Lenington  2016-11-24 15:37 What about the gamers, IE WoW Latest update requires a later processor and gpu Reply Jeff  2016-11-27 07:11 This article is exactly what I've been saying. I'm a new Mac user, on my first MBP model from 2013, and was looking to replace it after this announcement. I got completely disappointed and consider my current 3-year-old machine superior to the new models, so will not be downgrading to the 2016 models. Apple does not understand how I came to change from 15 years of using Windows machines to my first Mac. Here are the reasons I chose my MBP, and the 2016 model situation is in brackets: 1. had all of the ports I needed, my first computer ever that did (now not a single one of my devices natively plugs in) 2. MagSafe connector was brilliant (removed) 3. Retina screen (still there) 4. Fantastic keyboard (now compromised) 5. Easy and seamless integration with Airport Time Capsule (no new development on these anymore, essentially axed) So 4 of the 5 reasons why I switched to Mac have been eliminated going forward. Apple doesn't understand me and I'll switch back to PC. Reply Ash  2016-11-28 08:54 I've just been shopping for a new laptop and you hit the nail on the head -- lots of very similar models, none of which are very compelling. I have a great retina iMac but need something I can travel with. Should this be an iPad Pro with a keyboard, a Macbook, a Macbook Air 13", or a Macbook Pro 13"? All of those devices overlap substantially, all of them are expensive, and none of them offers a particularly good value proposition. Reply Simon   2016-11-28 10:04 How about a last-gen 13" MBP? It will be inexpensive (especially compared to the new MBP), it will offer a great screen, great battery life, and ample power (if you can get an i7 version). The only thing you'll really be giving up on (apart from gimmicks) is TB3 and the faster SSD. You can ask yourself if you really need TB3 now (if you need it later, you could always sell this one and buy a newer model once you really need TB3). When it comes to the SSD, the question is if you really need more than ~1 GB/s now. Although the new SSDs are crazy fast, the previous gen was by no means a slouch. Reply Ash  2016-11-29 05:23 That's great advice, Simon. This laptop is going to supplement a very fast and capable iMac, so the SSD speed is a luxury upgrade not a requirement. Reply Steven Oz   2016-11-29 01:28 It's like you read my thoughts again, Adam! My first Mac was in 1985, so I've had a train of them. It's so weird that Apple doesn't know what to do with the Mac for professionals. Tim Cook needs to read your article to get his head screwed on straight again. Reply Allan Blake  2016-11-29 16:58 I miss the 17" screen size too, the 15" is not usable for many applications. I use 2 monitors and recently purchased the LG 5K external monitor designed for the new MacBook Pro along with the 15" MacBook Pro. I would have preferred a 17" and would have paid significantly more for it. Going from my old 17" to my current 15" laptop was a definite downgrade in usability. I suggest the ecosystem encompass items that have lower sales rates, including the 17". A niche market, but a loyal one. The expensive watches represent a niche market, why not cater to longstanding Apple users who need tools for productivity? I don't need a gold watch, but larger screen real estate is vital to day-to-day functions. This solves problems. I like when Apple focuses on empowering the individual with powerful tools. A gold watch is off-purpose and goes more to high end branding. Still, it sounds OK to me, but not if supplanting useful tools in the supply chain. Reply Simon   2016-12-03 02:44 So I would have thought that before Apple releases a new "pro" portable Mac for $2400+ they might test it with "pro tasks". Examples might be running pro software (such as Adobe Premier) or running the MBP with two external displays. Naively you might think during such testing they would discover readily apparent software/hardware GPU issues related to performing typical "pro" tasks on this "pro" Mac. And then they'd fix these issues before launch so that pro users could do pro work after shelling out pro $$$ instead of wasting time on the phone or at an Apple store. Think again. http://www.macrumors.com/2016/12/02/new-macbook-pro-graphics-issues/ Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Dismayed by Apple’s direction with the new MacBook Pro models? You’re far from alone. Either way, Adam Engst feels that Apple needs to rethink its laptop lineup to provide models that optimize for each of price, size, and performance. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Report: Apple is Getting Out of the Router Business by Karl Bode Monday Nov 21 2016 16:10 EST Apple is getting out of the wireless router hardware business, according to a new report over at Bloomberg. Anonymous sources tell the news outlet that Apple has been shutting down its wireless router team over the past year, shifting company engineers to other product development groups including the team working on Apple TV. The closure of the unit is part of a larger overall shift by Apple to refocus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue. The report notes that Apple hasn't refreshed its router lineup since 2013, and the product line had consistently fallen behind other products in the same price point. tags: business · hardware · wireless · Apple News Jump FTC Sues D-Link for Poorly Secured Routers, CamerasThursday Morning Links T-Mobile CEO Rekindles Sprint Merger SpeculationT-Mobile Simplifies Unlimited Data Plans, To Credit Unused DataCharter CEO Claims Fat Cable Bundles Are Going NowhereReport: Rupert Murdoch Advising Trump on FCC Boss PickForum Topic: Apple Sued For Fatal FaceTime Auto AccidentThursday Morning Links AT&T to Conduct 5G Trials Using DirecTV Now Streaming ServiceISP Lobbyists Quickly Move to Gut New Broadband Privacy Rules----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 70 comments TIGERON join:2008-03-11 Boston, MA TIGERON Member 2016-Nov-21 4:17 pm No more Airport Extreme That's really too bad. I was hoping that Apple would eventually come out with a touchscreen version. · actions · 2016-Nov-21 4:17 pm · acadiel Press fire to begin Premium Member join:2002-06-22 AtlantaApple AirPort Express (2012) Apple AirPort Extreme (2013) ARRIS SB6183 acadiel Premium Member 2016-Nov-21 6:25 pm Gonna miss these These devices just worked. They worked well. The Macs were able to backup to Time Machine while in low power mode and I believe there were some other special functions (wake on demand, Bonjour proxy, airplay audio, etc) that they supplied that just aren't there for other devices. Makes you wonder how people are going to do audio streaming to stereos; I can see the aftermarket prices for Airport Expresses going up if they really do quit selling them. I have three older units in place simply to do audio streaming. · actions · 2016-Nov-21 6:25 pm · dplantz join:2000-08-02 Roslindale, MA dplantz Member 2016-Nov-21 7:12 pm I am not happy with this decision I have Airport Extremes deployed in 3 States working flawlessly. I love that they just work. Finding a good replacement once they die will be a chore. I also love how small they are compared to other roughers out there. · actions · 2016-Nov-21 7:12 pm · Uncle Paul join:2003-02-04 USA Uncle Paul Member 2016-Nov-21 4:26 pm Backups Wonder where that leaves their wireless backup solutions? · actions · 2016-Nov-21 4:26 pm · mlcarson join:2001-09-20 Lompoc, CA mlcarson Member 2016-Nov-21 5:09 pm Apple router -- who's going to miss it? Why in the world would anybody want an Apple router? Routers are really commodity hardware in the consumer market. If Apple devices aren't working reliably on commodity hardware then I'd look at the Apple device rather than the router. Apple loves doing things their own way and the heck with standards. · actions · 2016-Nov-21 5:09 pm · How about .. Details on Google's New Pixel Smartphones Leak Verizon Users See iPhone 7 LTE Connection Issues Apple Issues Patch to Fix Verizon iPhone 7 Connection Issues Significantly Faster WiFi Set to Arrive Next Year So, What Exactly is Millimeter Wireless? Networking 101: The Network Printer Wireless Basics: Understanding 900 MHz FTC Sues D-Link for Poorly Secured Routers, Cameras News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Friday, 06-Jan 20:52:35 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple offers free battery replacement for iPhone 6s with unexpected shutdown issue – CNET Posted on November 21, 2016 by CNET The iPhone 6s. Sarah Tew. Apple announced Sunday that it’s now offering a free battery replacement for iPhone 6s handsets that have power issues. As report by WSJ, the announcement came after reports that some iPhone 6s handsets would … Apple Inc. Might Be Preparing for Blowout iPhone Sales in Fiscal 2018Motley Fool Apple faces a ‘decade-long malaise,’ says analystCNBC Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocatesBGR 9 to 5 Mac -ZDNet -NBCNews.com -Washington Post all 320 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple offers free iPhone 6S battery replacement – CNET Posted on November 21, 2016 by CNET Apple says a small number of iPhone 6S devices may unexpectedly shut down. Sarah Tew/CNET. Apple is offering a free battery replacement for iPhone 6S handsets that have power issues. On Sunday, the tech giant launched a support program after reports … Apple Inc. Might Be Preparing for Blowout iPhone Sales in Fiscal 2018Motley Fool Apple faces a ‘decade-long malaise,’ says analystCNBC Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocatesBGR 9 to 5 Mac -ZDNet -Washington Post -NBCNews.com all 320 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Networking Apple kills wireless routers: Here are the alternatives for professionals and SMBs According to a Bloomberg report, Apple is shuttering the division responsible for its AirPort routers. Here are some other options to consider. By Conner Forrest | November 21, 2016, 12:22 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Dong Ngo/CNET On Monday, Bloomberg reported that Apple has officially shuttered the team responsible for its line of wireless routers. The report cited "people familiar with the matter," and noted that Apple had completed this process over the past year. It seems, though, that the engineers on the team were simply reassigned to other areas of the company. According to the report, employees were moved to other divisions that are more central to Apple's core product offerings, like the Apple TV. Apple, like many other tech companies, is known for updating its core products on a fairly frequent, set schedule. However, as noted by the report, some of the models in its router line up, like the AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule, haven't been updated since 2013. The AirPort Express Base Station hasn't been updated since 2012. SEE: Apple iCloud: The smart person's guide According to the report, the routers are part of Apple's "other products" on its financial report, and only contribute to about 5% of sales overall. Earlier this year, Apple also killed off its external monitor business, instead partnering with LG to produce the LG UltraFine 5K Display to work with its new 2016 MacBook Pro. So, it's possible that Apple may be courting another vendor to build a similar offering. More about Networking Why Google Fiber failed: 5 reasons 10 mistakes to avoid when troubleshooting IT problems PowerShell: The smart person's guide Remote access policy (Tech Pro Research) If you are a professional who works remotely and relies on an Apple router, or if you are part of a small business that uses one, it is important to realize that Apple will likely discontinue support for these devices. Even if it continues supporting the routers for now, Apple considers certains devices "vintage" after five years and "obsolete" after seven years, which means that many of the routers will have limited support available in the next few years either way. It is also important to consider that many of these devices are still for sale in Apple retail locations around the world, so keep that in mind if you are in the market for a new wireless router. However, there were some reports in May 2016 that Apple had pulled the AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule from many store in the US. If you want to avoid the potential lack of support with discontinued Apple routers, there are other options available that might provide better support and performance. For more standard routers, the Synology RT1900ac, the Asus RT-AC88U, and the Linksys WRT1900ACS are all options to consider. Another option would be to use one of the new mesh routers, which use multiple access points to create a wireless mesh network for your home or business. In November, Google announced its foray into the market with the Google Wi-Fi router, but the Eero Wi-Fi system, the Luma Wi-Fi system, and Netgear's Orbi are also worth checking out. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Bloomberg reported that Apple has closed the division responsible for its AirPort wireless routers, meaning that consumers likely won't see another update to the line. Apple recently stopped production on its external monitors, instead partnering with LG to produce one for the new MacBook Pro, which could be the direction it takes with routers. The potential lack of support may mean that professionals and small businesses who currently use Apple routers may need to explore other options available to them. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You can Use newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple's new MacBook Pro: 4 things professionals need to know (TechRepublic) All of Apple's portable Macs since 1984 (ZDNet) Is the 32GB iPhone 7 really slower? Confusion abounds with the latest Apple controversy (TechRepublic) Apple's Mac future resides in the cloud (ZDNet) IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Interviewing guidelines policy Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Gaming 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Ben Stegner Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Android Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: What Is Software Vendor Lock-In? (And How to Avoid It) Technology Explained What Is Software Vendor Lock-In? (And How to Avoid It) Bertel King, Jr. November 21, 2016 21-11-2016 7 minutes What Is Software Vendor Lock-In? (And How to Avoid It) Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Vendor lock-in is when a customer is dependent on a certain product and can’t switch. This is rampant in the software industry, across desktops and mobile devices alike. As we conduct more of our lives on computers, this leads to real restrictions on our freedoms. Vendor lock-in isn’t always obvious. Sometimes you aren’t aware until you’re in too deep. Many of us recognize vendor lock-in on desktops, but what’s it like on phones? Let’s take a look at how this practice takes shape on PCs, mobile devices, and in the web. Then we can decide what we’re going to do about it. On Desktops PCs involve many players, but two main ones: there are the companies that make operating systems, and then there are those that offer software on top. Both have incentives to lock you in, but they go about doing so in different ways. Let’s start with Windows. Not too long ago, it wouldn’t be too big a stretch to assume everyone you knew also used this OS. You can argue that this is because Windows is the best thing out there, but even if it were, it’s not that much better. So what gives? Ads by Google Microsoft has long used vendor lock-in to grow and maintain its customer base. The company encourages people to use Windows by enticing them and making it hard to switch away. The U.S. Department of Justice and the European Union have each taken Microsoft to court for bundling certain software with Windows. They argued that this discouraged people from checking out other products — but both cases resulted in minor changes that did little to eliminate the overall practice. The Justice Department investigation found a strategy of “embrace, extend, and extinguish“. This tactic worked against browsers, instant messengers, and development tools alike. Microsoft Office is so prevalent in businesses and schools that we often have to buy the product. For years, this was the only way to open and share DOC or DOCX files without problems — open source alternatives could not, and still cannot, guarantee 100% compatibility (though these days they are most of the way there Is LibreOffice Worthy of the Office Crown? Is LibreOffice Worthy of the Office Crown? LibreOffice is the king of free office suites. It's unlikely to replace Microsoft Office in a business environment, but it's an excellent alternative for casual users. Here's what's new in LibreOffice 5.1. Read More ). Microsoft doesn’t want to help because the wide adoption of its own formats is a core part of its business. And these days Office isn’t only a product you can buy, but a monthly subscription How to Manage Your Office 365 Subscription How to Manage Your Office 365 Subscription Getting to grips with Office 365? Make sure you're in complete control of your account and subscription settings with this guide. Read More . Microsoft isn’t the only one. Apple develops plenty of software specifically for iMacs and MacBooks A Complete Guide to Default Mac Apps and What They Do A Complete Guide to Default Mac Apps and What They Do Your Mac comes with a lot of apps for all sorts of tasks, but you may still be confused by what they do or whether you actually need some of them Read More , and the hope is that you will continue to buy Apple computers to keep using these programs. Unlike Windows, you can’t even install macOS on non-Apple machines, limiting your options to a single manufacturer if you want to use it. Many third-party software vendors try to lock you in as well. Once you’ve grown dependent on using a certain application for managing projects, designing a building, or logging employee hours, you’re unlikely to switch to another program if you can’t take your data with you. Companies can then increase prices over time, confident that most customers will have no choice but to continue paying. On Cloud Services Cloud services free us from being dependent on specific devices. The catch? We’re trading one master for another. A cloud service stops being useful the second our internet connection dies — and that’s only the beginning. When we shift data from our own computers to the cloud, we give someone else ownership over those files. Whoever maintains those remote servers gains control over our information. That means they decide when we can access our own data and what we can do with it. Since many cloud services don’t let us export data, this is an even more extreme form of vendor lock-in. Not only is it difficult to to transfer data between services — it often isn’t even possible. Plus we have no guarantees that what we’re currently using will be available tomorrow. Remember Copy? It was a Dropbox alternative that shut down earlier this year. Despite that, the makers are still trying to sell you on adopting another cloud service. To make matters worse, companies now make products that don’t work without cloud services. A FitBit bracelet is useless without the accompanying web interface. An Amazon Echo is just a black cylinder if you lose access to Amazon’s servers. Nest, Samsung, and others are making smart home gadgets that aren’t that smart without access to their cloud-based apps 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend A lot of smart home products seem cool at first glance, but there are issues and downsides that you should be aware of -- problems that might turn you off from the whole concept altogether. Read More . For an example, think back to Revolv. Google’s products are free to use and many of its services let us export our data Google Takeout: Download All Your Google Data Google Takeout: Download All Your Google Data Read More , and that’s great, but the company’s long-term plan remains hooking us to its ecosystem. Newer Google products require using the company’s other offerings. Unlike Google Search, Google Assistant isn’t very useful if you don’t also use Gmail, Calendar, Maps, or YouTube, for example. On Mobile Devices Smartphone apps occupy the space between traditional desktop software and cloud services — and many are even cloud services packaged in a more convenient form. Either way, they stop being useful the moment your phone starts roaming. But even when apps work offline, you can lose that software if you switch phone ecosystems. This keeps many iPhone owners from switching to Android, and the other way around. Don’t expect either Apple or Google to make transitioning any easier. Neither wants you switching platforms. Apple wants you so addicted to its iPhones that you continue buying each new model What It Would Take for This Apple Fan to Switch to Android What It Would Take for This Apple Fan to Switch to Android There's a reason I'm using an iPhone instead of an Android. Here's what could make me switch. Read More . Google doesn’t care so much about selling phones as it does about keeping you in its ecosystem. Either way, the result is the same: swapping phones is bad for business. That’s not to say that switching from Windows to Mac is easy, because Microsoft and Apple don’t want you doing that either. But on desktops, no one company has as much control over what you install on your machine. Google and Apple not only determine what apps are in their app stores, they have a record of every app you download to your phone. Say what you will about privacy on Windows Everything You Need to Know About Windows 10's Privacy Issues Everything You Need to Know About Windows 10's Privacy Issues While Windows 10 has some issues that users need to be aware of, many claims have been blown out of proportion. Here's our guide to everything you need to know about Windows 10's privacy issues. Read More , but at least Microsoft doesn’t instantly know if you’ve downloaded Steam or VLC. How to Avoid Vendor Lock-In Once you’re locked in, there’s nothing you can do to easily free yourself. The process is going to take a bit of your time. It may even cost you money. But your eyes are open now, and you know you don’t want this to happen again. What can you do? Before investing in a new app or service, check to see if you can export your data. After that, confirm if alternatives exist. Have a backup plan in case an application goes away or heads in an undesirable direction. Consider using free and open source software 5 Reasons Why Software Should Be Free and Open Source 5 Reasons Why Software Should Be Free and Open Source Free software doesn't just mean you get to use the app or game without paying. It's about longevity and much more -- in fact, all software should be free and open source! Read More . These are programs that are not only free, but if you have the skills, you can download the code to use as you wish. If a developer adds restrictions, someone else can release an identical application without them. For more peace of mind, install an open source operating system. You can do this by switching to Linux The Best Linux Distros for First Time Switchers from Windows and Mac The Best Linux Distros for First Time Switchers from Windows and Mac Linux has an intimidating image, making it seem like it would be difficult to start using it. But the switch from Windows and Mac is actually pretty easy, if you can ease yourself into it. Read More  or one of the other free options for your PC 3 UNIX-Like Operating Systems That Aren't Linux 3 UNIX-Like Operating Systems That Aren't Linux Recently, people started to confuse "UNIX" with "Linux." Linux was influenced by UNIX, but UNIX systems have no relation to Linux. Here are some important UNIX-based systems worth knowing about. Read More . Hosting your own server sounds complicated, but it isn’t that hard to do How To Set Up A Home Server With Amahi [Linux] How To Set Up A Home Server With Amahi [Linux] Read More . Look for cloud services that let you transfer their online interface to your own machine. Sandstorm is one option that lets you chat, store files, edit documents, create Trello-style lists, and more. Newcomers can set up instances on other people’s servers. Technical folks can spin up their own. Unfortunately, you have to accept vendor lock-in if you want to use most popular mobile apps. Even if you don’t care about those, your options are few. Installing a custom ROM What Is Rooting? What Are Custom ROMs? Learn Android Lingo What Is Rooting? What Are Custom ROMs? Learn Android Lingo Ever had a question about your Android device, but the answer had a bunch of words in it that you didn't understand? Let us break down the confusing Android lingo for you. Read More and getting apps from F-Droid Want to Rid Yourself of the Android Play Store? Kiss Google Goodbye and Try F-Droid Want to Rid Yourself of the Android Play Store? Kiss Google Goodbye and Try F-Droid Did you know that Android allows the installation of app stores other than the Play Store? You might already use apps from the Amazon Appstore and GetJar—but you probably never heard that a completely free,... Read More gives you control, but you’re still stuck on Android. Rival platforms such as Ubuntu Phone 5 Reasons to Switch to Ubuntu Phone 5 Reasons to Switch to Ubuntu Phone You're sick of Android and iOS - you want a new mobile experience, one that isn't tainted by Microsoft, or the failing BlackBerry. What you need is Ubuntu Phone! Read More  are slow to get off the ground. Firefox OS had some success, but it’s no longer a commercial option Firefox OS Is Not Dead: Here's Why You Should Try It Firefox OS Is Not Dead: Here's Why You Should Try It Firefox OS is still alive, existing now as a mobile OS called B2G. So does Mozilla's abandoned mobile operating system have a future? And why would anyone pick it over Android or iOS? Read More . And frankly, both provide only a marginally more open experience. Modern mobile OSes are far more restrictive than what people had on the Nokia N900 six years ago. Don’t Let Vendor Lock-In Keep You Down Avoiding vendor lock-in means doing without certain applications or services, but you can adjust. Once you do, you will have more control over your computing. What vendors or products would you say are especially guilty of vendor lock-in? What alternatives did you find? What tips can you share from the experience? Others are waiting to learn from you in the comments below! Image Credits: nelik/Shutterstock, Dan Kosmayer/Shutterstock Previous PostWhy the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway?Next Post3 Common Mistakes That’ll Damage or Ruin Your Motherboard 4 comments Write a Comment Dave Clark November 28, 2016 at 2:23 am Is it lock-in when no alternatives measure up? In other words, is it lock-in when you have to use and/or pay for the "house" software because the alternatives jut don't do it for you? I'll use Irfanview and CCleaner all day, but when it comes to office software, I find fewer teeth-clenching moments with Microsoft than the free alternatives. That's not to say that I'm all-kinds-of-thrilled with any software shoved down my throat for any reason, and Microsoft Office does get psycho at times. As soon as I find a free alternative to office software that works for me, buh-bye Bill Gates. Reply Bertel King, Jr. December 2, 2016 at 6:16 pm That sounds more like a matter of personal preference than vendor lock-in. Reply likefunbutnot November 21, 2016 at 6:15 pm Android is at least technically an open system, in that its underpinned by the Android Open Source Project (AOSP), which is completely free to use. Amazon is an alternative provider for a high quality App Marketplace for AOSP devices. Another area that doesn't get much attention on PCs is gaming. I don't like Steam, but I know a lot of gamers who won't buy or run a title unless it's distributed that way. Too much of PC gaming at this point relies on the goodwill and continued operation of Valve and I don't think that's OK, especially when there's no workable non-Valve option to access one's purchases. To be shut out of that service is almost to be removed from PC gaming. There are other options, but they're either vendor specific or nearly afterthoughts when compared to the giant in that space. This is almost tragic, especially since gamers willingly gave up the freedom they had prior to the release of Steam as a service. Reply Bertel King, Jr. November 22, 2016 at 4:14 am You're right. I'm not much of a PC gamer these days, and this is one reason I don't get back into it. I don't feel comfortable stockpiling a bunch of games that I don't actually own. And as a Linux user, there are even fewer alternative options. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Bertel King, Jr. 126 articles Bertel writes from a Linux-powered laptop and tends to enjoy budget smartphones more than flagships. When he isn't posting short stories for MakeUseOf, you might find him penning the fictional kind. Otherwise, look for him reading pixels that were converted to ink and paper. You can reach him on Google+… Advertisement Latest Giveaways UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway James Bruce January 3, 2017 03-01-2017 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Trending 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Gaming 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Ben Stegner January 4, 2017 04-01-2017 Free Games for PS Plus & Xbox Live in January 2017 Gaming Free Games for PS Plus & Xbox Live in January… Ben Stegner January 3, 2017 03-01-2017 The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing Insurance Fraud Buying Guides The Best Dash Cams of the New Year for Crushing… Moe Long January 2, 2017 02-01-2017 Advertisement Related Articles How to Access Hotmail and Outlook on Your Android Device Android How to Access Hotmail and Outlook on Your Android Device Andy Betts January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Nook vs. Kindle: Which Is Best for You? Buying Guides Nook vs. Kindle: Which Is Best for You? Dann Albright January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Outsource Your Wallpaper to Create a Stunning Dynamic Desktop Creative Windows Outsource Your Wallpaper to Create a Stunning Dynamic Desktop Gavin Phillips January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Gaming 10 Useful Xbox One Settings You May Have Missed Ben Stegner Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Android Android Nougat’s Quick Shortcuts Save You Time Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free Dave Parrack November 21, 2016 21-11-2016 2 minutes Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Apple isn’t exactly known for its generosity. On the contrary, the company is known for its premium pricing strategy. However, Apple is finally giving something away for free. Unfortunately, it’s just a replacement battery for your failing iPhone 6s. Over the last few months people have been complaining that the battery on their iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Review and Giveaway iPhone 6s Review and Giveaway Spoiler alert: if you like iPhones, you’re probably going to love the iPhone 6s. But are you really surprised? Read More is FUBAR. This is causing their handsets to shut down unexpectedly without any warning. Reports suggest the batteries are fine until they reach 50-60 percent, at which point the phone dies. Apple has now published an official support document regarding the issue. The company maintains this issue is limited to “a very small number” of iPhones “within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015”. If you have encountered this problem then Apple is offering to replace the battery on your iPhone 6s completely for free. We’ll just repeat that last part so that it properly sinks in… “completely for free”. I know! Bob’s Your Metaphorical Uncle All you need to do is visit your nearest Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider. They will check your device’s serial number to confirm you’re eligible to receive a replacement battery, and Bob’s your metaphorical uncle. There is, however, one caveat which could mean you’re still out of pocket: Ads by Google “If your iPhone 6s has any damage such as a cracked screen which impairs the replacement of the battery, that issue will need to be resolved prior to the battery replacement. In some cases, there may be a cost associated with the repair.” Getting Touchy Over Touch Disease The company appears to have been spurred into action by a request from The China Consumers Association, which asked Apple to investigate reports of iPhones shutting down unexpectedly. So it appears that if you want something sorted quickly, get China to complain about it. This speedy response to complaints, and subsequent offer to fix the problem for free stands in stark contrast to Apple’s handling of Touch Disease The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] Apple has a serious iPhone problem, Google hates interstitials like the rest of us, Woz likes his headphone jack, Adult Swim brings ToeJam & Earl back, and what happens when the Pokemon fight back? Read More . The company maintains that’s completely down to user error (caused by people dropping their phones), so it’s charging $149 for repairs Apple Will Fix Your iPhone's Touch Disease... for $150 Apple Will Fix Your iPhone's Touch Disease... for $150 Apple has finally admitted that Touch Disease is a real problem. Unfortunately, it's blaming iPhone users for dropping their handsets, and charging them $150 for repairs! Read More . Has your iPhone 6s started shutting down unexpectedly? Will you be seeking a free replacement battery? Should Apple have handled the Touch Disease issue differently? Do you think Apple hardware issues are becoming more common? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: Ivan Bandura via Flickr Previous PostUse a Simple Budget App to Streamline Your FinancesNext PostYou Can Now Stream 4K Netflix on Windows 10 5 comments Write a Comment Robert Slackware November 27, 2016 at 9:22 pm my iphone 4S does the same thing below 60%. I am at a loss how a cracked screen hinders access to the battery though. Unless you poor glue through the crack to stop it from getting bigger. Reply Robert Slackware November 27, 2016 at 9:07 pm My Iphone 4S has the same problem. once you hit 60% you have no phone without a plug. Reply Andrew Tanguay November 23, 2016 at 8:56 pm I had this problem for a while...anything under about 50% and it would shut down. Luckily I had AppleCare and they just swapped me out. Whew. Reply Maz November 22, 2016 at 8:44 pm Can't verify this information but this was on reddit: Eligible iPhone 6s serial numbers will have these characters in the 4th and 5th position: Q4 Q5 Q6 Q7 Q8 Q9 QC QD QF QG QH Reply jay November 22, 2016 at 12:38 pm Nice post, love it Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1626 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis January 6, 2017 06-01-2017 Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway Teclast TBook 16 Pro Hybrid Dual-Boot Tablet Review and Giveaway James Bruce January 3, 2017 03-01-2017 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple launches repair program for unexpected shutdown issues on iPhone 6s By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 16 Comments Apple on Monday announced a new repair program to address issues where “a very small number” of iPhone 6s devices manufactured between September and October 2015 may unexpectedly shut down. The issue is apparently caused by a faulty battery, which Apple will replace free of charge if your iPhone 6s is affected. The program covers affected iPhone 6s batteries for three years after the first retail sale of the unit and may restrict or limit repair to the original country of purchase. “Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down,” reads the support document. Wireless carrier partners are not participating in this global program. You will need to visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider to have your device’s serial number checked before your free battery replacement is authorized. Your phone will be examined prior to the service to verify that it’s not damaged and the screen is not shattered. If the screen is cracked or other damage impairs the replacement of the battery, “that issue will need to be resolved prior to the battery replacement,” the firm notes. If you already paid to replace your battery, you can contact Apple about a refund. To prepare your iPhone 6s for service, first back up your data to iTunes or iCloud, then turn off Find my iPhone in Settings → iCloud and erase data and settings in Settings → General → Reset → Erase all Content and Settings. “Please call your service provider to confirm that battery replacement service is available on the day you visit them,” notes Apple. Just last week, Apple issued a worldwide replacement program for the iPhone 6 Plus units affected by the “Touch Disease” issue which causes the display to flicker and lose touch sensitivity. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple: more iPhone 6s units suffering from random shutdowns, software update may fix it Apple: unexpected iPhone 6s battery shutdowns caused by a manufacturing issue Here is how to find out if your iPhone 6s is eligible for a free battery replacement Korean watchdog may launch investigation into iPhone 6s shutdowns Related Topics Apple, iPhone, iPhone 6s, Issue, News, Support Lhu I bought my iPhone 6s on November 1st 2015, would that be eligible for this repair program? askep3 Im assuming only if you are experiencing the issues. The exact date doesn’t matter, just go in and have them check the serial number. leart not bought, manufactured. put your serial here: sndeep point info and find the production date leart mine is from november 2015.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8e239741deaab03309e2034f2010fe340948e701f145c1c987560019e791c690.png Ricky Does the iPhone 6s plus eligible? Mine will shut off randomly at 17% Mr_Coldharbour Yes it is eligibile. In fact mine did shut down randomly before but not anymore. However, my battery capacity is showing signs of wear. Sometimes it’s fine at 95% overall capacity (which is normal for an almost 1yr phone), and sometimes it drops to 84% overall capacity which isn’t normal, and it fluctuates. Even the battery percentage does fluctuate quite a bit sometimes it even goes up. My last battery calibration was a little over a month ago. This is clearly a sign of a defective battery. Took mine in a few days ago just a day before this replacement announcement and they said if it persists then I can bring it in for a battery or full replacement. Keith S I wish I had read this before I bought my battery from iFixIt last night. Gregory D Foster I think they said they’d reimburse you if you’d replaced your battery? Keith S Right, but through them. I purchased the battery through iFixit and was going to do it myself. Gregory D Foster Ah. Gotcha. Debayan Goswami Nice to see apple taking the responsibility of replacing the batteries! I am waiting for my iphone to have a new battery as well! Loops I have a jailbroken 6s… I dont want to lose my JB. is there a way to hide my JB? Keith S me too, they don’t care because it’s a recall. They went to replace the battery and broke my battery tabs, so they said they’ll give me a brand new 6S, to which I replied: “Hell no.” Dave Can you elaborate on this? Was your phone jail broken when you brought it in? Did they care or did you just wipe it on a jail breakable firmware? TeddyBearStand Mine was having this issue, with my battery capacity at about 85%. Got a full replacement (apple remanufactured) for free– before this recall started. jonny My screen has a very noticeable scratch but it’s not cracked… will I need to get that fixed?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Twelve South’s new HiRise Duet simultaneously charges iPhone/iPad and Apple Watch By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 10 Comments Twelve South’s versatile HiRise accessory is among the best stands I’ve used for charging my iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices. Recently, it’s gotten even better with an overhauled version sporting refined looks, reduced footprint and increased stability with larger iOS devices. But what if you own an iPhone and an Apple Watch and need a stand that can charge both devices at the same time? That’s exactly what HiRise Duet does for you. In fact, it’s the first dual charging stand that powers up your Apple Watch in Nightstand mode. A $119.99 purchase gets you a fully assembled stand with an integrated Lightning connector for iPhone, a built-in magnetic charging disc for your Apple Watch and a single AC power cable to charge both devices simultaneously. As a bonus, you get a bunch of international wall plugs. The Duet weighs one pound, or as much as three iPhone 7’s, so it won’t get dragged across the nightstand from the weight of the power cord like plastic stands tend to. The accessory should look great on your desk withs its accented soft layer of premium napa leather and rubberized bottom to keep it firmly in place on your nightstand or desk. It’s 3.75-inch square space-saving footprint is smaller than most single chargers and it supports charging the watch in Nightstand mode. Simply wrap the band of your watch around the Duet’s base, set your iPhone on the Lightning post and you can hit the bed knowing you’ll wake to two fully charged devices. Previous HiRise stands required manual assembly and you had to route the cables out of them. Thankfully, the Duet has much improved cable management. As mentioned, this charging stand ships fully assembled with all of the connectors and cables already in place. Twelve South estimates that the included cables, connectors and plugs would set you back under $200 if purchased separately from Apple so this is something to keep in mind when making an informed purchasing decision. “Competitively, Apple’s own Watch charging stand is $80 while Belkin’s dual charging station is $10 more and does not support nightstand mode,” says the firm. If you have a non-iPhone iOS device, you’ll be pleased to know that the Duet has been crafted to also work with the original iPad mini, iPad mini 4, 9.7-inch iPad Pro, in addition to any iPhone model from the iPhone 5s onward. Thanks to the rear support that slides back and forth, you can adjust the stand to fit the dimensions of your device or accommodate phones in protective cases or minimal shells. Twelve South claims the Duet works with most cases and sleeves, including its own BookBook case. The HiRise Duet is available in Space Gray-like colorway and can be purchased for $119.99 a pop. If you’re interested in other solutions from Twelve South, be sure to check out the Fermata, a gorgeous stand that holds and charges your headphones [Review]. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Twelve South launches updated HiRise 2 stand for iPhone and iPad Pod Pro review: the portable Apple Watch & iPhone battery dock Twelve South unveils ‘TimePorter,’ a travel tote and portable charging stand for Apple Watch This clever adapter makes your MacBook or iPad charger sit flush against the wall Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Apple Watch, Charger, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Stand, Twelve South oo.p $120. lol therealjjohnson Man what?!? LMAO! Its nice and all…but sh!t Jamessmooth $120! Kudos for them trying to reason the price and all but nope. Blip dude LMAO, as Apple products weren’t already expensive enough. While this does look nice and may make my desk tidier, this particular “eye-candy” is not worth $120. Nhân Phan 12S is the Apple of phone accessories lmao James G WANT Agneev Mukherjee Love the wallpaper on the iPhone! mwpitt52 Is a nice looking stand and charger. They need to build in a rechargeable battery in the stand to give you 2-3 charges without a cord. That would be worth the $120.00 price tag. As its made now not worth the price. Alex Wilson Currently unavailable. We don’t know when or if this item will be back in stock. I guess they either sold out fast or maybe Amazon said; what? wait! Seriously $120? I’ll stick to clutter for that much boingo! Twelve South Unfortunately Amazon sold through their inventory but you can still order from us directly. Thanks.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content × Search form Search Automation & Motion Control Design Hardware & Software Electronics & Test Materials & Assembly Events All Industries Supplier Directory Continuing Education Center Focus on Fundamentals Webinars Newsletter Signup Sign in Join + Continuing Education Center Focus on Fundamentals Webinars Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS Feed Design News Search form Search Main Menu - DesignNews Automation & Motion Control Design Hardware & Software Electronics & Test Materials & Assembly Events All Industries Supplier Directory ≡ You are here Home 11 Reasons Steve Jobs Wouldn't Be Happy With Apple If he were still alive today, Steve Jobs wouldn't be all that pleased with some of the ways that his company has been thinking different. By:  Brian Dipert Consumer Products Consumer Electronics, Electronics & Test, Business, Consumer Products November 16, 2016 The iPad Pro's "Pencil" Back in 2010, during the introduction iOS 4, Steve Jobs made it abundantly clear what he thought of the detachable styli then found in other manufacturers' PDAs, phones and the like: "If you see a stylus, they blew it." But in September of last year, Apple rolled out the 12.9-inch "Pro" iPad variant, complete with an optional $99 stylus...sorry, pencil. Since then, the company's done its own double-downing, subsequently expanding the accessory's applicability to the smaller 9.7" iPad Pro version, and even incorrectly-or-not recently alluding to upcoming iPhone support for the dread accessory. Stylus...pencil...paraphrasing a well-known saying, you say "tomayto", I say "tomahto", but we're both talking about a tomato...or a stylus, as the occasion calls for. Steve would not be pleased. (image source: By Brett Jordan (https://flic.kr/p/Bj2oVu) [CC BY 2.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0)], via Wikimedia Commons)  The iPad Mini Speaking of small tablets, here's another memorable set of Steve Jobs statements, from Apple's fiscal Q4 2010 earnings announcement analyst call on October 18 of that year, and comparing competitors' tablets to the company's then-sole 9.7" available form factor option: "I'd like to comment on the avalanche of tablets poised to enter the market. It appears to be just a handful of credible entrants, not an avalanche. Nearly all use a 7-inch screen. One might think this would offer 70% of the benefit of 10-inch screen. But it's only 45% as large as the iPhone's 10-inch screen. If you cut an iPad screen in half, that's what you're looking at. Not enough for good tablet apps. You'd also need to include sandpaper so people could make their fingers smaller. We think the 10-inch screen size is the minimum to create great tablet apps." Two years later, and a year after Jobs' death, Apple released the first-generation iPad mini, with a 7.9-inch screen. Was it already under development at the time Jobs made his dismissive comments in October 2010? Maybe. Perhaps he was just trying to put the brakes on growth in that particular segment of the market until Apple's offering was ready. But even with his vaunted "reality distortion field" persuasion skills, Jobs would have been challenged to walk back his prior form factor criticism. And the iPad mini is built from off-the-shelf components also found elsewhere in the company's product line, so it wouldn't have taken much time to develop. Odds are then, I suspect, that the change in plans happened closer to, or even after, his death. (image source: Pixeden.com) Phablets What about form factor transformation in the opposite direction: bigger? Here's what Jobs said about the larger-screen Android-based smartphones that were beginning to gain prominence at the height of the company's iPhone 4 "Antennagate" fiasco: When a reporter asked him whether Apple would consider making a bigger iPhone to improve antenna reliability, Jobs scoffed. He called Samsung's Galaxy S phones "Hummers." "You can't get your hand around it," Jobs said. "No one's going to buy that." He was comparing them to the 3.5-inch diagonal iPhone 4, a form factor that Apple extended for one more generation, with the iPhone 4S. But the year after Jobs' death, the company rolled out the 4-inch iPhone 5, whose dimensions linger to this day in the iPhone SE. And beginning in September 2014, Apple added even larger 4.7-inch (iPhone 6) and 5.5-inch (iPhone 6 Plus) product options to its smartphone suite. (image source: By Rafael Fernandez (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia Commons)   The IBM Partnership Anyone remember the famous "1984" commercial? The "Big Brother" dystopia in it is a clear allusion to the control wielded by then-dominant computer supplier IBM. More generally, Apple was founded and fueled on anti-IBM sentiment, which the release of the IBM PC (as a response to the Apple II's burgeoning success) only further fueled. Imagine, then, what chief anti-IBM architect Steve Jobs would think of Apple and IBM's mid-2014 partnership, which continues to this day? Granted, IBM is no longer a presence in the personal computer market, a market that more generally is much less viable than it used to be. Indicative of its condition, in fact, IBM's role in the partnership involves developing enterprise applications for Apple's successor iOS-based devices. But still...could Jobs stomach such an alliance? (image source: By Paul Rand (A note on IBM website) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) A Lack of Mac Innovation The Mac computer product line, in both desktop and mobile variants, has been essentially moribund for several years now, "evolving" only modestly in terms of CPU and GPU generation steps, along with HDD-to-SSD transitions and display resolution upticks. The most radical revamp so far this decade, the late 2013 Mac Pro, has seemingly been largely forgotten, languishing without any subsequent updates. And in fact, the headless Xserve product line, Apple's attempt to target the enterprise server space, was rendered obsolete in early 2011. Given that Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak built Apple on a personal computer foundation, and in spite of the earlier mentioned market migration toward smartphones, tablets and the like, would Jobs tolerate such lackadaisical treatment of the remaining, still vibrant computer business? (image source: By Rafael Fernandez (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons)   Chronic Bugs The above logo is for MobileMe, the third of now-four iterations of Apple's collection of Internet-based services: iTools in 2000 .Mac in 2002 MobileMe in 2008, and iCloud, beginning in 2011 and continuing to this day Why did I choose to highlight MobileMe in this section? The following excerpt from the relevant Wikipedia entry should explain (with in-advance apologies for Jobs' "colorful" language): In May 2011, Fortune magazine reported that during the summer of 2008, after MobileMe had launched to mostly negative reviews, Apple's CEO Steve Jobs summoned the MobileMe team to a meeting in the Town Hall auditorium at 4 Infinite Loop. After asking them "what MobileMe is supposed to do", when someone answered, Jobs reportedly shot back, "So why the fuck doesn't it do that?" Clearly, Jobs was intolerant of product shortcomings, as well as understanding their root cause; trying to do too much, too fast. If only his successors were equally insightful. As is repeatedly (and increasingly so) being reported of late, the company's products (hardware included), are increasingly buggy. A development reboot is clearly necessary. But is post-Jobs Apple up to the task? (image source: public domain)   The Apple Car This one's so baffling that it deserves a column all its own. Jobs was conceptually interested in pursuing cars as far back as around a decade ago, according to some folks: But Jobs was also all about focus and execution; look, for example, at the extensive product culling he conducted after his return to Apple in 1997. As such, given that (quoting from my earlier column) "a vehicle is so very, very orthogonal to Apple's existing businesses," I seriously doubt that a Jobs-led Apple would have pursued this particular path, particularly standalone. (image source: Flicker user automobileitalia: https://www.flickr.com/photos/automobileitalia/16310102367) Lack of Living Room Innovation In an earlier column, I suggested a couple of alternative product line expansion ideas, ones that were also potentially lucrative but more closely aligned with Apple's existing businesses. One of them involved living room-focused hardware, software and services. Unfortunately, a decade after the unveiling of the first-generation Apple TV appliance, the company's living room attack remains tepid at best. The long-rumored Apple-branded television remains nonexistent, despite Jobs' reputed enthusiasm for the concept. And at this point, I'd argue the company would be too late even if it actualized that aspiration. TVs are high-ticket items (therefore often also high profit items, therefore Apple's likely conceptual interest) that are upgraded infrequently and otherwise replaced only when they break. Apple's already missed both the SD-to-HD resolution and anything-to-LCT transitions, and has also missed out on the particularly lucrative early-adopter phase of the HD-to-4K resolution transition. Even if the company was content to focus only on TV-tethered devices like Apple TV, the studios' standoffs regarding content licensing fees have hampered Apple's enthusiastic plans to go after service provider middlemen like Comcast and AT&T/DirecTV. To this day, you still can't directly access "live" TV via Apple TV; you have to instead leverage the (limited) selection available via DishNetworks' Sling TV intermediary. And although I'm not suggesting that Apple consider pursuing the evaporating AVR market, how about a soundbar series? After all, Apple's gone down a similar path before... (image source: By Rayukk (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia Commons) HomeKit Stagnation In earlier coverage, I wrote (again regarding alternative markets that the company might instead consider pursuing) that Apple should consider home automation, security and surveillance systems, natural fits with Apple's HomeKit initiative. Make sense, right? And the operating system hooks for HomeKit have existed in iOS since 2014's iOS 8; Apple TV support was more recently added to (and subsequently constrained in) Apple TV. But third party switch and other peripheral support has, to date, been tepid at best, reportedly the result of the protocol's security and other complexities, leading to development delays and increased costs-and-prices. (image source: Flicker user protalgda - https://www.flickr.com/photos/135518748@N08/26837265071)  The Android Nemesis In the same Q4 2010 earnings call that I mentioned earlier regarding small-screen Android tablets, Steve Jobs went on a five-minute tirade on the broader Android-based ecosystem. Here's a recording. These scathing comments were accompanied by a terser, but no less bold, threat documented in Walter Isaacson's biography of Jobs: "I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apple's $40 billion in the bank, to right this wrong. I'm going to destroy Android, because it's a stolen product. I'm willing to go thermonuclear war on this." What was behind Jobs' palpable anger? Google (now Alphabet) then-CEO (now executive chairman) Eric Schmidt was also on Apple's board from 2006 to 2009 and therefore privy to Apple's iPhone and other product plans. Google had bought Android in 2005, and Jobs was aware of Google's smartphone aspirations, but the initial product prototype Schmidt shared with Jobs was Blackberry-like, absent a touchscreen and integrating a physical keyboard. However, the first production Android-based smartphone, the T-Mobile G1 (i.e. HTC Dream) did include an iPhone-like touchscreen, and subsequent Android-powered models from various manufacturers also transitioned to a virtual keyboard. So where are we today? iOS-based devices garner the bulk of mobile device market profits (maybe even more in the near future), but Android-based devices constitute the vast (and a growing) percentage of mobile device shipments. If any of you are mentally drawing an iOS-vs-Android analogy to Mac OS-vs-Windows, the comparison is indeed apt. But here's where the analogy breaks down; whereas Apple had sued Microsoft in the Jobs era for similarities between the two operating systems (along with assisting the Department of Justice in its antitrust actions against Microsoft), post-Jobs Apple has to date limited its Android responses to indirect lawsuits filed against Android licensees such as Samsung. Oracle, in contrast, has had no compunction against directly targeting Android, although its to-date success has been nonexistent. Were Jobs still alive and in charge of Apple, would he have made good on his "thermonuclear" threat with a similar direct attack? Likely, I think. (image source: Google)   Chrome OS in Schools Speaking of Google/Alphabet operating systems...in middle school, I used Apple IIs (along with TRS-80s)...yes, I know I'm dating myself by revealing this! And although my high school didn't have a computer lab (again, dating myself), my college fraternity was equipped with a Macintosh. There was a time when Apple was making a concerted effort to cultivate converts at an early age. No more. "Today more than 20 million students worldwide are using Chromebooks to create, collaborate and communicate," trumpeted a recent Alphabet blog post. And I get why; although Chrome OS-based devices might be underpowered and insufficiently application-equipped for general-purpose use, they're perfect for basic word processing, spreadsheet, presentation, email, web browsing and other such tasks, specifically when persistent network connectivity is a given. And for IT administrators, they're a dream – easy to manage, and easy to replace when damaged or lost, since all data resides in the cloud. MacBooks remain popular with college students, but that's due to personal "cool" preference, not the result of any coordinated corporate effort on Apple's part. And right now, Alphabet's the one cultivating the next generation of converts. Think Jobs would have allowed this academic transition to occur? Me neither. (image source: By Marcus Qwertyus (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons) In some respects, Apple has become a very different company in the years since Steve Jobs' passing, with a much larger employee count, not to mention much higher revenue and profitability. In other respects, it doesn't seem very different, with only a single new significant product line (the Apple Watch) new to the portfolio since then. But I'm fairly certain that were Jobs still alive today, he wouldn't be at all pleased with some of the ways that his company is " thinking different "...assuming, of course, that he was solely an observer and wouldn't have had an active hand in ensuring that these particular transformations never occurred in the first place.   Comments (8) Comments will not function properly without Javascript enabled. Comment * Notify me when new comments are posted All comments Replies to my comment Please log in or register to post comments. By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Oldest First Newest First Loading Comments... 180 Days of Education The Continuing Education Center offers engineers an entirely new way to get the education they need to formulate next-generation solutions. Now you can earn IEEE Professional Development Hours by attending CEC courses. More Info » Next Class: January 9 – Day 1: Peeking Under the mbed Hood » Mon: Jan 9 - Introduction to the ARM mbed Platform - A Hands-on Course Learn More All Classes Presented By: Digi-Key Electronics Submit | All Gadget Freak Electromagnetic Ring Launcher -- Building a Science Museum Classic Nov 21, 2016 Gadget Freak Gadget Freak Sajjad Haidar The Jumping Ring or Electromagnetic Ring Launcher experiment is a staple of science museums and physics class rooms. Here's how to build your own right in your home. Directory Your direct link to advanced design and manufacturing products and suppliers Search for products & manufacturers:     Engineered by Focus on Fundamentals consists of 45-minute on-line classes that cover a host of technologies. You learn without leaving the comfort of your desk. All classes are taught by subject-matter experts and all are archived. So if you can't attend live, attend at your convenience. Next Class: Coming Soon Learn More All Classes Featured Resources A Comparison of Fittings ANGLgear® Right Angle Drives Designing with Metal Bellows Couplings Dimensional tolerances Product Reliability Builds on Robust Interconnect Solutions Clever Seam Design Makes the Coiled Pin Perfect for Hinges Detected the deviation of the X-Y axes of the machining table with 0.5μm repeatability Harmonic Drive General Catalog Technology Roundup: Robot Revolution Why Bigger isn’t Always Better: the Case for Thin Section Bearings Poll Archive Quick Poll Please wait a moment while we find a poll. View All Webinars Power Transmission in Modern Day Manufacturing Date: Dec 15, 2016 - 2:00am EST Sponsors: Diequa, KHK-USA, NBK America Automotive Lightweighting Date: Nov 17, 2016 - 2:00pm EST Sponsors: Sapa Extrusion Engineering Motion and Actuation Date: Oct 27, 2016 - 2:00pm EDT Sponsors: Rexroth Bosch Group, Maxon Precision Motors, MICROMO Selecting the Appropriate Tape or Adhesive for Durable Assembly Applications Date: Oct 4, 2016 - 2:00pm EDT Sponsors: 3M © 2017 UBM Americas, a UBM plc company. Terms of Service Privacy Policy About UBM Advanced Manufacturing More From DesignNews About Design News Advertise with Design News Contact Us Magazine and eNewsletter Subscription Design News Digital Edition More SItes Design News PlasticsToday Packaging Digest MD+DI Qmed Powder & Bulk Solids Other Communities Design & Manufacturing Medical Packaging Plastics Powder & Bulk Solids Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS Feed
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple is disbanding its router team, report says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 3:58 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Joby Sessions | MacFormat Magazine | Getty Images An Apple AirPort Express. Apple has moved engineers off the development of wireless routers, sources told Bloomberg, just weeks after Google debuted a new wi-fi device. Apple has slowly shut down the team behind its three AirPort routers over the past year, Bloomberg reported on Monday, whittling down the company's focus to products like Apple TV. Some features of the devices were only compatible with Apple products, which may have kept users from switching to Android or PCs, Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reported. Routers were a very small portion of Apple's sales, Bloomberg reported, as lower-priced competitors like Netgear focused more heavily on keeping up with changing wireless standards. In October, Google unveiled Google Wifi, which promises faster wireless service and parental controls, and is slated to ship in December. For the full story, see the article at Bloomberg.com Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL ---
by Brent Simmons The Reverse of the Halo Effect With Apple no longer making displays and wireless routers, we have to look elsewhere for these things. And when we start looking elsewhere, we customers who have been in the habit of just buying the Apple thing get in the habit of looking outside Apple for things. I can’t help but think that it’s a kind of an anti-halo effect. I can’t help but think that once we start looking elsewhere, we’ll look elsewhere more and more. We’ll get used to it. We’ll find out that other companies make things that work and are, in some cases, delightful. Here’s a case: my wife bought a Fitbit when I bought my Apple watch. I envy her iPhone app which is so much cooler than Apple’s fitness software; I envy her not having to charge her device every night; I envy her not having to wear a heavy thing on her wrist. And her Fitbit does sleep tracking, which I’d like to do — but my Apple watch is charging while I sleep, and there’s no way I’d be comfortable sleeping with that bulky thing on my wrist anyway. Another case: one of my side projects is a Mac app, and clearly that means I’m going to be running a Mac. But I have another project that’s a web thing (Ruby/Sinatra). What if all I did was web apps, and I wanted a powerful desktop development machine? If I’m already in the habit of looking outside Apple for my stuff, I might very well consider a Linux machine. The decision to pull out of displays and routers — and Applescript and automation? — may make sense from a point of view that can be expressed in a spreadsheet, but it may not make sense from a psychological point of view. Maybe — I say “maybe” because I don’t know — maybe shopping elsewhere leads to more shopping elsewhere. 21 Nov 2016 Archive What I work on at Omni OmniFocus for Mac • OmniOutliner for Mac Swift Diary Vesper Sync Diary • How Not to Crash Apps I’ve Made • RSS © 1999-2017 Brent Simmons Made in Seattle. Go Hawks!
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 12280 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Company says 'very small number' of smartphones could unex Post to Facebook Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Company says 'very small number' of smartphones could unex  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fKSg4n {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Brett Molina , USA TODAY Published 10:41 a.m. ET Nov. 21, 2016 | Updated 2:00 p.m. ET Nov. 21, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple will replace defective iPhone 6S batteries for free, but only if it meets certain requirements Time iPhone 6s. (Photo: Apple) Apple says it will replace the batteries on some models of the iPhone 6S that could unexpectedly shut down, but pose no safety risk. The company says the smartphones affected were manufactured between September and October of last year. If your phone is affected, Apple will swap in a new battery free of charge. The battery issue involves "a very small number" of iPhone 6S models, according to a support page on Apple's website detailing how to replace the device's battery. Users can contact an authorized service provider or a local Apple store to have the battery replaced. The replacements will not involve any of the wireless carriers that support the iPhone. Reports of iPhone 6S devices unexpectedly shutting down date back to October of last year, weeks after Apple launched the smartphone, along with the larger iPhone 6S Plus. Apple is not the only company having to deal with issues related to their smartphone's battery. Earlier this year, Samsung discontinued the Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after reports overheating batteries could cause the device to catch fire or explode. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fKSg4n NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review NES Classic Edition: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Google Chromecast Ultra: Australian Review Rogue One: The Gizmodo Australia Review Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made By Apple GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Gadgets Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too Thousands Of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other On Twitch Watch This Stump Grinder Basically Vaporise A Tree Stump TCL's New Roku TVs Are Some Of The Cheapest Sets With HDR  Mobile LG Admits No One Cared About Its Modular Phone Last Year Asus' Crazy New Phone Takes 92-Megapixel Photos These Aussie-Made Wireless Earbuds Are A Cure For Pub Deafness How To Find A Lost Phone Car Tech This Incredible Sports Car Was 3D Printed From Laser-Melted Metal Honda's New Experimental Motorcycle Can Balance All By Itself Like Magic My First Ride In A Self-Driving Car Was Harrowing As Hell Living Near A Major Road May Cause Dementia Online This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today This Declassified Report On Russian Hacking Is Incredibly Bleak Wikileaks Somehow Reached A New Level Of Desperate Trump's Latest Statement On Russian Hacking Cannot Be Written About Rationally Science & Health 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy This Controversial Genetic Engineering Technology Could Eliminate Malaria Watch A Knife Attached To A Rocket Going 240km/h Slice The Hell Out Of Meat And Fruit Cameras This Smart Baby Camera Can See When An Infant Stops Breathing This Is The First Action Camera With FLIR Thermal Imaging Built Right In NASA's Favourite Photos Of 2016 Will Remind You There's Still Good In This World Australian Drone Laws: What You Need To Know Before Taking To The Skies Computing Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips Gaming The Game Boy Is Being Brought Back From The Dead With Some Awesome Upgrades Nvidia Is Bringing Better Game Streaming To Facebook Live Nvidia Has Come A Long Way, From Gaming Graphics To Self-Driving AI 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Is Coming In March Entertainment B&O Play's M5 Is The Most Beautiful Wireless Speaker I've Ever Seen Watch How ILM Brought Back Tarkin And Leia For Rogue One New Ragnarok Details Hint At Dire Times Ahead For Thor Home Alone Edited With More Blood Seems So Hilariously Demented Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips LG's Prototype Displays Are The Future Of Staring At TV Screens And Beyond Cramming Three 4K Displays Into One Huge Gaming Laptop Is So Insane That Obviously Razer Did It RIP Apple Wireless Routers: We Hardly Knew Thee Christina Warren Nov 22, 2016, 7:30am ⋅ Filed to:  airport airport extreme apple routers Share According to a new Bloomberg report, Apple is exiting the router business. Bloomberg report that, over the last year, Apple has started to shutter the division, which made the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme and Time Capsule products, instead opting to put engineers on other projects, including the Apple TV. Image: Composite/Apple In some ways, this shouldn't be a surprise — Apple hasn't updated the AirPort Extreme or Time Capsule since the winter of 2013. Still, its interesting that as companies such as Google and Eero get into the wireless mesh network business, Apple would abandon the ecosystem. Moreover, this is sad news for anyone who ever had to buy a parent or less technical friend a wireless router. AirPort routers are expensive, and you can certainly find routers that perform better. But the routers are also known for being easy to use, especially if you have a lot of Apple products in your house. We may never know why Apple is abandoning the router game. Like first-party external monitors, it looks like this niche market just isn't one Apple cares to be about any more. The good news is that there are a ton of exciting alternatives, which is not something you could've said about routers two years ago. [Bloomberg] Comments que @que Nov 22, 2016, 8:18am This is absurd and not making any sense. a big step back for apple i must say. Reply 1 dmakovec @dmakovec Nov 22, 2016, 8:55am Thank God. As an all Apple office, the component that gives us the most trouble is that stupid bloody router. Macs will connect to it and fail to get a DHCP lease, or not be able to connect at all. We actually have a cheap ass Netgear wifi extender which the computers have a more reliable connection with, despite a weaker signal, than the Apple kit. Good riddance. Reply 2 fem_shep @fem_shep Nov 22, 2016, 11:45am what a stupid idea... apples stuff was always good, not the greatest tech.. but easy to use.... now we have to go back to crap net gear etc ?? yuck! Reply 0 dsgfh @dsgfh Nov 22, 2016, 12:25pm These were without question the worst piece of IT equipment ever purchased in our office, so I'm not sad to see them no longer available. In our case, our almost entirely wintel laptop fleet would suffer constant dropouts & the routers themselves needed frequent manual restarts so that we could re-establish a connection. The dropouts were an intel chipset issue I believe, but the router refusing connections thereafter wasn't. Their range was also terrible when intel's drivers would play nicely with them. I resorted to a kogan router in AP mode as a far more reliable option with much greater coverage if that gives you any indication. They may have played well in a small apple only environment, but in a more general environment they were ummm... shall we say... sub-optimal Reply 0 Lexx Guest Nov 22, 2016, 1:13pm I know the feeling. I've inherited such treasures from predecessors as X-Serve, X-Serve RAID and AirPort. Making good progress retiring it all though. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are Alex Cranz 05 Jan 2017 1:30 PM At 2.57mm thick, LG's new OLED W7 television might be the thinnest giant television ever made. I don't want to say that. It feels like hyperbole, and over the next few days I have no doubt that a lot of other televisions are going to use similar tech for similar results, but look at that image above. Note how that 65-inch display is actually thinner than that woman's finger. Now come back and tell me that isn't incredible. What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? Katharine Trendacosta 07 Jan 2017 12:00 AM Completionism is a disease that forces some people to finish something even though it has gone horribly wrong. This is why I have seen all of Charmed. And why my colleague James Whitbrook shudders when you mention Torchwood. Miracle Day. So, we ask you, what's the worst show you watched every minute of? Extra points for length of suck. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office Deals: Learn To Build Stunning iOS Apps With This Training Bundle Deals: Become A Game Designer Without Learning Any Code Trending Articles 1 Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are 2 What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? 3 Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy 4 Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable 5 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today December Saw Campo Santo's Firewatch Hit One Million Copies Sold Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle How Bartenders Suggest You Stock Your Home Bar Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office The Tech Trends From CES 2017 That Will Actually Matter Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter It's official -- the 2016 Word of the Year is 'Dumpster fire' 22 huge movie sequels you probably didn't realise were coming out this year Obama on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'These tragedies have happened too often' Meet the hedge fund stars in their 20s who just made Forbes' '30 Under 30' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Blog Blog Archives Writing Gear Bags Writing Highlights Most Popular Fiction Archive Photography Prints and Licensing Portfolios Central Valley Refuges Impressions of Yellowstone Stock Photography Image Galleries Best of the Year Collections About Social Media Birding Life List ThreeDotLounge Mailing Lists Archives OtherRealms Archives Plaidworks Mailing List Archives « Resets Sacramento and Colusa National Wildlife Refuges, November 2016 » MacBook Pro first impressions By chuq | Published Nov 21 2016 I ordered the 13” MacBook Pro with Touch Bar a couple of hours after the event, and it arrived on the 17th. Since then, I’ve spent a full day setting up the machine, tearing down my office and reconfiguring it to make room for the new beast, and I’ve been trying out various tasks to see how well the unit handles them. Overall, I’m very happy with it. Mine is the 13” with 16Gb of RAM, the upgraded 3.3GHz dual core processor and a 1TB SSD. It is replacing a late 2013 15” MacBook pro with a 2.2Ghz quad core and 16Gb of RAM. My old laptop was basically the highest performance laptop 3 years ago. The Geekbench number is 3810. I ran geekbench on the device after letting it settle in overnight, and my new device’s number is 3817. So in three and a half years what was the raw performance of a top end laptop now is available in the smaller form factor. My primary reason for upgrading now was size: I really wanted the smaller, lighter laptop if I could come close to the performance so I didn’t have to carry the big, heavy beast or try to use it on the couch. Somehow, it’s gotten big and heavy in the last few years… To be honest, we aren’t seeing the kind of stratospheric performance gains we saw in the Good Old Days, but this kind of improvement isn’t chopped liver. Geekbench is showing the new 15” device with a score around 4234, or about a 10% performance boost for equivalent models over that time. So just on the basis of the performance improvement, if you have a 3 year or older device, this looks to be a nice upgrade, and I don’t think it’s gotten credit for that amid the noise these devices has generated. Is this a game changer? Is this new device a game changer? It depends on how you define that term. Your mileage is going to vary. Having said that, Touch-ID on Mac for me is clearly a game changer. I love it. Integration with 1Password makes the entire password management and entering almost frictionless. I love it. It took me maybe an hour to wonder how I’d lived without it until now. It makes logging onto the device almost painless, and it makes using 1Password almost completely frictionless. That to me is worth the price of admission. The reason I reconfigured my office was to make sure the touch bar was always easily accessible, so the laptop lives on a stand (the Twelve South ParcSlope, which is awesome) to the right of my main monitor and keyboard — the old laptop was in a vertical stand nearby. I’m still getting used to using the touch bar, but as I do, it’s growing on me. It’s very well thought out overall, but it’s not central to my working yet. It may never be, but I’m definitely using it multiple times a day for various things, and when typing text, I’m finding it’s IOS-like autocomplete useful when I’m struggling over the proper spelling of a word. I’m loving the new screen with the retina and wide color. Having it sit right next to my main monitor (a super-wide LG “almost 4K” with an IPS LED screen that I really like) and watching my wallpaper set display on both I can see just how much crisper the laptop screen is, and there’s a noticeable improvement in the quality of the color rendition, even with JPG images in the SRGB color gamut. Performance is quite spiffy. I loaded up some new images in Lightroom and tried a few things that can really push the computer hard, such as merging a 23 image panorama into a 30K x 4K image — and it was as fast or faster is Lightroom was on my old unit, and didn’t struggle at all. Navigation through Lightroom is fast and I’ve yet to see a stutter. It has easily met or exceeded all of my expectations so far. the 16Gb RAM thing A lot of people are complaining about the 16Gb memory limit. In practice, this is a much smaller problem than people seem to think it is. I’ve tried a few ways to stress memory and failed completely, and nothing I could do made my device come close to paging. And the gripe about not enough memory is really because once you start paging, that paging is really slow compared to in-RAM speeds. But Apple has installed a super-fast SSD, which isn’t as fast as RAM, but is a lot closer than any previous SSD was, and one effect of that is that paging is going to be a lot, lot faster. So Apple has — probably intentionally — mitigated any paging delays by paging to really fast devices. That and the compressed memory VM system they installed into MacOS a few releases back mean that our old view of memory and how VM handles it are gone, and in this new setup, large RAM sets are a lot less important to most people. And even if you are someone who pushes a machine to page, that will be a lot less noticeable than it was before. I expect the number of people who will notice a slowdown caused by “limited” RAM to be a really tiny percentage of users. And yes, the problem is if you are in that tiny percent, you don’t have any real options with MacOS — but I think you really ought to test your working setup on one of these new devices before assuming it won’t work for you. I think many of you will be pleasantly surprised. What’s not to like? This new machine isn’t perfect: what complex thing is? A point of controversy in discussions about it has been the keyboard, and I understand why. I don’t like it as much as I do my Apple bluetooth keyboard, but I like it well enough; it’s a massive improvement over any of the (it feels like) 30 iPad keyboards I’ve tried and hated. I’m a pretty good touch typist, and I can touch type fine on it. My speed is maybe 80% of on my main keyboard, but I’m still acclimating. I don’t find the touch bar distracting, I can ignore it when I’m not using it. The escape key is, well, an escape key. It works. I’ve never not had it there when I wanted it. I do see how some typists won’t like this keyboard, though, and if you’re fussy about keyboards (I’m generally not) I’d definitely take it for a test drive first. One other complaint about the keyboard that’s surfaced since these have started shipping: it’s loud. It’s noticeably louder — significantly louder — than my main keyboard. It kind of sounds to me like Apple was trying to engineer in the “clicky keyboard” sound, but overshot it. This keyboard will be a problem for anyone in situations where the key noise will be a problem, whether that’s podcasts or web conferences or even coffee shops with fussy neighbors. I put the noise of the keyboard one step below distracting, but it’s close, and it may be a big problem for some of you. Again, if this is a worry, please go find one at an Apple store and test drive. Dongles and peripherals There’s been a lot of yelling about dongles. Here, have a picture of dongles. What’s that? That’s a picture of all of the dongles I collected for my LAST, now retired MacBook. Dongles aren’t a new thing, they are a way to take a set of standardized ports and customizing them for your specific needs. You needed them on the old machine, you need them on this one. I am buying many fewer dongles for this unit than I did the last one — three, in fact, of which one I still haven’t needed to remove from its box and may never. I just don’t get the yelling about this. Buying a $3000 computer and complaining about a $20 dongle? well, okay. These generational shifts happen. The change from ADB->USB was like this, and much of the yelling was identical. This is setting up Apple’s port/peripheral strategy for the next 5-10 years, and there’s no way to do that without some short term pain. If you want to sit on the sideline while this sorts out, that’s a perfectly valid decision. But I don’t understand the noise about this, given dongles have been a thing for a decade and we always end up needing some to customize our device to our specific needs. The Caldigit USB-C dock With my old laptop, I used an Elgato Thunderbolt dock to handle most of my connections, giving me two cables to connect to the device (power and thunderbolt). It worked fine, it stayed out of the way and never caused problems. When I bought the new laptop, I knew I needed a new dock, so I researched the market. I decided on the Caldigit USB-C dock, which at $149 is about half the price of my old Thunderbolt dock with similar functionality — plus it charges the laptop over the USB-C cable connecting the two. To be honest, the USB-C dock world is in its infancy and it shows; none of the products available today blew me away as the obvious winner, all of them are getting 3-3.5 star reviews on Amazon, and if the Caldigit is any indication, they deserve them. It works, but I’ve had some glitches. First thing I ran into is that you need to download and install drivers to get the ethernet working. When I did, the ethernet was slow and flakey for me (120ms ping times vs. 23 on Wifi) until some random combination of laptop reboots and dock power cycles cleared it up — and it was something like the third of each, so it wasn’t a simple reboot. The dock has an LED that is normally green, but will turn red if there’s enough power draw from peripherals that it might not be able to properly charge the laptop. For me, it turned red when I plugged in a USB-A hub, which shouldn’t have happened since it’s a powered hub drawing no power — and stayed that way for 6-7 hours, and then suddenly turned green again and stayed that way ever since. Why did it do that? I have no idea and it’s not telling. And by the way, it was charging the laptop just fine the whole time. The biggest hassle, though? After the second night (not the first), when the laptop is idle long enough to shut off the video, when I fire up the laptop again, the dock doesn’t spring back to life, so my main monitor stays dark. I have to power cycle the dock to resolve this. Costs me 10-15 seconds a couple of times a day, but… it shouldn’t be happening. None of these are deal breakers for me, but right now, I have to say a 3-3.5 star review feels about right. I can recommend it, but with strong reservations. I’m going to use it for a while, and see whether something clearly better hits the market, or whether these glitches clear up as Caldigit debugs things and issues updated drivers or whatever. These things happen here on the bloody edge of a technology transition, so I’ll cut Caldigit some slack, at least for a while. It’s not blowing up mid-sentence, and what glitches I’m seeing are somewhere between harmless and mildly annoying. But they’re there. If you don’t want to deal with that kind of thing, maybe it makes sense to avoid docks for now and use dongles for a few months while it all sorts itself out. Or consider the OWC USB-C dock as an alternative (my backup choice to the Caldigit). But we have a ways to go before this class of product is fully ready for prime time. (for those that forget, we went through this same early glitch cycle with Thunderbolt docks, too). Who is this for? If your current Mac laptop is 3 years old or older, then I think these new MacBooks are an upgrade to consider. There’s a nice (if not incredible) performance boost and once it settles out, the shift to USB-C will simplify our lives, even if the transition is a bit messy. If you are a photographer or someone for whom superior color is an important feature, the new screen on these laptops will blow you away. I’m so impressed and it hasn’t gotten a lot of chatter in the discussions since the event, but the results I’m seeing are just, um, eye opening. The Touch-ID sensor brings a lot of value to this unit, and the Touch Bar I think will become a solid performer for many of us once we get used to it and developers figure out the best ways to use it in their apps. Who is this not for? If you are not someone who is tied into the Mac as a mac — if you are a developer using a Mac primarily as a linux machine with a pretty UX — you may well find the units disappointing. The less a person values what MacOS brings to the game, the more it might sense to consider a Windows box as an alternative. If you are a touch typist who’s fussy about keyboards, take it out for a test drive first. I think it’s fine, I know people who don’t, and there’s no single right or wrong answer here: you need to check it out for yourself. If the inevitable chaos (and dongles) of the technology transition to USB-C annoy you, it’s perfectly okay to sit out a generation and let the rest of us figure it out and for the accessory world to migrate forward and settle in. You don’t have to be bleeding edge unless you want to, and if you don’t, I don’t blame out. If you are one of the relatively rare people who absolutely need more than 16Gb of RAM, you’re screwed: Apple has no solution for you right now. Having said that, I think that group is a lot smaller than people think it is, so I strongly encourage you to find a way to test one of these devices against your apps and workflows and see. The combination of the improved VM system Apple created a couple of releases ago and the massively faster SSD significantly mitigates memory problems in ways that most people haven’t really considered yet. Don’t assume, test. My bottom line I’ve only run into one glitch of note: my Dymo 450 label printer seems incompatible with USB-C either via dongle or dock and it seems like some kind of weird hardware issue, not a software one. Which just reminds me that these label printers were evidently designed and software written by the people who normally build and program scanners. ugh. Not sure how I’ll resolve this one yet, but it’s a low priority for me — and FYI, I’ve heard from one other owner of that device having the same problem, so it seems to be the product, not anything on my end. On the negatives, I have to say the Caldigit USB-C dock is okay but not quite to good, much less great (but check back in in 3 months to see if that’s resolved or if I replace), and the loudness of the keyboard surprised me, in that it actually was so loud I cared about it. It’s not a keyboard I would ever use while recording any audio unless I had no alternatives. But that’s a pretty short list. We could argue for a while about price, but… I have no problem with it. I’m not surprised Apple couldn’t get a retina-enabled device under $1000, and I’m not surprised these cost a bit more given the technology being shoved in them. Yes, you can get windows PC boxes for less, but then you have a Windows PC box. If that’s okay for you, then you have my blessing. I’m a Mac user, no interest in changing. I think the days of exploding performance with retreating prices is over for the industry in general, but not something we’ve all come to grips with yet. Welcome to mature becoming declining markets. I think I got good value for my money, and I am happy with it now that I’ve put my hands on it. For a first few days impression, it’s almost all positive, and I see a lot of upside as the USB-C market matures and expands, which it will, not that the MacBooks are pushing the market as well. I give the device an early B+. I like the unit, I bought the right size at 13” instead of 15”, and it’s performing like a champ. I love the screen, I love Touch-ID, the migration went smoothly. I’m glad I bought one and I’m glad I have it. Share this: Tweet Email This entry was posted in Apple Inc. « Resets Sacramento and Colusa National Wildlife Refuges, November 2016 » Subscribe (or else) I’m looking for my next job. I'm looking at the end of my sabbatical and starting to search for my next job. Could you use someone like me? Do you know someone who could? Take a look at Getting Back to Work for the details and help me find my next role. (THANKS!) Keep In Touch View chuqui’s profile on Facebook View chuq’s profile on Twitter View chuq_vr’s profile on Instagram View chuqui’s profile on LinkedIn More to explore Some Thoughts on Lightroom Keywords What's in my Camera Bag Good Enough Defeats Great First Impressions of the Fuji X-T2 Free Desktop Wallpapers Hate your battery charger? Switch to USB Organizing and Backing up your data for the Digital Photographer A Sample Community Manager Job Description 2015 in Review: My Favorite Images Topic Categories About Chuq App Development and Platforms Apple Inc Birding Bird Photography Blogging Blog Posts Business Community Management Health and Fitness Hockey Humor Merced Wildlife Refuge music Of Interest Online Content Photography Referees Reviews San Jose Sharks Science Fiction/Fantasy Silicon Valley - San Francisco Bay Area Social Media Wildlife Refuge Yosemite National Park Follow me on Twitter at @chuq Tweets by @chuq Recent Posts My Advice for Apple Anyone know of archives of EvangeList or Semper Fi? Visiting the Central Valley Refuges Merced and San Luis National Wildlife Refuges, December 14, 2016 2016 Favorite Podcasts (A Few of my Favorites) Links Blog Photography Popular Writing Gear Bags About Chuq Social Media Privacy Policy Terms of Services All content is Copyright © 2016 by Chuq Von Rospach. These images are not public domain. Please contact us if you are interested in licensing an image for use. Commercial use is prohibited without explicit permission. Affiliate links: Some of our links will send you to Amazon or some other affiliate site. Using these links to buy something will cost you nothing and toss a few dollars to us to help support creating new content for this site, but it's completely up to you. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Meet the Coolpad Conjr, a $180 USD smartphone with some neat tricks January 5, 2017 Poll: What are your thoughts on the design of the BlackBerry ‘Mercury’? January 5, 2017 Galaxy S8 design potentially leaks in new photo January 5, 2017 ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Google’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store until January 7th January 4, 2017 Samsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and pre-installed Google Play January 4, 2017 Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fossil to increase its wearables line to over 300 products in 2017 January 5, 2017 Montreal-based Mighty Cast introduces Nex Evolution modular smart band for $79.99 USD January 5, 2017 Samsung has shipped over 5 million Gear VR headsets, 10 million hours of video viewed January 5, 2017 HTC reveals an upgraded strap and new tracking device for the Vive January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Here are a few tech deals from Amazon Canada January 6, 2017 Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Google Assistant is coming to Android TV devices in 2017 January 5, 2017 Tesla begins battery production for Model 3 and more at its Gigafactory January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive University of Waterloo research team help build Renesas autonomous car January 4, 2017 BlackBerry reveals embedded software platform for autonomous and connected cars January 4, 2017 Fiat-Chrysler’s new concept car is targeting millennials and their mobile thirsts January 4, 2017 Amazon is the tech giant to watch for furthering driverless technology January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps New Years 2017 was the App Store’s biggest sales day ever with over $240M in earnings January 5, 2017 Vine will shut down on January 17 and transition into a camera app January 5, 2017 Canadians can now download Megaman 1 – 6 on Android and iOS January 5, 2017 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Telus to cut home services bundle savings by $2 per product starting March 1st January 6, 2017 Chatsim offers unlimited messaging in 150 countries for $20 a year January 6, 2017 Competition Bureau closes Apple investigation after discovering no abuse of ‘dominance’ with carriers January 6, 2017 Tbaytel announces telecom hackathon called DisruptIT January 6, 2017 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Android 7.1.1 update begins for Nexus 6 with the arrival of images and OTA files January 5, 2017 TCL to launch smart home monitoring kit in March 2017 January 5, 2017 LG’s new 4K OLED TV is thinner than most smartphones, must be wall-mounted January 4, 2017 Samsung apologizes for 2016, promises to continue innovating January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Nissan to integrate Cortana into connected cars January 5, 2017 In-car video streaming options are poised to grow January 3, 2017 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Twitter signs exclusive deal to livestream 31 PGA tournaments this year January 5, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 CES Unveiled previews 2017’s emerging technology trends January 4, 2017 BlackBerry details partnership with TCL and reveals upcoming ‘Mercury’ smartphone January 4, 2017 A look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising January 6, 2017 SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Meet the Coolpad Conjr, a $180 USD smartphone with some neat tricks January 5, 2017 Poll: What are your thoughts on the design of the BlackBerry ‘Mercury’? January 5, 2017 Galaxy S8 design potentially leaks in new photo January 5, 2017 ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Google’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store until January 7th January 4, 2017 Samsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and pre-installed Google Play January 4, 2017 Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fossil to increase its wearables line to over 300 products in 2017 January 5, 2017 Montreal-based Mighty Cast introduces Nex Evolution modular smart band for $79.99 USD January 5, 2017 Samsung has shipped over 5 million Gear VR headsets, 10 million hours of video viewed January 5, 2017 HTC reveals an upgraded strap and new tracking device for the Vive January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Here are a few tech deals from Amazon Canada January 6, 2017 Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Google Assistant is coming to Android TV devices in 2017 January 5, 2017 Tesla begins battery production for Model 3 and more at its Gigafactory January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive University of Waterloo research team help build Renesas autonomous car January 4, 2017 BlackBerry reveals embedded software platform for autonomous and connected cars January 4, 2017 Fiat-Chrysler’s new concept car is targeting millennials and their mobile thirsts January 4, 2017 Amazon is the tech giant to watch for furthering driverless technology January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps New Years 2017 was the App Store’s biggest sales day ever with over $240M in earnings January 5, 2017 Vine will shut down on January 17 and transition into a camera app January 5, 2017 Canadians can now download Megaman 1 – 6 on Android and iOS January 5, 2017 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Telus to cut home services bundle savings by $2 per product starting March 1st January 6, 2017 Chatsim offers unlimited messaging in 150 countries for $20 a year January 6, 2017 Competition Bureau closes Apple investigation after discovering no abuse of ‘dominance’ with carriers January 6, 2017 Tbaytel announces telecom hackathon called DisruptIT January 6, 2017 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Android 7.1.1 update begins for Nexus 6 with the arrival of images and OTA files January 5, 2017 TCL to launch smart home monitoring kit in March 2017 January 5, 2017 LG’s new 4K OLED TV is thinner than most smartphones, must be wall-mounted January 4, 2017 Samsung apologizes for 2016, promises to continue innovating January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Nissan to integrate Cortana into connected cars January 5, 2017 In-car video streaming options are poised to grow January 3, 2017 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Twitter signs exclusive deal to livestream 31 PGA tournaments this year January 5, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 CES Unveiled previews 2017’s emerging technology trends January 4, 2017 BlackBerry details partnership with TCL and reveals upcoming ‘Mercury’ smartphone January 4, 2017 A look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising January 6, 2017 SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close The Moto Z will be first third-party Android smartphone to get Daydream support Calgary teen discusses what it takes to be the North American Pokémon champion Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers Rose Behar November 21, 2016 3:25pm Apple is shutting its doors on the division that makes its AirPort wireless router products, according to a report from Bloomberg reporter and long-time Apple tipster Mark Gurman. The shutdown is reportedly an effort to “sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue.” Gurman adds that over the past year, engineers from the division have been dispersed to other development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV. Apple hasn’t refreshed its line of routers, which include the AirPort Express ($199 CAD), AirPort Extreme ($249 CAD) and AirPort Time Capsule — a $379 CAD device that doubles as a hard drive — since 2013. While the routers lag behind those created by competitors like D-Link and Netgear when it comes to adopting advances made in chip technology, they had a core demographic of users that appreciated its design and easy integration with Mac products. Apple wireless router division also has an important place in Wi-Fi history, helping to popularize the concept of wireless networking with the debut of the original AirPort Base Station and iBook laptop. This move, if it indeed comes to pass, echoes Apple’s decision in October 2016 to stop making its own external monitors, instead entering into a sales partnership with LG. If you’d still like to get your hands on an AirPort, the devices remain available on Apple’s Canadian site. Related: Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential SourceBloomberg ViaEngadget Marc Palumbo Routers aren’t sexy enough for Apple consumers. FTR_Part_deux When I upgraded my Dlink router to the Airport Extreme and added an Airport Express to stream music to my hifi, I couldn’t have been any happier. For me, they’ve been more reliable than the Dlink. Karl Dagenais Same here, first router I’ve had that never required a reboot. Gewurttraminer D-Link is absolute garbage. Those saying otherwise clearly have no idea what they’re talking about FTR_Part_deux At the time when I was looking for a new wireless router, my work IT guy suggested the Dlink DIR-655. The first one I bought was great and worked like a charm and what I liked the most was the signal strength. I bought a second DIR-655 and was less than happy, compared to the first one I bought. It required constant rebooting that I just gave up on it. For now and for my own personal use, the Airport Extreme and Express have been working really well. My needs on my home network isn’t super intensive, but I’m just glad that I’m not constantly rebooting the router. It also sits beside my old school Dlink Boxee and I can wirelessly stream 1080p w/DTS 5.1 movies to it with no stuttering, so I’m totally happy thus far. Gewurttraminer I hear ya. I run multiple devices on these routers so lets say an Apple TV, laptop, PS4, and a couple smartphones at the same time and really within our household its never given me a problem. And I’ve also NEVER had to reboot so yes, its expensive as routers go but its reliable and solid and I’ll be using mine until they completely die. dirtyKIMCHI D-Link unfortunately released multiple variants (Hardware Revisions) for the DIR-655 router. DIR-655 had A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, B1, & C1 variants; each revision (A, B or C) having different firmware and changes in hardware. Unless the consumer has this knowledge that there are many versions, they just buy the box that states DIR-655. All Network Equipment Manufacturers do this, unfortunately. Even Apple did this with the AirPort Extreme & Time Capsule as Generation 1 to 5 all look the same, but have many differences in hardware (Time Capsules having Capacity variants). FTR_Part_deux Dlink shoulda stuck with the version that worked the best. lol They would have kept me as a customer. It’s Me They used to sell quite well. They work well, are very easy to set up and get updates and provided some nice to have features years ago (printer sharing, disk sharing, etc) Likely it’s margins. Margins on routers are fairly low and cheaper routers are getting better and better. Hard to justify the higher price but Apple wants high margins items. Gewurttraminer Actually I have two of these devices and I haven’t seen an update in over a year to the firmware. That said they have been good to me and met my needs as a backup and as a router. It’s Me I have two Extreme units as well, from different generations. Last update was May of this year. http://www.macrumors.com/2016/05/24/apple-airport-base-station-update-7-6-7/ Usually seem to get updates once or twice per year. Gewurttraminer Yeah I haven’t received any update in May. I check once every few months and nothing. Still don’t care much. They continue to function quite well and still prefer them over the Bell Home Hub Do Do I really believe in the not too distant future that Apple will get out of the “computer” market outside of IOS products all together. That’s the vibe I’m getting. They seem to have gotten out of the “pro” market with this last iteration of Macbook pros. It’s Me I think they will stay as long as there is money in it. They aren’t the type to leave money on the table, assuming it is significant money. They still seem to be doing well with macOS devices, so I don’t see them suddenly deciding to walk away from billions of dollars. Marc Palumbo What do you mean by computers? Nowadays, that can mean a variety of things. This seems highly unlikely though. fred good riddance, their products were too expensive, and not very reliable Gewurttraminer Yeah Fred whatever. Go buy a DLink. Haha It’s Me Would you think differently if you’d used one? fred what makes you think I never used one? It’s Me Common sense? 😉 fred well, your common sense is wrong It’s Me Your posting history and general and constant disdain for all things Apple says otherwise. Can’t Fix Stupid I liked this line of routers. Pretty understated but they worked well. jay Apple get more and more out of the computer business. I like the airport extrem and a lot possibly to have all connected together but Apple has no more interest in that. iPhone is the only important thing for them and as soon they find out to get the iPad Pro more powerful they will stop supporting macOS Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2017 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.aardvark.co.nz Aardvark Daily New Zealand's longest-running online daily news and commentary publication, now in its 21st year. The opinion pieces presented here are not purported to be fact but reasonable effort is made to ensure accuracy. Content copyright © 1995 - 2016 to Bruce Simpson (aka Aardvark), the logo was kindly created for Aardvark Daily by the folks at aardvark.co.uk Home : Commentary : Features : Sci-Tech News : Feedback : Follow Me on G+ : Forums : Contact : REPUBLISHING : Please visit the sponsor! Too much, too quickly? 22 November 2016 I wonder if those developing and selling hi-tech devices should start living by the mantra "more speed, less haste". It would appear that the demand to keep rolling out ever-better products in time with an increasingly short update cycle is starting to take its toll on the reliability and safety of the hi-tech products we're using. Samsung, for example, has had the Note7 battery issues which effectively obliterated that whole model from the market almost as quickly as a lithium battery can go from charged to smoked. Apple are also facing huge costs in replacing or repairing several of its phones, which appear to have design flaws or component issues that leave users with worthless piles of junk. Most recently, the iPhone 6S has developed a tendency to shut down when the battery is just half used. Attempts to restart the phone without recharging often result in a refusal, along with the message "battery critically low". Apple claims that this problem only affects a small number of handsets but anecdotally, the number seems to be quite significant. The company is now replacing batteries (or more likely replacing the whole damned phone) if people bitch and moan long and loud enough -- but why should they have to? Likewise, the issue with iPhone displays that sees a BGA device on the PCB effectively develop high-resistance terminations due to flexing. Apple say that this is a "user fault" and only occurs if the phone has been dropped or bent. Their answer to what many believe is a design flaw, is a US$150 repair with no guarantees it won't happen again. And, while on the subject of Apple, let's not forget about the phone that had poorly placed antennas that resulted in intermittent performance. Initially, Apple told users that they were simply holding the phone incorrectly (WTF?). I'm not ragging on Apple, although they do seem to feature prominently in these gripes, but pointing out that this "rush to market" seems to be becoming endemic throughout the industry. As the market becomes increasingly competitive, each manufacturer seeks to get newer, better, more impressive features out the door before the others. This puts enormous pressure on the design and engineering teams -- to the extent that they seem to be downgrading the importance of proper testing. I wonder if a real selling feature could be "It's boxy but it's good". Devices that aren't designed and built to wow you with their 1mm wider LCDs or curved bezels and twenty quadrillion core processors. But instead, products that are designed to be solid, reliable and have a good service life -- maybe even with a 5-year warranty. There used to be a saying that if cars had evolved as quickly as electronics, we'd all be driving flying cars that cost five cents and could travel to the moon and back on a cup of petrol. Well the interesting thing is that most cars now come with at least a five-year 100,000Km warranty - yet our hi-tech gadgets are still only guaranteed to work for a year. Do I smell a rat? Please visit the sponsor! Have your say in the Aardvark Forums. PERMALINK to this column Rank This Aardvark Page   Change Font   Aardvark feeds RSS-XML Feed Javascript Audio Aardvark Podcast NatRad stream NewsTalk ZB Mates' websites Tokoroa Welding UAV Aerospace DPT.co.nz RCModelReviews No-diet weight loss   Features: Beware The Alternative Energy Scammers The Great "Run Your Car On Water" Scam   The Missile Man book Recent Columns When technology outpaces regulation Welcome to the longest day of the year... And the censorship increases It seems that governments around the world really enjoy a good game of whack-a-mole... When hkrz pwn your router Most computer users are familiar with the need for using anti-virus software on their machines, so as to avoid the worst of the evil payloads that evil little sods would use to infect your system... When the cloud leaks Yahoo has admitted that up to a billion of its cloud-based free email accounts may have been compromised by crackers... Is deep AI the future? There's been a lot of talk about artificial intelligence in recent times... NZ Government yields to blackmail It is interesting to see that the government has announced its plans to get tough on multinationals who are aggressively exploiting loopholes in the tax laws to (sometimes significantly) reduce their tax obligations... What can you do with a drone? Drones are everywhere and these days it seems as if every man and his dog is trying to make a dollar using them... Moore's law on steroids Most of us are pretty used to the fact that computers are getting ever cheaper and ever more powerful, thanks to the effects of Moore's law... Should we be worried? Today's headlines tell us that there was a big quake off the Solomons and another off the coast of the USA... Stuff(ed) comments Despite its increasingly tabloid and advertorial leanings, I pop into Stuff.co.nz each morning just to make sure there's nothing I'm missing in the area of news... 'Tis the season for spending OMG... Christmas is now less than three weeks away. Where on earth did 2016 go?... Content © 1995-2016, Bruce Simpson/Aardvark, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Something to look forward to Android 7.0 Nougat review - - - Apple gives up on making wireless routers, AirPort line is dead Post your comment Comments (12) Vlad, 21 November 2016 Apple If you've been waiting for Apple to refresh its aging wireless router line, unfortunately it's time to give up and buy another brand. That's because a new report from Bloomberg today claims the company has in fact abandoned any development of future routers. Apple has apparently disbanded the entire division that used to develop its wireless routers, "people familiar with the matter" say. This has happened over the past year, with engineers that previously worked on AirPort routers having been moved to other product development groups inside the company. Some of the people that brought you the last AirPort routers are now working on Apple TV. The move is part of Apple's efforts to focus only on its core consumer products, the ones which generate most of its revenue and profits. This probably shouldn't come as a big surprise, given that the latest refresh for the AirPort line happened in 2013. An Apple spokesperson declined to comment on the report. Source Related articles Google Wifi mesh router is now up for pre-order in the US: $129 nets you one, or get three for $299 TP-Link Talon AD7200 is world's first 802.11ad router, does 7.2Gbps Google launches OnHub smart Wi-Fi router for $199.99 Google announces its second OnHub router, this one's made by Asus Reader comments alabang90210 stC6 03 Jan 2017 Next to die will be Apple TV. Lol. Reply Mkdc 5Mb% 22 Nov 2016 Did you know that competition is good for consumers? Android wouldn't be as good as it is without ios, and vice versa. Reply .alpha ytxx 22 Nov 2016 There is no profit in consumer modem/router. There is only like 3 companies left that's still good with a dozen never heard of budget brands. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 12 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo YU verykool Maxwest NIU Yezz Parla Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,359 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,458 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 90,389 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 71,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64,217 6. vivo V5 64,196 7. Oppo F1s 58,861 8. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 57,986 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,557 10. Lenovo K6 Note 48,053 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,799 2. OnePlus 3 1,563 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,512 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,477 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,359 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,356 7. HTC 10 1,315 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,132 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,130 10. LG G5 1,112 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Infuse 5 is out: Up Next, Split View, PiP, iCloud sync, cloud streaming & more By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 33 Comments aTV Flash Black developer Firecore today released Infuse 5, a major new version of his versatile media player for the Apple TV, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. It’s the single biggest Infuse update Firecore ever released and they’ve been working on it for the better part of the year. Infuse 5 packs in a bunch of goodies, including iCloud sync, a new “Up Next” discovery list for the Apple TV, Split View and Picture in Picture support on compatible iPads, cloud streaming and much more. The new Up Next list in Infuse for Apple TV shows you both the items you’re currently watching (see them right underneath the Watching heading) and any movies, TV shows or other media that have been recently added. On the iOS side, the app has been fully optimized for iOS 10 and supports even more file types than before. Infuse is one of the rare apps in the App Store that packs in fully certified support for Dolby Digital Plus (AC3/E-AC3), DTS and DTS-HD audio. With Split View support on any iPad that works with iOS’s new multitasking modes, you can watch your favorite movies and TV shows in Infuse while checking your email, browsing the web, chatting or using any other Split View-enabled app in the useful side-by-side landscape multitasking mode. Next, it’s now possible to set up Infuse the way you like on one device and have those same settings automatically carried over to of your other Infuse devices. That’s because Infuse 5 now uses iCloud to keep all your shares, favorites, metadata, playback settings and Up Next items in sync on all your devices. And with Picture in Picture mode, you can detach any video playing in Infuse and continue watching it in an overlay that appears on top of your apps and Home screens. To enter this mode, tap the Picture in Picture icon on the iOS player. While DRM-protected movies and television shows purchased from the iTunes Store are not supported, a host of other media file types that don’t work on Apple platforms out of the box are, including: Video: 3GP, AVI, ASF, DIVX, DVR-MS, FLV, M4V, MKV, MOV, MP4, M2TS, MTS, OGM, OGV, TS, WEBM, WMV, WTV Audio: AAC, AC3/E-AC3, DOLBY TRUEHD, DTS/DTS-HD, FLAC, MP3, OGG, WMA Subtitles: DVB, DVDSUB, PGS, SMI, SSA/ASS, SRT, SUB, TIMED TEXT, VOB, SUB, XSUB Infuse uses TMDb and TheTVDB for media metadata and artwork. In addition to supporting the aforementioned media types, Infuse 5 now permits you to browse, stream and download your videos and other files from anywhere by storing them in the cloud. The app supports a variety of popular cloud services, including Dropbox, Google Drive and OneDrive. Other notable enhancements in Infuse 5 include overhauled video playback, automatic subtitle downloads and support for iOS Document Picker extensions. Here’s the full list of changes in Infuse 5. New: Native Split View and Picture in Picture on iPad iCloud based libraries let you keep shares, favorites, metadata corrections and playback settings in sync between all your devices. Dropbox, Google Drive and OneDrive cloud streaming Automatic subtitle downloads for synced files Import directly from other apps (iCloud, DS File, Dropbox, etc…) via iOS Document Picker Automatic loading of the first unwatched episode General settings are now included in iCloud backups New button layout on ticket Optional user/password authentication for browser uploads Added Ukrainian translation (thanks Alexandr!) Improved Many, many improvements and optimizations for iOS 10 Much improved VC-1 video playback Many general playback improvements Minor performance improvements for subtitle rendering Many other minor improvements Fixed Correct handling of system level zoom TV Show folders remain after last video is deleted Fixed issues with certain Blu-ray videos not opening Fixed issues with certain WMV files Fixed timing for embedded SRT subtitles Fix for missing watched indicator after metadata reload Fix for incorrect aspect ratio on certain movies Fix for playback issues related to files with edited out commercials Fix for chapter tracks listed as subtitles Fix for a long buffering on certain movies Fix for missing Hebrew subtitles Fix for browser uploads in Safari Fix for crashes when uploading files via FTP Many other minor fixes Infuse has long been my go-to app when it comes to playing “foreign” video file types (MKV, AVI, WMV, etc.) on my iOS and Apple TV devices because it transcodes media to iOS-friendly formats on the fly, directly on the device, without needing to use a server app running on a computer. It’s also one of the very few media players on the App Store that properly renders subtitles via AirPlay. To learn more about Infuse, check out the official website or see everything that’s been enhanced, improved, new and fixed in official release notes. Note that Infuse 5 is being released as a brand new app. Infuse 5 for iOS is a free download from the App Store with optional Pro features available as a subscription at $6.99 per year or as a standalone paid app with a one-time $12.99 In-App Purchase. Infuse for tvOS is available free in the tvOS App Store. To celebrate Infuse 5 launch, they’re letting everyone download the app and try all the Pro features for an entire month at no charge whatsoever. “If you love it (and we know you will) you can continue for just $6.99 per year,” developers note. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Infuse 5 gains collections, 3D Touch actions, video deinterlacing, searching on Apple TV & more Periscope introduces Replay Highlights, Live Autoplay and Tweet Embeds ABC revamps its iPhone, iPad and Apple TV apps, adds throwback shows Get ready for WWDC 2016 with official Apple TV app Related Topics App Store Apps, App Updates, Apple, Apple TV, Apple TV apps, Apps, FireCore, iCloud, Infuse, iOS, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Multitasking, News, Picture in Picture, Split View, tvOS Iliyan £9.99 for upgrading from Infuse Pro 4 seems a little steep… Is it worth it? Christian Zibreg You can upgrade for free for the first month. But if you ask me about value for money, it’s worth every single penny, especially if you need a comprehensive media center app on iOS and tvOS that can render anything your throw at it. It works with NAS devices, Time Capsule and other external storage devices. In my opinion, it’s the best, simplest and most feature complete media player app on the App Store. 5723alex . The app failed me more then once on video files where VLC succeeded. Alex Noyle How do you upgrade from Infuse Pro 4 to Infuse Pro 5? I don’t see anything on their website about an upgrade path. 5723alex . No upgrade. New app, new subscription. Iliyan Thanks, but how can I upgrade for free? Frank de Leeuw Just bought 4 last friday for € 10,– now i apparently need to pay € 12,– for 5. Feels a bit like theft. Captain Vyom I’m probably a bit late with this, but maybe you could try asking Apple for a refund. I’ve done that successfully in the past for accidental purchases, by asking within 24 hours. 5723alex . It seems Infuse 5 pro is a yearly subscription. 5723alex . Infuse 5 ? Just got Infuse 4.3.5 update for iPhone 7 plus iOS 10.2.3 beta. ZeRoLiMiT Whats new on AppleTV app? thats what i normaly use it for. Improve DTS or anything special? Why wouldn’t amazon cloud drive be available its one of the best askep3 I’d say the subscription is better considering they release a new version every year or so Jose Antonio Gomez Infuse is the only reason I have ATVs4 on my house, I use it since ATV2 with jailbreak. In my opinion if anyone cares, the price is very cheap for all the functions you get, but if you have already paid for the Infuse Pro I dont see the point to update for Infuse 5. But I repeat, the app worths every penny. Buy a TimeCapsule, downlod Vuze and enter ThePiratebay and thats It. TechnoBuff Absolutely… for 9.99 it is quite cheap. chuckisbusy 12.99 TechnoBuff i was referring to Infuse 4 askep3 is there a Mac app equivalent? just got a Mac, should I just use the default player? Alex Noyle I use VLC on the Mac, since Infuse isn’t available. askep3 Does it sync playback (so you can pick up watching from one device to the next)? Dodgy Debjit The only thing I don’t like about this app is connecting to and browsing the local network only works half the time and when it does it’s really slow (the connecting/browsing – not playback). VLC connects to and browses my LAN instantly. Just tried again to connect my NAS via SMB – just get the spinning wheel. It also doesn’t find any other shares. Not good. TechnoBuff You must be doing something wrong or maybe you have a slow connection. Infuse is the best media player out there and frankly the reason i got Apple TV 4 and sold my Dune media player. I have an old Qnap NAS and infuse connects to it effortlessly over a 25mb xfinity connection. Works wonderfully well once you set it up initially Dodgy Debjit Nope, same setup works fine with VLC TechnoBuff Well i bought the 9.99 infuse on ATV and connected it to my QNAP NAS through an Ethernet connection. On initial setup i connected the shares/folders from my NAS, Infuse scrubbed it and that was it. Every video load takes 3-4 seconds to play which is ideal for me. Dodgy Debjit Maybe the ATV version is less buggy than iPad / iPhone. TechnoBuff Maybe, i play mostly on my ATV. but haven’t had any issues when playing on my iPhone though andy_o With Infuse 4 I also have always had a lot of issues with speed on SMB, but DLNA is worse, trying to stream with BubbleUPNP on Android. Somehow I have to re-add the server every once in a while, cause it would just not connect. The other SMB and DLNA apps like VLC, PlayerXtreme and RManager do seem to work. I always end up using Infuse though, cause playback is smoother. Joaquim N. It’s not about if it’s worth or not, it’s all about what I already paid to have and now I gonna have to pay again if I want to continue to have it. That’s a terrible business model for sure! Christian Zibreg No one is forcing you to upgrade to Infuse 5 to continue using the app. Infuse 4 is still available in the App Store for those who don’t wish to upgrade and it’s being maintained, updated and supported. Igor Blauw Bought Infuse 5 Pro and can’t get the PIP function to work on my iPad Pro. The buttons for pip and AirPlay don’t appear 🙁 dave What a rip-off. I just purchased the latest (4) version two days ago — and while it works great, it’s a bit of a sham that a newer one gets released, and I have to pay all over again — well I don’t *have* to, nobody is forcing me, but still, to get the latest, I’d have to. Perhaps I’ll just request a refund from Apple and not bother with this app at all, since it seems I’m not the only one who’s upset about having to pay all over again, it’s even more of a sting for me, having only purchased it a few days ago, as I barely got an Apple TV… so yeah.. this sucks — and their “FWIW” comment is also irrelevant — yeah I get it, for software to evolve some costs need to come with it, but this seems truly ridiculous, and I’m sure I’m not the only one who has purchased recently — also, them saying there’s no way to offer an upgrade due to “Apple’s policies” or whatever is also BS, they could always give people redemption codes or whatever (though I’m sure those are limited, so likely not a practical option). Either way, truly unfair and dirty. Chris Wagers You should get refund from Apple then buy infuse 5. It’s easy to get refund. Alex Wish Infuse let you visually scrub through videos like Air Video Server and Plex do. Also, I place all my files in a public shared folder on my mac and created a separate sharing only account, and it takes FOREVER to load (sometimes it never does and I just get tired of waiting for it to load no more than 10 video files from my shared public network folder) when Air Video Server and Plex both load and refresh automatically. They also let me visually scrub and skip ahead 10-15 seconds of audio as well as select and turn off subtitle tracks as well as boost audio. Just wish Infuse worked more smoothly. Marijn Bleumink Why is there no iCloud drive support in Infuse 5 for ATV4? I would like to save my movies in iCloud drive and not in Google Drive.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 6, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News U.S. Says Putin Ordered Broad Campaign of Influence to Help Trump Win Election Intelligence Report Finds Hacking Was Part of Wider Effort By DAVID E. SANGER 6:11 PM ET American intelligence officials have concluded that Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, “ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.” The declassified intelligence report found that Mr. Putin developed “a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”  Comments Read the Report Highlights 8:26 PM ET Trump Alludes to Possibility of Russian Role in Hacking By MICHAEL D. SHEAR 3:23 PM ET Mr. Trump acknowledged the possibility that Russia had hacked American targets including the Democratic National Committee.  Comments Following the Links From the Hackers to the Election President-elect Donald Trump left One World Trade Center after a meeting on Friday. Credit Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images That Big Wall? For Now, Mexico Won’t Pay, Trump Says By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN 2:58 PM ET Mr. Trump made the comments Friday after Republicans in Congress started discussing ways to include the money in spending bills. RELATED COVERAGE U.S. Says Russians Behind Hack of Antidoping Agency 8:30 PM ET Congress Validates Trump’s Electoral College Victory 3:15 PM ET Eric Trump Helped Raise $16 Million, Hospital Says Briefing: D.N.C. Hack Didn’t Affect Election, Trump Says 5:59 PM ET Shooting at Airport in Fort Lauderdale Kills at Least 5 By LIZETTE ALVAREZ, NEIL REISNER and ADAM GOLDMAN 7:36 PM ET Eight people were also injured after a gunman opened fire in a crowded baggage terminal at the airport in Florida. Officials said they were investigating reports that the suspect, Esteban Santiago, 26, was mentally ill. Slide Show Loading... Watch: Witnesses at the Scene New York Reaches Deal to Shut Indian Point Nuclear Plant By VIVIAN YEE and PATRICK McGEEHAN The shutdown has been a long-held priority for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has said the plant poses too great a risk to New York City, less than 30 miles to the south.  Comments Wages Keep Rising Amid Tepid Job Growth in U.S. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:03 PM ET The unemployment rate edged up to 4.7 percent, but the bigger story was the best annual wage growth since the recovery began. The Upshot How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up By NEIL IRWIN Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:45 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times California Today: Cracking Down on Distracted Driving By MIKE McPHATE Friday: A strict new law for drivers, climate change hits wine country, and the California origins of “(Sittin’ on) the Dock of the Bay.” Smarter Living CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Tech reporter Brian X. Chen answered questions about what’s in store for consumer tech 2017. This May Be Why Your Workout Isn’t Working By GRETCHEN REYNOLDS People who don’t benefit from endurance workouts may get results from interval training, and vice versa, a new study suggests.  Comments Inside a Deadly Drug Epidemic America’s opioid crisis killed more than 33,000 people in 2015. These stories portray a nationwide affliction, from West Coast cities to Northeast bedroom communities. Kochs Court Blacks, Calling Fossil Fuels a Racial Issue By HIROKO TABUCHI Anticipating a fossil fuel resurgence, the ultraconservative brothers, who run an oil and petroleum conglomerate, are busily expanding their outreach. Papal Ally Takes Reins in Troubled Newark Archdiocese By JAMES BARRON 4:34 PM ET Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, who made headlines standing up for nuns and refugees, was installed on Friday as the leader of the Archdiocese of Newark. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 0:50 Syrian Girls Do Robotics Anna Therese Day for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Volkswagen Said to Be Close to Settling Justice Inquiry Into Emissions 4:24 PM ET Public Editor’s Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth Texas Moves to Limit Transgender Bathroom Access China Lays Out $360 Billion Plan for Renewable Energy U.S. Lists Bin Laden’s Son as a ‘Global Terrorist’ It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement A snapshot of five millennials shows that some of them are very serious about saving for retirement, busting the myth that their age group is free-spending. Michelle Obama, a First Lady Unlike Any Other In “The Meaning of Michelle,” 16 writers, many of them African-American women, share what it has been like to witness Mrs. Obama in the White House. 4 Movies to Know About Before the Golden Globes We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we flat-out hate. That’s life — at the movies, anyway. Listen as we discuss four movies in this episode of “Still Processing.” The Opinion Pages Trump’s Dangerous Anti-C.I.A. Crusade By MICHAEL J. MORELL 6:02 PM ET His attacks on the agency threaten our national security.  Comments Rumors of Hillary Clinton’s Comeback By FRANK BRUNI Trump only thought he got rid of her.  Comments Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside Brooks: The Home Buying Decision Krugman: Age of Fake Policy Kristof: Trump Denies Climate Change. These Kids Die of It. Text Your Way to College By DAVID L. KIRP 3:31 PM ET This low-cost solution could get poor students accepted to college to show up. Can a Bombay Strongman Explain Trump? By SUKETU MEHTA Bal Keshav Thackeray rode to power on a wave of bigotry. He might explain Trump. Egan: Erasing Obama Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News 5:28 PM ET Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Inside the Travel Section’s List of ‘52 Places to Go in 2017’ Times Insider » Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Young Mother’s Solitary, Uphill Struggle Myasia Williams, whose husband is in jail, struggles with motherhood, a job, school, bills, an overcrowded apartment and her husband’s absence. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Stop Punching Me, Darth Vader Opinion Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Travel 52 Places to Go in 2017 Television Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher and ‘Bright Lights’ Opinion The Jerusalem-First Option Asia Pacific Chinese Defy Pollution, a Stubborn Visitor Weddings At 6 p.m., Married. At 7:30 p.m., Onstage. Opinion The Health Care Plan Trump Voters Want Asia Pacific Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Lines of Convention Television Fred Armisen Finds All the World a Playground Opinion For Greece and Turkey, an Old Rivalry Flares Turkey’s demand that Greece extradite eight military officers has put the two countries at odds again. Book Review Rachel Cusk: By the Book Sections World » ‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America Business Day » Retiring: For Millennials, It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement Recovery Finally Yields Big Gains for Average Worker’s Pay Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside David Brooks: The Home Buying Decision U.S. » Inside a Killer Drug Epidemic: A Look at America’s Opioid Crisis 4 Black Suspects Charged in Videotaped Beating of White Teenager in Chicago Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade Technology » Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnerships Team Arts » What TV Says About Race and Money How ‘Bambi’ Got Its Look From 1,000-Year-Old Chinese Art How ‘Toni Erdmann’ Became an Unexpected Comedy Politics » What Intelligence Agencies Concluded About the Russian Attack on the U.S. Election In Tearful Finale, Michelle Obama Says, ‘I Hope I’ve Made You Proud’ Putin Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ Aimed at U.S. Election, Report Says Fashion & Style » He’d Like to Buy the World Something Other Than a Coke Appointment: This Men’s Wear Shop Is Not for Everyone Modern Love: Refreshing a Mother’s Memory With Love and Stories Movies » Watching While White: How Movies Tackled Race and Class in 2016 And the Nominees Should Be… Anatomy of a Scene: Kenneth Lonergan Narrates a Scene From ‘Manchester by the Sea’ New York » Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant to Close by 2021 Cardinal Tobin, New Newark Archbishop, Cites ‘Chasm Between Life and Faith’ Sports » Nick Saban Is Not Just Alabama’s Coach, He’s Also Its Super-Scout Giants Coach Becomes a Zinger Magnet on His Way to the Playoffs James Harden Meets Russell Westbrook in a Battle of Perpetual Motion Theater » ‘Lula del Ray,’ a Spectral Parade of Fantastical Images Lucas Hedges Moves From ‘Manchester’ to the Stage Review: ‘The Fever’ Finds That Friendliness Can Be Contagious Science » Trilobites: Bats Like Their Plant Nectar Sweet — Though Maybe the Plants Know Better Trilobites: Light Pillars, a Million-Mirror Optical Illusion on Winter Nights Trilobites: A Metal Ball the Size of Massachusetts That NASA Wants to Explore Obituaries » Jill Saward, Advocate for Victims of Sexual Assault, Dies at 51 Jeremy Stone, Who Influenced Arms Control During Cold War, Dies at 81 Milt Schmidt, Hall of Fame Center for Bruins, Dies at 98 Television » Tom Hardy Is at Home as Hero and Villain in ‘Taboo’ It’s Home Sweet ‘Homeland’ for Season 6 Critic's Notebook: 15 TV Shows to Watch This Season Health » Feed Your Kids Peanuts, Early and Often, New Guidelines Urge Is Your Cocktail Making You Sick? Well: Is the Sleep Aid Melatonin Safe for Children and Adults? Travel » 52 Places to Go in 2017 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Ottawa Pursuits: Where Sustainable Travel Is Headed in 2017 Books » Nonfiction: What Not to Eat: ‘The Case Against Sugar’ Nonfiction: A Feminist’s Biography of Steven Spielberg Focuses on His Jewish Identity Books of The Times: Review: ‘The Meaning of Michelle,’ a First Lady Unlike Any Other Education » Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade A Majority Agreed She Was Raped by a Stanford Football Player. That Wasn’t Enough. Sinosphere: Shanghai’s Move to Curb International Programs in Schools Worries Parents Food » A Good Appetite: Swedish Meatballs, From the Comfort of Home Hungry City: Paraguay and Venezuela, Together at the Table, at Karu Café in Queens Restaurant Review: Fast Food for Needy Neighborhoods, at Locol in California Sunday Review » News Analysis: Feminism Lost. Now What? Editorial: Can Russia Make Peace as Well as War? Frank Bruni: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher: Hollywood’s Mother-Daughter Fable Real Estate » 360 View: 2017: Year of the Renter Renters: Working and Living in a Bushwick Gallery The Fix: A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap The Upshot » Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Urban Studies: How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime Pink-Collar Work: Why Men Don’t Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women Magazine » Feature: Cyberwar for Sale Feature: One Man’s Quest to Change the Way We Die Feature: In Search of Post-Brexit England, and Swans Automobiles » Trump’s Twitter Warning to Toyota Unsettles Japanese Carmakers Driven: The Kia Soul Exclaim Adds Pep to Its Boxy Figure Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better T Magazine » On the Verge: Brand to Know: Thin, Simple Turtlenecks, Inspired by a Designer’s Grandmother My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: David Copperfield Viewfinder: Soulful, Meditative Photos of a Never-Ending Vacation Times Insider » Live Event: Gail Collins and Frank Bruni: The Next Four Years With Donald J. Trump Talk to The Times: Should the Affordable Care Act Be Repealed? Insider Podcasts: Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Real Estate » The Fix A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Options Action Options Action Latest Video Tutorials Terminology Options Action Traders About Disclaimer Here’s why it could be a happy holiday for Apple: Technician Heidi Chung | @heidi_chung Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 3:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Happy holidays for Apple?    Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 6:00 PM ET | 07:23 ‹ 07:23 Happy holidays for Apple?    11/18/16 6:00 PM ET 04:21 Why you should fade the dollar rally    11/18/16 6:00 PM ET 03:35 Fade the retail rally & a sweet Home Depot trade    11/18/16 6:00 PM ET › Tech stocks have bounced back from their post-election slump, and one technical analyst says the good times are just getting started for one name in particular: Apple. After initially lagging the broader market, the Nasdaq Composite has surpassed the S&P 500 since November 8, up 4 percent while the S&P is up 3 percent. Recent rallies from big tech names such as Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet and Microsoft have all helped propel the index to record highs — but it's the biggest of them all, Apple, that Cornerstone Macro's Carter Worth says could continue to lead the charge. "To me, this looks like [Apple is] going to move higher," Worth said Friday on CNBC's "Options Action." Analyzing Apple's chart, Worth noted some key technical levels to consider. He pointed out that Apple's absolute low from about six months ago was at $89.50, whereas the absolute high of about two weeks ago was $118.50 — a $29 move. The recent low after the election fell at $104. "That's exactly $14.50 — $14.50 is half of $29. So that is a 50 percent retracement. It's not random that it stopped exactly there and bounced back," Worth explained. A $14.50 move from the current stock price of about $111.60 would put Apple within spitting distance of its all-time high hit back in April 2015. "I'm going to make the bet that the bounce is going to continue. I'm going to be long Apple," he said. Apple was up more than 1 percent during Monday's session. Options Action Newsletter: Sign up to receive exclusive Options Action content. Each month you'll receive an exclusive message from host Melissa Lee and insight directly from one of the members of our Options Action panel. Keep your pulse on the market with the Options Action newsletter. Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Submit Please enter a valid email address To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy. Heidi ChungAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- NASD 100 --- Options Action Technician makes contrarian call on health care Trader makes $2 million bet on JetBlue One big bet has an airline stock taking off in the new year. Trader bets Weight Watchers shares still have room to run Trader bets on more pain for a beaten Dow stock One technician is betting that Nike will continue to disappoint following its earnings report this week. More From Options Action Where the consumer is spending money    Missed the record run? Here's how to catch up    The Final Call: CCL & QQQ    Beautiful biotech call    Bank on more gains?    Options Action: Alibaba rally ahead?    Options Action: Trader bets Delta will continue to soar    Options Action: Bearish bet against Verizon    The Final Call: Health care,Celgene & more    A solid gold trade    Contact Options Action Email: optionsaction@cnbc.com Showtimes Fridays, 5:30p ET Saturday, 6a ET Sunday, 6a ET Tweets by @CNBCOptions Melissa Lee Melissa Lee is the host of CNBC's “Fast Money” and “Options Action.” Sponsored Related Links Trade on thinkorswim Get knock-your-socks-off tools, simple one-click orders, real-time paper trading to hone your skills, and 24/7 support from dedicated trading specialists. Trade commission-free for 60 days and get up to $600 cash. Trade Free for 60 Days + Get Up to $600 Trade options, stocks, futures + forex on thinkorswim. More on thinkorswim by TD Ameritrade thinkorswim Make sure you’re always keeping up with the market with up-to-the-minute news and breaking stories. Move on possible breakout stocks and options with potential opportunity. Plus, get in-depth analysis on futures and forex in one seamless, integrated experience. Join TD Ameritrade and trade commission-free for 60 days + get up to $600 cash. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple said to abandon development of wireless routers MARK GURMAN Last updated 08:22, November 22 2016 Apple hasn't refreshed its routers since 2013 and has now disbanded the division. Apple has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company's focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn't been publicly announced. Apple hasn't refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn't currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company's plans. Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Apple currently sells three wireless routers, the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time capsule. The Time capsule doubles as a backup storage hard drive for Mac computers. The products make up a small slice of Apple's revenue and are part of Apple's "other products" category on its financial statements. The category, which includes the Apple Watch and Apple TV, generated US$11.1 billion in fiscal 2016, or about 5 per cent of total sales. Exiting the router business could make Apple's product ecosystem less sticky. Some features of the AirPort routers, including wireless music playback, require an Apple device like an iPhone or Mac computer. If the company no longer sells wireless routers, some may have a reason to use other phones and PCs. Ad Feedback The core of the technology in routers comes from chipmakers such as Broadcom that advance wi-fi technology through developing the fundamental components. While router makers can differentiate the design of their products, the number of antennas and the software that controls them, they reliant on advances first made by chipmakers to be able to offer new, higher-performing models. Apple's AirPorts have historically lagged behind those of companies such as D-Link, Netgear and Belkin, which have rushed to adopt new standards. Apple, which has charged more for its routers, has focused more on integrating control of its devices into its computer operating system and industrial design. The company's decision to leave the business may be a boon for other wireless router makers. Earlier this year, Apple stopped making its own external monitors and in October introduced a new strategy by selling new high-resolution screens for professional users with LG.  - The Washington Post Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: Apple to repair iPhone 6 Plus 'touch disease' - for a price Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Africa's next top programmer Norway's risky switch to digital Everything Samsung at Las Vegas Space scientist's world tour How dating works in 2017 New 'Star Trek' smartphone Watchdog eyes Steam refunds Car with a mind of its own Zuckerberg's 2017 personal challenge FaceTime blamed for fatal crash Fear not, droids won't kill jobs World's first Street View skydive McDonald's hungry for NZ tech Google app scans your photo memories Tech you can expect in 2017 Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented US airport shooter had gun in checked bag: Five dead, eight wounded at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years Man shot by police in Whanganui had violent history Jamie Oliver to shut six UK restaurants, blaming Brexit for making ingredients too expensive Woman's body found on beach near Opotiki Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died Waikato man slapped by rest-home caregiver dies after months living happily with family Morning trivia quiz: January 7 Phantom credits result of timing issue processing debit card transactions Missing boatie Alan Langdon estranged from close family Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died The health reason behind why you need to wash new clothes before wearing them Rolleston or Rangiora: Which is Christchurch's premier satellite town? Kimbal Musk â Elon's brother â just opened a shipping container farm compound in New York City 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years The 5 secrets behind Louise Parker's 'anti-diet diet' Sleeping Australian woman bitten repeatedly by funnel web spider What happens when narcissists become parents? How to use your treadmill for more than a boring walk or run 5 minute gardener: What to do this weekend special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Indexed | Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2017 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Entertainment home uk us world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Subscribe to eNewsletter Multiple Shooting Deaths Reported At Fort Lauderdale Airport Bishop Warns Of 'Serious Risks' To CofE Reputation After Cathedral Cash Crisis Poirot Star David Suchet Will Read The Entire Gospel Of Mark In St Paul's Cathedral Is It The Job Of Christians To Change The World? Why It's OK To Laugh At 'The Real Housewives Of ISIS' New Year, New Hope: Is It Time To Try Online Dating? Jill Saward – A Saint For Our Times Homeless Get Picnic At The Vatican Courtesy Of Pope Francis The One Piece Of Advice That Could Save Your Marriage 10 Stunning Photos Of Christians Celebrating The Feast Of The Epiphany Around The World iPhone 6 Plus touch disease update: Apple to fix touchscreen issues for $149 Shiena Bernardino Reporter 21 November 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it Next Post >> x To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video A promotional image for the Apple iPhone 6 PlusApple official website Apple finally admitted that the iPhone 6 Plus suffers from the "touch disease," but they will only fix it for a price. Users complained that their iPhone 6 Plus suffer from touchscreen issues where the device turns unresponsive with some gray flickering bars seen on top of the screen after the device had been dropped several times on a hard surface. The repair website iFixit declared in August that such problems on iPhone 6 Plus and its smaller cousin, the iPhone 6, are common. The site also mentioned that the issue comes from the faulty chips that were equipped inside the device, which will turn loose when the smartphone has been dropped or bent. It took several months before Apple recognized the issue. The company even received several class-action lawsuits from different consumer groups in the states of Utah and California, as well as in other countries like Canada, because they did not address the issue. But in a recent press release, the Cupertino-based tech giant announced that they will now fix the issue if the users are willing to pay $149. Advertisement As per the press release, the tech firm will fix the "touch disease" infected iPhone 6 Plus as long as it is still in working condition, and the screen is not broken or cracked. The company will also reimburse those who have paid to repair their iPhone 6 Plus units for the same issue if they had it repaired through Apple or any Apply Authorized Service Provider. The amount of the reimbursement will be based on the difference of the price paid by the users for the original service and the $149 service price under the new Multi-Touch Repair Program of the company. At the moment, however, the Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus does not apply to the services for iPhone 6 devices that also suffer from the "touch disease." On the other hand, Canada's CBC News revealed that Apple customers are disappointed with the "pitiful" solution for the "touch disease," and most are not willing to pay just to have their devices fixed. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it At Least 30 Dead In Suicide Attack On Afghanistan Mosque, Claimed By ISIS Thousands March In Support Of Top Christian Politician Facing Blasphemy Investigation Tweet Email More News in Entertainment Chris Pratt Recalls Turning Point in His Life When Stranger Said to Him, 'Jesus Told Me to Talk to You' Chris Pratt has revealed that he owes a stranger everything that he has now, especially his faith from where his success as an actor sprang. Duggar Family Shares First Photo of New Addition To Their Family, Tyler, While Requesting for More Privacy The Duggar family from "19 Kids and Counting" has been very quiet about the newest addition to their family, but just recently, Christian couple Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar figured it's about time they introduce their adopted son Tyler to their fans. RECOMMENDED STORIES New Year, New Hope: Is It Time To Try Online Dating? The One Piece Of Advice That Could Save Your Marriage 10 Stunning Photos Of Christians Celebrating The Feast Of The Epiphany Around The World Should The Crucifixion Come With A 'Trigger Warning' For Students? 'God Just Came Into My Heart One Afternoon': The Extraordinary Life Of George Washington Carver Who Divided The Bible Into Chapters And Verses? Is The Two State Solution Dead? What Trump May Do About Israel And The Palestinians Weep With Mothers Who Lose Their Children, Pope Tells General Audience Has God become Boring? How To Divine That Awesome Glory AROUND THE WORLD Virgin Mary Painting 'Sheds Tears'; Believers Say It's a Warning Sign of a Catastrophic Event 10 Stunning Photos Of Christians Celebrating The Feast Of The Epiphany Around The World Attacks On Nigerian Christians Spark National Day Of Mourning Evangelical Pastor Sentenced To Over Two Years In Prison In China How A Christian Ministry Is Reaching Out To Trafficked North Korean Women Missing Chibok Schoolgirl Kidnapped By Boko Haram Found With Baby In Nigeria Get the Christian news that matters straight to your inbox! Most popular Who Divided The Bible Into Chapters And Verses? Nashville Megachurch Pastor Who Resigned Now Facing Divorce Gospel Singer Kim Burrell Defends 'Anti-Gay' Sermon As Backlash Spirals 8 Vital Truths About Forgiveness The One Thing Husbands Should NEVER Do When Their Wives Are Upset With Them Pope Francis Might Allow Married Catholic Priests, Says Top Theologian The 12 Worst Countries For Christian Persecution Around The World MORE ON CHRISTIAN TODAY Why Churches Should Stop Being Obsessed With Growth The 12 Worst Countries For Christian Persecution Around The World Revelation 9: Are We Heading Into the Abyss? Does It Really Matter What A Christian Believes? home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today is a Christian Media Corporation Company Copyright © 2017 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Edition: Intl UK
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Mobiles & Tablets Apple For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Nov 22 2016 at 7:03 AM Updated Nov 22 2016 at 7:03 AM Save article Print Apple to replace faulty iPhone batteries Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit A profile of Vladimir Putin appears above the coat of arms of Russia on the casing of an 18 carat gold-plated "Ti Gold Supremo Putin" bespoke iPhone 6s. The battery issue involves "a very small number" of iPhone 6S models. Bloomberg by Brett Molina Apple says it will replace the batteries on some models of the iPhone 6S that could unexpectedly shut down, but pose no safety risk. The company says the smartphones affected were manufactured between September and October last year. If your phone is affected, Apple will swap in a new battery free of charge. The battery issue involves "a very small number" of iPhone 6S models, according to a support page on Apple's website detailing how to replace the device's battery. Users can contact an authorised service provider or a local Apple store to have the battery replaced. The replacements will not involve any of the wireless carriers that support the iPhone. Reports of iPhone 6S devices unexpectedly shutting down date back to October last year, weeks after Apple launched the smartphone, along with the larger iPhone 6S Plus. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Apple is not the only company having to deal with issues related to its smartphone's battery. This year, Samsung discontinued the Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after reports overheating batteries could cause the device to catch fire or explode. MCT Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Related articles Ten years of the iPhone 1 hr ago Apple's App Store grabs $27b for developers At CES, Acer debuts its $12,300 gaming laptop An iPhone's journey, from factory to store How China lured Apple to make iPhone there Latest Stories 'Total panic': Suspected gunman identified 43 mins ago Ten years of the iPhone 1 hr ago Economists slap down Trumponomics More Poppy King to Frank Lowy: Best of AFR Mag How Tim Cahill is getting rich off-field, too Chanel is moving into wine. Here's why. Fashion for summer, from Paul Smith to Prada How fashion sources global and sells local Meet the nation's sharpest minds: Best of BOSS 2016 How to create a good company culture LGBTI executives lead by example The Boss-Deloitte LGBTI leaders list 2016 Where the business crowd meets in Paris Go bright with Life & Leisure's luxury list Men's briefs, luxury fashion: Best of Life & Leisure 2016 Spoil yourself with these latest luxury goods Pointy-end flight packs worth taking home Magic Millions debut kicks off summer of polo Special Reports How Russia overtook China as cyber enemy No.1 How to build digital leadership Digital economy can be the key to prosperity Pushing customer-centric approach Reconnaissance probes a constant problem Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd © Copyright 2017 Reprints & Permissions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions of Use Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple reportedly stops making WiFi routers Engadget Jon Fingas 11/21/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Provided by Engadget We hope you weren't dead set on getting a new AirPort Extreme any time soon. Bloombergsources claim that Apple has "disbanded" its WiFi router division, quietly ramping it down over the past year as team members joined other divisions (including the Apple TV group). Reportedly, the shutdown is meant to "sharpen the company's focus" on those devices that make up the bulk of its revenue. A spokesperson wouldn't confirm the move, but Apple hasn't introduced a new router since 2013 -- it's not as if they had a lot of work on their plate. It's a quiet end for a team that, at one point, was crucial to the proliferation of WiFi. The original AirPort Base Station, along with the first iBook laptop, helped popularize the very concept of wireless networking. Remember a keynote crowd freaking out when Steve Jobs showed that he didn't need an Ethernet cable to surf the web? For a while, Apple was usually one of the first companies to adopt a new WiFi standard -- it would even use draft specs and update once the technology was finished. It also made important strides in networked audio (through the AirPort Express) and fully integrated network backups (Time Capsule). However, it's not surprising if Apple is bowing out. Much like what we saw when it stopped making displays, the company is facing an increasingly commoditized market where rivals have to compete on purely iterative upgrades like increased coverage. Even speedy 802.11ad WiFi isn't a big selling point. How does Apple stand out (and thus make a profit) when most routers are fast enough, cloud backups are simple and networked audio is just a matter of buying a wireless speaker? As sad as it might be to see the AirPort line fade away, it's not nearly as important to Apple's success as it once was. Bloomberg Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Engadget Toshiba's Portege X20W is a sleek, durable convertible Engadget LG will back away from modular phones with the G6 Engadget Razer built a laptop with three screens because why not? Engadget Samsung ventures into PC gaming with Notebook Odyssey Engadget Engadget View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   How Apple’s getting warm and fuzzy for the holidays By Patrick May / November 21, 2016 at 9:45 AM First came Amazon, with its heartwarming if slightly sappy television ad proposing a Kumbaya moment for the post-election discord consuming the nation of late. That ad featured an aging priest and an imam enjoying a bit of bromance while ordering cool things for each other on Amazon Prime. This week, as Donald Trump tweets out curious messages in the middle of the night and his VP-elect gets schooled by the cast of Hamilton, we have Apple weighing in with its own why-can’t-we-all-just-get-along pitch. Have a peek: Apple’s 2016 Christmas ad features Frankenstein’s monster making an awkward attempt to play nice with his fellow villagers in some snowbound hamlet and, in the process, warming the cockles of everyone’s heart, both onscreen and off. The monster is played by “Everybody Loves Raymond” star Brad Garrett, who also did “Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World,” “An Extremely Goofy Movie,” and “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows.”  In his Apple role, instead of coming out of the shadows, Garrett’s creepy character comes out of his isolated cabin, bringing with him the gift of song to his startled neighbors. “An unexpected holiday visitor finally receives the warm welcome he’s always yearned for,” the ad’s description on YouTube says. With a syrupy version of “No Place Like Home” playing in the background, the monster is embraced by the village, much like Apple apparently wants us all to embrace each other, regardless of which side of the political aisle we sit on, and preferably holding an iPhone 7 while we do it. The two commercials represent a major cheek-turning, as both Apple and Amazon have been stung by election politics. Last February, candidate Trump blasted Apple for not cooperating with an FBI request and subsequent court order to help investigators unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters. Cook did not support Trump in the election and afterward wrote an internal memo to Apple employees, basically telling them to stand united, regardless of whom they supported in the campaign, and get back to work: We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, who owns the Washington Post, also took heat from Trump during his White House run. Coming on the heels of a report that the Post had put together a team of 20 reporters to dig into Trump’s real-estate holdings, the candidate attacked Bezos and accused him of using the newspaper to try and fight against higher taxes for Amazon. Trump said the company is “getting away with murder, tax-wise. [Bezos is] using the Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don’t tax Amazon like they should be taxed,” Trump told Fox News host Sean Hannity. Last week, Amazon found its inner mellow, putting out this saccharin plea for everyone to get along, complete with a perfectly placed product placement: Photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event in San Francisco in 2015. (Eric Risberg/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: ad, advertisement, Apple, commercial, Donald Trump   More Posts in Silicon Beat Zillow predicts metro San Jose’s 10 hottest neighborhoods for 2017 January 6, 2017   Jesse Jackson pushes Uber to release diversity data January 6, 2017   Facebook hires former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to lead news partnerships team January 6, 2017       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay is reduced after company… Google Glass a solution for NFL concussions? Disturbing attack streamed on Facebook Live highlights… Lawsuit accuses Snap of lying to investors, public ahead of…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Gallery Business Apple killing its AirPort wireless division By Todd Haselton | November 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is shutting down its wireless router business, Bloomberg said Monday. The company is reportedly going to focus on its other product categories, like iPhone, iPad and Mac, instead of developing wireless routers that deliver a large chunk of its quarterly revenues. Apple has already started to lay off employees who worked on the company’s AirPort family of wireless router products, Bloomberg said, noting that some employees were moved to other teams to work on different products, such as the Apple TV. The move isn’t all that surprising considering Apple hasn’t released a new AirPort product in about three years. The industry has moved forward while Apple hasn’t really done much in the way of launching new products. Its competitors, including Google, have entered the business. Apple didn’t keep up with competitors Google’s OnHub system, for example, launched last year while it recently just began accepting orders for its new Google Wifi home routers. The wireless access points are capable of talking to one another and creating a mesh network inside a user’s house. Apple’s AirPort products have typically been more expensive than other options on the market. Some offered additional features, like the AirPort Time Capsule, which packaged up to 3TB of network storage, but most AirPort products didn’t provide features that consumers could buy elsewhere for much less. As Bloomberg notes, Apple took a similar approach with its display business earlier this year, deciding to stop selling Apple-branded displays while selling products developed by partners such as LG. It’s possible we’ll see Apple continue that method with the wireless business, recommending routers that work well with its products in stores. Apple’s AirPort products are still for sale on its website. They may continue to be on sale until Apple runs out of stock or decides to kill each one individually, but don’t expect any new products since there’s no longer a team building them. Source Bloomberg Topics #Apple #Airport #Apple Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Computers/Gallery Computers Apple responds to latest new MacBook Pro criticism By Danny Zepeda | November 21, 2016 Part of: Apple Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple’s new MacBook Pro is still experiencing a lot of criticism of over the omission of important pro tools. One of those omissions was the lack of RAM options beyond 16GB. Apple isn’t sitting still and is responding to the controversy, trying to clarify why it didn’t include a 32GB option. “The MacBook Pro uses 16GB of very fast LPDDR memory, up to 2133MHZ,” Apple’s Phil Schiller explained to MacDaddy, responding to the question about the RAM issue. “To support 32GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is now low power and also require a different design of the logic board which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life.” This answer falls in line with Apple’s previous answers to the question. It’s also not surprising to see Apple to take such a stand. LPDDR3 RAM, which is more efficient than other options, caps out at 16GB. Anything higher than that and Apple would have to use a different CPU given the current MacBook Pro chip (Intel Skylake) doesn’t support LPDDR4 RAM. This would have made the shift a fragmented mess. Apple made the tough but correct decision with new MacBook Pro’s RAM This is no doubt frustrating for some users, but it seems to be the only way Apple was willing to deal with the situation. With reviews already coming out, battery life is turning out to be not as good as with previous MacBook Pros. We recently got the new MacBook Pros into the office and can confirm the battery life on the Touch Bar MacBooks isn’t anything to brag about, but we’ll leave the rest of our conclusions until the final review. We can only imagine just how terrible battery life would have been with 32GB of RAM, if Apple’s claims that it would cut battery life are indeed true. Source MacDaddy Topics #Apple #Apple #MacBook Pro Apple Updates 223 Consumer Reports won’t recommend new MacBook Pros due to battery life December 23 222 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar: How does it hold up one month later? December 16 221 Apple confirms iTunes Connect will close down for the holidays November 30 220 Ask the Buffalo: MacBook Pro with Touch Bar or Surface Book? November 29 219 Apple responds to latest new MacBook Pro criticism November 21 218 Apple and LG’s 4K monitor delivers a stunning display November 14 See All Updates Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple is Exiting the Router Business as Microsoft and D-Link work on Super Wi-Fi based on 802.11af | Main | Key Component Shortages for Next-Gen Notebooks like the MacBook Pro will Push Shipments into 2017 » November 21, 2016 Even in the Quickly Growing Refurbished Smartphone Market Apple's Pricing seems to be Defying Gravity Apple recently began selling refurbished iPhones officially through its online store for the first time earlier this month. You were able to trade in your iPhones for some time now, but Apple used a third party to refurbish and resell the older iPhones. Even Apple's refurbished iPhones cost more that some new Android smartphones to show you the pricing power that Apple has. Selling refurbished smartphones is becoming a huge business as subsidies lessen and Apple is getting on board this new trend.   According to a new IDC report "The market for used and refurbished smartphones has witnessed rapid growth over the past several years, thanks to a wide variety of trade-in and buyback programs across multiple channels and platforms. In the United States, most major carriers, retailers, and many online retailers (e-tailers) have implemented some type of trade-in strategy or platform to purchase used devices at a deep discount.   A new forecast from International Data Corporation (IDC) estimates that the market for used smartphones will grow from 81.3 million devices in 2015 to 222.6 million units in 2020, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 22.3%.   Anthony Scarsella, research manager for IDC's Mobile Phone s program stated for the report that "The demand for refurbished smartphones is already becoming constrained in countries such as the United States. Mobile operators are the most constrained given the need for replacement devices for customers who have purchased device insurance plans.   In addition, used handsets provide an additional option for customers with subprime credit making them ineligible for equipment installment plans. With the average selling price for a used device expected to be $136 in 2020, the total market value for used devices in 2020 will be an estimated $30 billion."   Of course the average doesn't apply to Apple as you can see by our cover graphic. Apple's iPhone 6s standard and Plus models are nowhere near the $136 average selling price. Even in the refurbished market Apple is defying gravity. The demand for Apple iPhones is so high that their refurbished models cost more than half of new Android phones on the market today.   IDC's Will Stofega, program director, Mobile Phones added that "The used smartphone market will impact OEMs, mobile operators, and component suppliers, thus IDC has committed new resources to help customers understand and plan for this new and potentially disruptive force. Although there is a potential downside to mobile ecosystem suppliers, IDC believes that the used smartphone market also presents new opportunities to grow revenue and increase market share."   According to IDC's taxonomy, a refurbished smartphone is a device that has been used and disposed of at a collection point by its owner. Once the device has been examined and classified as suitable for refurbishment, it is sent off to facility for reconditioning and is eventually sold via a secondary market channel. A refurbished smartphone is not a "hand me down" or gained as the result of a person-to-person sale or trade.   If Apple can't refurbish an iPhone, they simply feed them to Liam who painstakingly and meticulously dismantles iPhones down to the bone or metal rib so that each part is carefully prepared for recycling.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 21, 2016 at 12:37 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Galaxy Note 7 battery disaster did NOT damage Samsung's brand in US: 91% of users say they'll stick with the firm Poll found Samsung users as loyal to their brand as iPhone customers 91% percent of current Samsung users would likely purchase another By Reuters Published: 07:00 EST, 21 November 2016 | Updated: 14:54 EST, 21 November 2016 e-mail 9 shares 12 View comments A global recall of fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphones did not appear to hurt U.S. consumers' willingness to buy Samsung Electronics phones, a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Sunday showed. The survey conducted Oct. 26 to Nov. 9 found that current Samsung smartphone users were as loyal to their brand as Apple iPhone customers. It also found that people who knew about the recall were as interested in Samsung phones as those who did not. Scroll down for video  The full-page ads in the Wall Street Journal, New York Times and Washington Post admitted the company 'fell short' on its promise of delivering 'breakthrough technologies that enrich people's lives.' Samsung was plunged into a global scandal after Note 7 phones caught fire this year, prompting a worldwide recall.  Some customers reported fixed phones overheated, leading Samsung to take back replacements as well.  Investors expected Samsung customers would turn to alternatives, chiefly Apple's iPhone 7. Among those aware of the recall, 27 percent would first consider a Samsung smartphone if they were to shop for a phone, the poll showed.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Nasa finally publishes controversial fuel free 'impossible... Being a mean girl does pay off: Researchers find 'nicer'... Would YOU have a Netflix chip implanted in your head? Firm... The creepy website that tracks your every move:... Share this article Share Among those who did not know about the recall, 25 percent would look first at a Samsung device. The poll found that Samsung's customers were fiercely loyal to their brand.  Some 91 percent of current Samsung users would likely purchase another Samsung smartphone, and 92 percent of current users would probably buy another Samsung product in general. That was similar to the brand loyalty among current iPhone owners: 92 percent would likely buy another iPhone and 89 percent would likely buy another Apple product. To be sure, it was unclear how much the Samsung recall weighed on the minds of consumers.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll measured how interested people were in buying Samsung phones, not how much the recall directly influenced their decisions. Samsung has permanently discontinued the Galaxy Note 7, due to some exploding, and asked users to return their device for a refund or exchange. They could have avoided the disaster by giving the Note 7 devices a user-removable battery. Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said the recall was mostly limited to early adopters rather than the majority of Samsung's customer base, which limited negative user experiences. "Your own personal experience trumps what you read and what people tell you," Dawson said. Samsung has said that customers chose another Samsung model as a replacement for the Note 7 in a majority of instances, without giving more detail. It has said nearly 85 percent of the recalled Note 7 devices had been replaced or returned through its refund and exchange program as of Nov. 4. Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said the recall was mostly limited to early adopters rather than the majority of Samsung's customer base, which limited negative user experiences. In a statement it said it was now focused on "ensuring customer safety and understanding the root cause of the issue." The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states.  It included 2,375 people who own Samsung phones and 3,158 people who own iPhones.  The poll has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points. WHY WERE THE BATTERIES EXPLODING?   Lithium batteries are use in a range of consumer electronic devices, favored by manufacturers because they are lightweight and pack much more energy into a small space than other power cells. But storing so much energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls, makes them susceptible to overheating if exposed to high temperatures, damage or flaws in manufacturing.  If the separators fail, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control.  Koh Dong-jin, Samsung's mobile president told reporters in Seoul: 'The flaw in the manufacturing process resulted in the negative electrodes and the positive electrodes coming together.' It is unclear how Samsung failed to discover the battery problem before launching the Note 7.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (12) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Alarming 'doom spiral' animation reveals just how large the drop in global sea ice levels were in 2016 How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office... Samsung's profit jumps 50% despite Galaxy Note 7 exploding phone fiasco that cost it £2.4 BILLION It's a verified UFO! Chile releases footage of a mystery object flying towards a navy helicopter after... The incredible sparking soil on the MOON: NASA reveals solar storms can cause 'miniature lightning strikes' Is the Pope worried about hackers? Snap shows pontiff reading from an iPad with camera blocked by a sticker Hulu gives first glimpse of its $40 a month live TV service, and says it will launch within weeks We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  Are you an explorer, a visionary or a director when it comes to email? Researchers say our personality... Would YOU take it? Scientists discover breakthrough blood test that could 'predict how long people will... 92 BILLION videos were watched on Pornhub in 2016 - with Mississippi spending the longest time per visit and... Apple cut Tim Cook's salary by $1.5M for failing to meet sales targets (but don't worry, he still took home... A long way from home: Incredible image reveals the Earth and moon – as seen from 127 million miles away by... Mark your calendars! A dazzling supernova will appear in the sky in 2022, predict astronomers MORE HEADLINES Meet 'Prosthesis', the terrifying 14ft-tall 'anti-robot' that can carry a human and run over 20mph almost SILENTLY A zombie outbreak could come close to wiping out humanity in 100 days: Scientists reveal their tips to survive Look up tonight! Dazzling Northern Lights display could reach millions across the world this evening 'The Day After Tomorrow' could become a reality: Climate change could cause ocean currents to COLLAPSE plunging the Northern hemisphere into an ice age, warn scientists Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office bully Is civilisation heading for a COLLAPSE? Mathematical historian predicts political turmoil will peak in the 2020s America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Is this Samsung's Galaxy S8? Leaked photo reveals curved gold handset - and no home button  Iceberg the size of Delaware is 'hanging by a thread' in Antarctica  - and it could lead to a 10cm rise in global sea levels Does this ham look blurry to you? Bizarre shopping snap becomes first optical illusion meme of 2017 The stunning sunset maps of the world: Incredible images reveal hills and mountains around the globe shrouded in shadows just before sunset on a summer solstice Is this the love-child of a pharaoh? Egyptian mummy thought to be a dead bird turns out to be a miscarried baby The ultimate laptop? Razer unveils Project Valerie machine with THREE giant 17 inch screens that fold out LG reveals 'wallpaper' TV just 2.6mm thin and so light it can be hung on the wall with MAGNETS MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over Red hot! Larsa Pippen sizzles in a skimpy string bikini and rocks cornrows as she hits Miami Beach Mother-of-two, 42, turned heads on the sand   Walking on the wild side! Nicky Hilton steps out in NYC wearing leopard print coat with skintight PVC leggings She was fresh from a skiing trip to Aspen  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim 5.3k comments 6 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Chris Davies - Nov 21, 2016 5 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google’s new home networking system, Google WiFi, may not be actually out juggling internet packets in users homes yet, but that hasn’t stopped the company from declaring a premature mesh victory. Announced in early October, the cylindrical router doesn’t just aim to replicate what the existing OnHub does, but goes beyond it by allowing multiple units to work together. It’s called mesh networking and, while Google isn’t the first company to attempt it in the home, the search giant is claiming to be best at it. As a single unit, Google WiFi works much as a regular router does: sharing out a single internet connection with multiple wirelessly-connected devices, whether they be your smartphone, laptop, smart TV, games console, or something else. The mesh aspect comes in when two or more Google WiFi boxes are combined. Then, they identify as a single network, with clients wirelessly connecting to whichever is closest. The upshot is that those with large properties – or places that are less conducive to wireless networks in general, through having concrete walls or being spread over several levels, for instance – can extend coverage without having to run physical ethernet cables. There’s no worry about roaming between hotspots with different SSID names or having to manually choose the router with the strongest signal. If you have three or more Google WiFi units, network traffic automatically takes the most efficient path between routers. It’s clever, but it’s not Google’s idea. Indeed, several other firms offer home mesh networking. Eero and Luma are probably the best known, and though Google WiFi still isn’t the wild yet – individual units are up for preorder at $129 each or $299 for three – that hasn’t stopped the company from going on the offensive early. It sent out a set of units to testing firm Allion USA, which installed them – along with Eero and Luma – in a 3,000 square foot home spread over two floors, then tested throughput speeds with a MacBook Air. As Google probably hoped, performance of Google WiFi turned out to be best, though it’s worth noting that it’s not by a consistent degree. In short, the nature of your building, the position of your router(s), and the place you’re using a device could have a more significant impact than the specific router hardware you’re using. Luma and Eero are yet to comment specifically on the results of the testing, but they’re unlikely to take Google’s challenge lying down. In fact, Eero pre-empted Google WiFi’s arrival with a firmware update last week promising boosted speeds, among other things. Dubbed TrueMesh, it could as much as double throughput, Eero suggests. It’s unclear whether Allion’s testing was done with this latest Eero firmware or an older version. Meanwhile, according to the latest leaks from inside Cupertino, Apple is headed in the opposite direction. It’s looking increasingly likely that the current AirPort Extreme, AirPort Express, and AirPort Time Capsule range of routers and network-attached storage won’t ever see a refresh. Untouched since 2013, the wireless line-up had begun to look sluggish compared to the latest 802.11ac hardware from more traditional networking companies like Belkin, D-Link, and Netgear. Networking has undoubtedly been a minor point in Apple’s portfolio for some time now. The company doesn’t break out individual router sales, instead lumping them into the nebulous “Other” category that includes Apple Watch, Apple TV, Beats products, iPod, and Apple-branded and third-party accessories for its financial reporting. What we do know is that “Other” products only contributed 5-percent to Apple’s revenues in the most recent period. Although Apple is yet to comment on the rumors, it’s not hard to see that ditching networking hardware would make a lot of sense for the firm. Investing into routers and other such products made sense back when the segment as a whole was less mature. After all, it allowed Apple to refine the user-experience of getting several of its devices online, not to mention push its vision of high-speed wireless as it moved away from physical connections and cables. Since then, though, wireless has been embraced more thoroughly and consistently. 802.11ac routers are commonplace, even from cable internet providers, and the UX of getting online is far more broadly understood. Apple, which made almost three times as much from services – which includes iCloud and Apple Music streaming – as it did from the “Other” category in the last quarter, can instead focus on what those high-speed connections are used for. NOW READ: What you need to know about Google WiFi Google, though it has hardware like Pixel smartphones and Chromebook notebooks, has a vested interest in increasing the speed at which online services are experienced around the home. After all, its business is based on search and other cloud-based products. If they can be consumed more readily, that raises overall user-experience. We’ll need to try out Google WiFi ourselves to see if this third-party testing holds true in other environments, but there’s no denying that we’ve moved beyond prioritizing just speed and into more consistent service wherever we end up with our wireless devices. Google WiFi is set to ship on December 5, according to the company. MORE Google Tags ApplegoogleInternet of ThingsIoTnetworkingrouterwifiWirelessWireless Router Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Latest Headlines Grillbot Pro debuts with Bluetooth 4.0 and grill cleaning cartridge Jan 6, 2017 Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA strike partnership to make an AI-powered car Jan 6, 2017 Riddell Precision-Fit tech uses 3D scanning for custom football helmets Jan 6, 2017 Audio-Technica unleashes new line of high-res earbuds and headphones Jan 6, 2017 Velocity Micro desktops updated with 7th-gen Intel Core processors Jan 6, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Apple, FANGs Joining Trump Market Rally Full Speed Apple hit a buy point for the first time since the election, while the FANG stocks also were up Monday. (iStockphoto) MICHAEL KREY 11/21/2016 Reprints The biggest tech stocks, which initially fell after Donald Trump's surprise election victory because the incoming president has criticized some of the companies individually while championing nontech areas, are joining the rally. Apple stock retook a 110.33 buy point in early trading in the stock market today, as the stock neared its 50-day moving average line, another bullish sign. Apple stock hit a two-month low of 104.28 on Nov. 14, and at that point was down 6.5% since the election. It's since rebounded. The FANG stocks — Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and Google owner Alphabet (GOOGL), also were all up Monday afternoon. Facebook stock retook its 200-day moving average line for the first time since the election, while Netflix and Alphabet got above their 10-day lines for the first time since then, and Amazon had a second day above its 10-day line. IBD'S TAKE: The IBD 50 ranks the very best-performing stocks over the past 12 months. The tech giants have made the list, but not currently. Quite a diverse group of tech stocks do make the current rankings, though, which can give investors clues on hot stocks and sectors. Trump has criticized Apple over the encryption issue that pitted the company against the FBI this year, and he also has said the company should move iPhone manufacturing back to the U.S. Analysts say it would be unrealistic for Apple to make iPhones in the U.S., but China media has reported that Apple is looking into the idea of moving some of its manufacturing back to this country. Trump's anti-immigration stance also is seen as a shot at big techs, which rely on the H-1B visa program to bring skilled workers to the U.S. But other Trump policies favor tech companies, including his hope to cut taxes on cash that U.S. companies repatriate to the U.S. to 10% from 35%. Apple has by far the most cash outside the U.S. and so could be the biggest beneficiary of such a move. Apple CEO Tim Cook was a big supporter of Hillary Clinton, but most U.S. tech companies and their CEOs were pro-Clinton in the divisive presidential race. FANG stock Amazon.com also got specific Trump criticism during the campaign, for its tax breaks, but Amazon — as well as Apple and Facebook — had been falling in the week ahead of the election, all slipping below their 50-day averages ahead of Election Day. Apple stock rose 1.5% Monday to 111.75, while Facebook led the FANGs, rising 4.1%, its biggest up day in seven months. Netflix stock rose 2.4%. Amazon stock rose 2.6% and it is closing in on its 50-day line. Alphabet stock rose 1.1% Monday. RELATED: Sell-Off Of Big Tech Stocks A Buy Opportunity: Jefferies Do Tech Stars Face Trump Bump Apple iPhone Manufacturing In U.S. Called 'Unrealistic' MICHAEL KREY | Facebook | @IBD_MKrey Share this: Related news CES 2017: GoPro Going Slow On Consumer 360-Degree Camera 6:09 PM ET GoPro is in no rush to release a consumer 360-degree camera, despite the proliferation of such devices on display by... 6:09 PM ET GoPro is in no rush to release a consumer 360-degree... Burlington's Winter Coat Makes Room For Year-Round Apparel Will Netflix Keep Climbing? Stranger Things Could Happen Old Retail Gasps, As Foreign Online Retailers Rally Stocks Start 2017 With An Up Week; Goldman, Apple, Antero Climb JCPenney Joins Macy's, Kohl's With Weak Holiday Sales Apple Flirts With Buy, Alphabet Breaks Out, Joining Netflix, As Big Techs Lead Week In Review: Stocks Hit Record Highs; Autos Take Center Stage; Macy's Mauled Will Snapchat IPO Set Stage For Stampede Of Unicorns? Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016 Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Unicorns expected to make their IPOs in 2017 include (clockwise from top left) Snapchat, Pinterest, Spotify and AppDynamics. (AP) Will Snapchat IPO Set Stage For Stampede Of Unicorns? 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report CES 2017: News From The World's Largest Consumer Tech Show See what's coming next from Amazon, Facebook, Mobileye, Nvidia & other tech leaders in reports from the show floor. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Galaxy Note 7 battery disaster did NOT damage Samsung's brand in US: 91% of users say they'll stick with the firm Poll found Samsung users as loyal to their brand as iPhone customers 91% percent of current Samsung users would likely purchase another By Reuters Published: 07:00 EST, 21 November 2016 | Updated: 14:54 EST, 21 November 2016 e-mail 9 shares 12 View comments A global recall of fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphones did not appear to hurt U.S. consumers' willingness to buy Samsung Electronics phones, a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Sunday showed. The survey conducted Oct. 26 to Nov. 9 found that current Samsung smartphone users were as loyal to their brand as Apple iPhone customers. It also found that people who knew about the recall were as interested in Samsung phones as those who did not. Scroll down for video  The full-page ads in the Wall Street Journal, New York Times and Washington Post admitted the company 'fell short' on its promise of delivering 'breakthrough technologies that enrich people's lives.' Samsung was plunged into a global scandal after Note 7 phones caught fire this year, prompting a worldwide recall.  Some customers reported fixed phones overheated, leading Samsung to take back replacements as well.  Investors expected Samsung customers would turn to alternatives, chiefly Apple's iPhone 7. Among those aware of the recall, 27 percent would first consider a Samsung smartphone if they were to shop for a phone, the poll showed.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Nasa finally publishes controversial fuel free 'impossible... Being a mean girl does pay off: Researchers find 'nicer'... Would YOU have a Netflix chip implanted in your head? Firm... The creepy website that tracks your every move:... Share this article Share Among those who did not know about the recall, 25 percent would look first at a Samsung device. The poll found that Samsung's customers were fiercely loyal to their brand.  Some 91 percent of current Samsung users would likely purchase another Samsung smartphone, and 92 percent of current users would probably buy another Samsung product in general. That was similar to the brand loyalty among current iPhone owners: 92 percent would likely buy another iPhone and 89 percent would likely buy another Apple product. To be sure, it was unclear how much the Samsung recall weighed on the minds of consumers.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll measured how interested people were in buying Samsung phones, not how much the recall directly influenced their decisions. Samsung has permanently discontinued the Galaxy Note 7, due to some exploding, and asked users to return their device for a refund or exchange. They could have avoided the disaster by giving the Note 7 devices a user-removable battery. Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said the recall was mostly limited to early adopters rather than the majority of Samsung's customer base, which limited negative user experiences. "Your own personal experience trumps what you read and what people tell you," Dawson said. Samsung has said that customers chose another Samsung model as a replacement for the Note 7 in a majority of instances, without giving more detail. It has said nearly 85 percent of the recalled Note 7 devices had been replaced or returned through its refund and exchange program as of Nov. 4. Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said the recall was mostly limited to early adopters rather than the majority of Samsung's customer base, which limited negative user experiences. In a statement it said it was now focused on "ensuring customer safety and understanding the root cause of the issue." The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states.  It included 2,375 people who own Samsung phones and 3,158 people who own iPhones.  The poll has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points. WHY WERE THE BATTERIES EXPLODING?   Lithium batteries are use in a range of consumer electronic devices, favored by manufacturers because they are lightweight and pack much more energy into a small space than other power cells. But storing so much energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls, makes them susceptible to overheating if exposed to high temperatures, damage or flaws in manufacturing.  If the separators fail, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control.  Koh Dong-jin, Samsung's mobile president told reporters in Seoul: 'The flaw in the manufacturing process resulted in the negative electrodes and the positive electrodes coming together.' It is unclear how Samsung failed to discover the battery problem before launching the Note 7.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (12) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Alarming 'doom spiral' animation reveals just how large the drop in global sea ice levels were in 2016 How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office... Samsung's profit jumps 50% despite Galaxy Note 7 exploding phone fiasco that cost it £2.4 BILLION It's a verified UFO! Chile releases footage of a mystery object flying towards a navy helicopter after... The incredible sparking soil on the MOON: NASA reveals solar storms can cause 'miniature lightning strikes' Is the Pope worried about hackers? Snap shows pontiff reading from an iPad with camera blocked by a sticker Hulu gives first glimpse of its $40 a month live TV service, and says it will launch within weeks We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  Are you an explorer, a visionary or a director when it comes to email? Researchers say our personality... Would YOU take it? Scientists discover breakthrough blood test that could 'predict how long people will... 92 BILLION videos were watched on Pornhub in 2016 - with Mississippi spending the longest time per visit and... Apple cut Tim Cook's salary by $1.5M for failing to meet sales targets (but don't worry, he still took home... A long way from home: Incredible image reveals the Earth and moon – as seen from 127 million miles away by... Mark your calendars! A dazzling supernova will appear in the sky in 2022, predict astronomers MORE HEADLINES Meet 'Prosthesis', the terrifying 14ft-tall 'anti-robot' that can carry a human and run over 20mph almost SILENTLY A zombie outbreak could come close to wiping out humanity in 100 days: Scientists reveal their tips to survive Look up tonight! Dazzling Northern Lights display could reach millions across the world this evening 'The Day After Tomorrow' could become a reality: Climate change could cause ocean currents to COLLAPSE plunging the Northern hemisphere into an ice age, warn scientists Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims How a toxic boss can ruin your career: Leaders with psychopathic traits could transform you into an office bully Is civilisation heading for a COLLAPSE? Mathematical historian predicts political turmoil will peak in the 2020s America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Is this Samsung's Galaxy S8? Leaked photo reveals curved gold handset - and no home button  Iceberg the size of Delaware is 'hanging by a thread' in Antarctica  - and it could lead to a 10cm rise in global sea levels Does this ham look blurry to you? Bizarre shopping snap becomes first optical illusion meme of 2017 The stunning sunset maps of the world: Incredible images reveal hills and mountains around the globe shrouded in shadows just before sunset on a summer solstice Is this the love-child of a pharaoh? Egyptian mummy thought to be a dead bird turns out to be a miscarried baby The ultimate laptop? Razer unveils Project Valerie machine with THREE giant 17 inch screens that fold out LG reveals 'wallpaper' TV just 2.6mm thin and so light it can be hung on the wall with MAGNETS MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over Red hot! Larsa Pippen sizzles in a skimpy string bikini and rocks cornrows as she hits Miami Beach Mother-of-two, 42, turned heads on the sand   Walking on the wild side! Nicky Hilton steps out in NYC wearing leopard print coat with skintight PVC leggings She was fresh from a skiing trip to Aspen  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim 5.3k comments 6 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images Trump Tax Plan Seen Shrinking Company Bond Sales by $150 Billion by Claire Boston @claireeboston More stories by Claire Boston November 21, 2016, 1:24 PM EST Apple, Oracle among biggest issuers of debt backing buybacks Leading cash hoarders have sold $136 billion of bonds in 2016 Investors hooked on bonds of companies such as Apple Inc. and Oracle Corp. may soon have to look for alternatives if a tax proposal from President-elect Donald Trump becomes reality. Trump has said he’d temporarily slash the tax rate on funds repatriated to the U.S. by American companies to 10 percent from 35 percent, meaning cash-rich companies that according to Bank of America Corp. stash an estimated $860 billion to $1 trillion abroad may no longer need to turn to the bond market as a cheaper alternative to finance share repurchases. The impact would be substantial. Apple has become the biggest non-financial corporate-bond issuer in the world as it raised more than $80 billion in just four years to finance share buybacks instead of repatriating the more than $200 billion of cash it holds overseas. Oracle sold $14 billion of bonds in June to partly support shareholders. Bank of America expects that if taxes on overseas cash held by American companies are reduced, bond sales will go down by $150 billion each year. “A topic of discussion post the Trump victory is the repatriation of cash and what that does to some of the large tech companies that would refinance or raise money in our market,” said Todd Mahoney, head of fixed-income syndicate for the Americas at UBS Group AG. “That could be a driver of reduced volume.” Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Technology and health care companies -- holders of about 80 percent of all overseas cash -- have sold $136 billion of bonds this year for purposes other than acquisitions, according to data complied by Bloomberg. Apple has issued almost $24 billion of bonds this year in the U.S. largely to buy back equity. Despite its reliance on the bond market, Apple is sitting on a mountain of funds. Its overseas cash pile is more than eight times larger than the amount of bonds it sold this year, company filings show. After the last tax holiday was passed in 2004, non-financial investment-grade bond sales plunged by about 30 percent, according to UBS strategists. Now, though, that market is almost three times larger, according to Bloomberg Barclays index data. So long as investors are still clamoring for company debt as issuance falls, a smaller supply year may mean yields above Treasuries that are already near the lowest in a year may tighten even further. But not all bond investors are convinced. “The market is a lot bigger than it used to be,” said Tom Murphy, a money manager at Columbia Threadneedle Investments in Minneapolis. “If more supply equals wider spreads, spreads should be at infinity.” The clearest winners in a post-Trump bond market are probably chief financial officers such as Kelly Kramer of Cisco Systems Inc. The world’s largest maker of networking equipment has issued about $13 billion of bonds this year in part to boost shareholders. “We’re encouraged that something will happen,” Kramer said on a call to discuss earnings on Nov. 16. The company keeps more than $57 billion of its cash abroad, according to regulatory filings. “We have many, many scenarios of what we would do when repatriation comes,” Kramer said. “We recognize it’ll certainly give us a lot more flexibility.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Sees FBI Admission on Hacking Bolstering His Doubts Older Americans Are Retiring in Droves Trump’s DC Hotel Tagged With $5 Million in Unpaid Worker Liens Gross Says Trump Targeting Companies Reminiscent of Mussolini Trump Says U.S. Can Pay for Border Wall, Bill Mexico Later Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Pulse @ 1 Market Losing their touch: Smartphone home buttons are on the way out Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 1:53 PM ET SHARES show chapters Future of human interfaces    Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 11:50 AM ET | 03:13 The home button — a hallmark of smartphone design — isn't untouchable. As soon as 2017, many smartphones will abandon the physical home button in favor of advanced touch technology, said Rick Bergman, CEO of touchscreen technology creator Synaptics. Getting rid of the bezel area and home button will widen the screen, giving users more space and freedom. Some Android models have already moved the home button function to the touchscreen. "It's a major inflection point in the industry, where you want to have that entire screen to have display," Bergman said. "You'll start to see phones with that type of technology in 2017." San Jose, California-based Synaptics created the first touchpad adopted by Apple and Dell, and today its products are used in ASUS tablets and the new Google Pixel phone from Alphabet. It now develops touchscreens, biosensors and fingerprint scanners that are used in everyday products from smartphones and tablets to PCs. The Pixel, which released in October, is a hybrid of standard home buttons and the future of touch technology. It features a physical fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone but an onscreen home button. Apple iPhones have long held on to the home button, but its elimination of the headphone jack earlier this year prompted speculation that it could do the same with the button. Apple might even be preparing users for this transition, according to Recode. The iPhone 7 features a home button that uses new technology to give the impression of being pushed down even though it does not actually depress. But Apple's core philosophy has also showed resistance to moving too much to touch. Its new MacBook Pro has a new Touch Bar rather than an onscreen touch functionality now common on PCs. LG is preparing for the buttonless future. In May the company announced it has developed technology that will hide a smartphone's home button and fingerprint sensor under glass. The elimination of an obvious sensor on the front of the phone will allow for a sleek design, LG said. More from The Pulse: How genetic testing companies are using automation to save time and money The big moneymaker in legal pot might have more to do with data than drugs Why Spotify, Netflix and HBO nailed business model of the future While some say the home button is necessary for functions like restarting or taking screenshots, others, like Bergman, see touch technology as the path forward. "If you think how often you use your smartphone or PC, you want the absolute best experience," he said. "I can't think of a scenario where you don't want that additive [touch] experience." — By Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Netflix to release 3 brand new Dave Chappelle comedy specials Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Just about a month after learning that Netflix inked a lucrative deal with Chris Rock for two stand-up specials, now comes word that Netflix has also signed a deal with yet another famed comedian: Dave Chappelle. According to a tweet from Netflix, the enigmatic comedian, who just recently hosted Saturday Night Live to rave reviews, will release three new comedy specials soon. DON’T MISS: Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more Netflix’s latest announcement only underscores just how well the streaming media giant understands the media landscape. While Apple is busying itself with producing what may very well be a forgettable reality show about app development, Netflix in just about 4 weeks time managed to strike deals with two of the most iconic and talented comedians of our time. Incidentally, Apple reportedly held talks with Chris Rock about a content deal before negotiations fell through. News: 3 new Dave Chappelle comedy specials, coming soon. pic.twitter.com/OzrDukBPk6 — Netflix US (@netflix) November 21, 2016 Indeed, the recent signings of both Rock and Chappelle only serve to illustrate Netflix’s ongoing commitment towards rolling out original content across all types of genres. Though the company may be more widely known for traditional dramas such as House of Cards and Orange is the new Black, Netflix has signaled its intention to house original content in genres as varied as children’s programming and documentaries. All the more impressive is that Netflix in 2017 plans to roll out 1,000  hours or original programming. To this point, Netflix said the following in its annual letter to shareholders just last month. We are now in the fourth year of our original content strategy and are pleased with our progress. In 2017, we intend to release over 1,000 hours of premium original programming, up from over 600 hours this year. The Internet allows us to reach audiences all over the world and, with a growing base of over 86 million members, there’s a large appetite for entertainment and a diversity of tastes to satisfy. As far as original content is concerned, it’s increasingly starting to look like Netflix can’t be matched by anyone, not even HBO. Trending right now: Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic The 5 best Black Friday sales you can shop right now See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 5 dead, at least 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting 3307 messages3%73%24% Do You Have Protection From the Threat of ID Theft LifeLock.comSponsored Obama to GOP: I will support Obamacare repeal if you produce a better plan 2341 messages4%74%22% Mom Told to Leave First Class Over Crying Baby 185 messages8%61%31% Wall-Street Execs Speechless The Sovereign InvestorSponsored US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' 14 messages3%77%20% Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooter Checked His Weapon During His Flight 2017: The Year of Marijuana Millionaires MONEY MORNINGSponsored Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later President-Elect Donald Trump Calls Russian Hacking Investigation a 'Political Witch Hunt' Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored The 'Nightmare before Christmas' has claimed another retailer Val Kilmer Ditches Neck Scarf for First Red Carpet in Over a Year U.S. spy agencies detail Russia’s role in boosting Trump Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Obama to GOP: I will support Obamacare repeal if you produce a better plan SLJ: 1/20/2017 cannot come soon enough. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season November 21, 2016 GOOG: 769.20 8.66 9to5Toys Lunch Break: LG G5 (unlocked) $400, Huawei Watch w/ leather strap $200, more Stephen Hall - Nov. 21st 2016 9:41 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: LG G5 Smartphone w/ 32GB GSM 4G LTE (factory unlocked): $400 shipped (Orig. $650) Huawei Smart Watches for Android and iPhone: Stainless Steel w/ Leather Strap $200, more Apple is getting rid of its Airport Extreme, get a better router for $59 shipped Fitbit Fitness Watch (open-box) $90, Toshiba 55-inch 4K UHDTV w/ Chromecast $400, more Best of Black Friday – Apple: iPad Pro 9.7-inch from $449, Apple Watch Series 1 $198, iPhone 7/Plus w/ $250 GC, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – TVs: Samsung 50″ 4K Smart $398, Toshiba 49″ 4K w/ Chromecast $200, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – Gaming: PS4/Xbox One console bundles + $75 GC or add-ons, New Releases from $25, more Black Friday 2016: Amazon’s month long Black Friday event starts today, get a sneak peek at some of the best upcoming deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: Apple Watch Series 1 $219, iPad Air 2 $275, iTunes GC, 49-inch 4K UHDTV w/ Chromecast $200, more Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 Ad: iPhone 7 + $250 GC, iPad Mini 2 32GB $199, 55-inch 4K UHDTV $298, much more Target Black Friday 2016: iPad Pro $150 off, iPhone 7 + $250 GC, Xbox One + $40 GC, iTunes, Beats headphones, much more Amazon launches its Black Friday Store with new deals every five minutes + gift guides to make shopping easier eBay Black Friday Sneak Peek: iPad Pro $150 off, iMac 5K $400 off, more Deus Ex Go hits all-time low $1 (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Tayasui Pro realistic painting and sketching (Reg. $5) Call of Duty iOS sale: Strike Team, Zombies & Black Ops Zombies down to $2 each Review: DJI’s OSMO+ makes your videos look beautiful with professional-grade stabilization [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Reduce your monthly internet bill: buy this Linksys DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem for $20 Prime shipped and stop renting! Amazon kicks off its Kindle E-reader Black Friday promotion with prices starting at $50 Games/Apps: Black Friday pricing on Xbox One S bundles + free game, iOS freebies, more These smart light switches can be controlled with Alexa: TP-LINK $30 or GE w/ Dimmer $33 Logitech’s Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera is on sale for $130 shipped (Reg. $200) Roku’s latest Streaming Stick hits its Black Friday price of $35 Prime shipped Seagate Backup Plus 8TB External Hard Drive w/ built-in USB 3.0 Hub: $180 Add big sound to your HDTV w/ this Samsung 37-inch 2.1-ch 120W Bluetooth Soundbar for $83 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Toys R Us, Lowe’s, GameStop, Cabela’s, AMC, more Office Supplies: 12-Pack Paper Mate Felt Tip Pens $6, 12-Pack Sharpie Pens $10, more Best Buy is offering $125 off iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi as it gears up for the holiday shopping season Twelve South’s Aluminum HiRise Dock: $25 Prime shipped (Reg. $40+) Apple’s new 13-inch MacBook Pro w/o Touch Bar is being discounted by up to $200 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Bose early Black Friday deals: SoundLink Around-Ear Wireless Headphones $229, CineMate Home Theater $349, more Embrace our wireless future! Sony’s Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones are down to $88 shipped (Reg. $200) No need to wait, the HomeKit-enabled Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat w/ Sensor just hit Black Friday pricing: $200 (Reg. $249) ilumi Bluetooth Smart LED Light Bulb $35, more Free Large Pizzas when you buy $25 eGift Card at Papa John’s Get 15% off sitewide at Monoprice’s Pre-Black Friday Sale Nike takes 25% off clearance items Amazon ramps up Black Friday deals w/ Alexa discounts 12-Pack Sharpie Assorted Color Pens $10, more Bean Bag Deals: 7-foot XXL Comfort Suede $122 + more Sony’s 7.2-ch 4K A/V Receiver for $198 Pre-Black Friday Magazine sale: $4 Lenovo 22″ 1080P IPS  display: $80 JCPenney offers 40% off Nintendo & gaming apparel Panasonic’s Nose Ear Hair Trimmer $10 West Bend Electric Can Opener $21 Belkin’s highly-rated Screen iPhone Cleaning Kit: $6 Philips Sonicare Rechargeable Toothbrush $20 Moto Z Play for just $370 Timex is taking 30% off watches Add two NETGEAR Arlo Security Cameras for $280 16-pack Philips LED Light Bulbs $27, more Bodum Coffee Maker under $20 Prime shipped Nook Tablet 7 pre-order: $50 shipped Save $25 off $100 on Dewalt, Bosch: 2-pc Combo Kit $165, more Amazon is discounting many Samsung SmartThings Get 75% off any one HD movie rental at Google Play, more Bowflex’s Adjustable Dumbbells (Pair): $250 (Reg. $300+) eBay’s Holiday Sale – extra 20% off home and sporting goods Seek’s Thermal Camera for iOS/Android: Compact $170 Amazon’s best-selling 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System: $299 Nike’s 48-hour Flash Sale takes up to 50% off Patagonia’s latest sale brings up to 50% off + 15% Amazon releases its Top 100 Print/Kindle Books of the Year NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: This pocket-sized drone fits inside an iPhone case so you’re always ready to fly LEGO Architecture’s latest Skyline additions include Chicago, London and Sydney MiNT takes old Polaroid cameras and recreates them with modern features DJI’s incredible new Inspire 2 drone takes flight at up to 67MPH and 16,000 feet LEGO Technic unveils new BMW Adventure Motorcycle in celebration of its 40th Anniversary Tablo brings its OTA DVR to Xbox One in hopes of attracting more cordcutters Matrix Powerwatch uses thermal energy from your body to energize its internal battery The N64 Anthology dives into the history behind Nintendo’s iconic gaming console Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → Apple Quietly Kills AirPort Extreme by Breaking Up Wireless Router Team Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 21st, 2016 10:15 AM EST | News There’s a good chance the next time you buy a Wi-Fi basestation for you Mac, iPhone and iPad network it won’t come from Apple. The company reassigned the engineers from its wireless networking team to other projects and doesn’t have plans to continue developing its AirPort Extreme, AirPort Express, and Time Capsule products. Apple breaks up its AirPort wireless networking team The company hasn’t made an official announcement, but sources speaking with Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman say the wireless networking team has already disbanded. Considering Mr. Gurman’s track with insider Apple sources, Apple may as well offer up an official confirmation. Dropping out of the wireless router game means at some point macOS and iOS device users will have to turn to other companies for access points to build their networks. For some users, that’s no big deal because they want features Apple doesn’t offer, but losing the easy setup we have today won’t sit well with others. Apple’s software makes setting up AirPort products simple enough for novices, and once configured they tend to run without any need for maintenance. For the average user, Apple’s AirPort products are essentially appliances: they do their job without any need for interaction. That said, Apple’s routers feel hobbled despite their high quality design. The company intentionally locked down settings and features for ease of use, leaving users who want more control over their wireless networks in the hands of competitors selling products at a much lower price. While seeing the AirPort line fade away is kind of sad, it isn’t too surprising. Apple needed the AirPort BaseStation when it first introduced wireless networking with the original iBook so customers could build their networks. Now that Wi-Fi is firmly established, the need for Apple’s simple basestations is gone. The resources the company was putting into its routers can be better used somewhere else. Still, it is concerning to see Apple walking away from yet another product. When Apple quietly killed off its stand alone display earlier this year, the future of the Mac Pro and Mac mini is in question, and last week we learned Sal Soghoian—the company’s automation and scripting manager—was let go. The knee jerk reaction is that Apple is floundering can’t make anything anymore, and that this wouldn’t have happend if Steve Jobs were alive. The reality is that Steve was notorious for ruthlessly killing products that distracted from the company’s core vision, and the AirPort lineup very likely would’ve been cut if he were still here to run the company. For now, the AirPort Extreme, AirPort Express, and Time Capsule are still available at the Apple Store. And just like the Thunderbolt Display, they’ll quietly fade away as inventory dwindles and eventually Apple will promote another company’s wireless router instead. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: AirPort Extreme, basestation, DOA, wifi 17 Comments Add a comment geoduck November 21, 2016 The reality is that Steve was notorious for ruthlessly killing products that distracted from the company’s core vision, Very true. And yes the AirPort likely would have been dropped by now if SJ were still here. But what is Apple’s vision? I’m not seeing a coherent vision or strategy? Floundering car projects, wrist trinkets, and tired Macs are not a vision. Profit uber alles is not a vision? Apple used to be “about” making insanely great things that delight the customers. Making a seamless ecosystem of computers and devices that “just worked”. I just don’t see what Apple is “about” any more. November 21, 2016 at 10:53 EST AM Jamie November 21, 2016 I don’t see what they are about anymore, either. It’s pretty clear they aren’t interested in professional technology. I guess they are more or less a lifestyle, consumer brand from now on. Nothing wrong with that per se, it just isn’t something I’m very interested in myself. I do love my iPhone, and I love their stance on customer privacy, but that’s pretty much the only non-Mac product of theirs I’m interested in (including their services. AppleMusic? No, thanks). Their prerogative, I guess. November 21, 2016 at 11:16 EST AM Brutno November 21, 2016 Great, that leaves me with few alternatives if my Time Capsule goes kaput. I have a printer currently in the available TC USB port, but as my router has only one USB port I would need a USB hub to accept an external drive AND the printer for Time Machine backups and, well, printing. Basic stuff. Or, I need a relatively (in comparison) expensive NAS device. That, and I’d need to relocate my router for wireless work, as it currently resides in the basement because the wireless is deactivated and it resides on my patch panel. There’s a lot of unnecessary wiring. (The Time Capsule is first floor and is in bridge mode.) So I’ll have to totally reconfigure darn near everything because Apple lost interest in wireless. They could milk the Time Capsules for a long time. $300 for 2TB with wireless? There’s profit there, or they wouldn’t have had them this long. While Time Machine backups aren’t perfect, they are effective and useful as part of a more extensive backup strategy. Apple established a standard that made users lives easier (kinda Apple’s motto) and are abandoning it for….. nothing. What the H is Apple thinking? November 21, 2016 at 11:26 EST AM Lee Dronick November 21, 2016 I have one connected to my Uverse router. November 21, 2016 at 12:33 EST PM skipaq November 21, 2016 Well, I stopped using my AirPort Extreme about a year ago because the wireless router that came with a new ISP was better. I do my Time Machine backups once a week by plugging a portable drive into my MacBook. My regular CCCloner backup is done over Ethernet. Some automation is sacrificed this way; but it isn’t a hassle. November 21, 2016 at 1:41 EST PM aardman November 21, 2016 I wonder if they will give away the Airport or Airport Utility technology to router manufacturers who want to offer an easy-install Time Machine ready version for Mac owners. I mean they stopped making monitors but didn’t they partner with LG for a 5K screen that plays well with Mac? Why not go the similar route for a router? November 21, 2016 at 2:19 EST PM davebarnes November 21, 2016 What do I buy instead? Ease of use was paramount. Also, they looked good. November 21, 2016 at 3:52 EST PM Lee Dronick November 21, 2016 Are they going to stop selling them or just stop devloping new models? Also this doesn’t mean that in the future they won’t start developing them again; probably not many of us remember Apple branded printers. November 21, 2016 at 4:07 EST PM rjackb November 21, 2016 Apple is definitely headed in the wrong direction. I live within 10 minutes of 3 Apple stores and haven’t set foot in one in at least a year–there’s just nothing exciting that they make any longer. I’ll hold on to my iPhone 6 and MacBook Pro (late 2011 edition) for as long as I can but don’t hold out much hope of them getting me back as a customer. November 21, 2016 at 4:28 EST PM skipaq November 21, 2016 Appleinsider has a good article on wireless router alternatives. November 21, 2016 at 5:46 EST PM skipaq November 21, 2016 Oops, November 21, 2016 at 5:48 EST PM skipaq November 21, 2016 Double oops, link: http://appleinsider.com/articles/16/11/21/with-apple-abandoning-airport-here-are-the-best-alternative-wi-fi-routers-for-mac-users November 21, 2016 at 5:49 EST PM dndgirl November 21, 2016 Well, crap. So much for my whole Apple setup. I bought a new base station about a year ago, so it probably has a lot of life left in it. But I’m wondering if I should just buy another one to keep on hand … November 21, 2016 at 6:53 EST PM Lee Dronick November 21, 2016 I’m wondering if I should just buy another one to keep on hand I don’t have the latest model so I too am considering getting a new one. November 21, 2016 at 8:02 EST PM Paul Goodwin November 22, 2016 Well, so much for good Mac compatible software for a LAN. Airport Utility probably won’t work. One thing I’ve learned over the years is that setting up a Mac network with a non-Apple router is a royal pain in the butt. The makers of PC focused hardware could give a crap less about Mac users. This will be life degradation. November 22, 2016 at 9:41 EST AM Lee Dronick November 22, 2016 The makers of PC focused hardware could give a crap less about Mac users. I don’t think that care for Windows users either. It has been a while since I wrestled with one, maybe things have improved. November 22, 2016 at 4:34 EST PM jimtincher November 22, 2016 Just more proof that Tim Cook has zero vision. At some point he’ll completely break the things that are Apple which will be it’s demise. He needs to be ousted before he does a complete John Skully on Apple. November 22, 2016 at 11:57 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 6672 Jeff Gamet news 17 1479723320 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 21st, 2016 11:57 AM EST | News Apple Watch owners got a special challenge Monday morning when Apple urged them to walk, run, or wheelchair 3.1 miles, or 5K, on November 24th. That’s the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday, so instead of spending the day binging on turkey, pie, and watching football, Apple is pushing to get people outside and active by offering a special Thanksgiving Day Challenge badge. Apple’s 5K Thanksgiving Challenge for Apple Watch owners The challenge popped up on U.S. Apple Watch owner’s wrists Monday morning saying, Activity Challenge: This Thanksgiving Day, November 24th, earn a special achievement by completing a walk, run or wheelchair workout of at least 5K (3.1 mi). The badge will show up in the Activity app after users hit the 5K mark on Thursday, regardless of which HealthKit-compatible workout app you use. That sounds a lot better than spending the day on the couch regretting how much you ate. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch, fitness, Thanksgiving 4 Comments Add a comment HI November 21, 2016 no biggie – @ age 77 2 mile walk every morning & evening with Dogs 4560′ start elev., minimum 4370′ and back November 21, 2016 at 12:06 EST PM HI November 21, 2016 but my watch yet to arrive – maybe early Dec. November 21, 2016 at 12:07 EST PM Lee Dronick November 21, 2016 I just returned from a 7 mile walk, and 600 active calories burned. November 21, 2016 at 12:31 EST PM skipaq November 21, 2016 I run between 25 to 35 miles a week. The runs are 5, 6, 8 or 10 miles long. Although I no longer run races, I have been running since as far back as I can remember. My times are much slower now and I rarely run as much as 60 miles a week. But running is the one thing that makes my day and the only reason that I am getting an Apple Watch for my 68th birthday. I will be able to leave my iPhone at home. But I guess that will be too late to get a badge. November 21, 2016 at 1:53 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 6677 Jeff Gamet news 4 1479729435 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Mobile Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocates Chris Smith @chris_writes November 21st, 2016 at 7:45 AM Share Tweet Apple announced a few days ago a replacement program for the iPhone 6 Plus’s Touch Disease issue, a fix that’ll cost you $149. The company is back with a new official repair program, one that addresses the iPhone 6s’s unexpected shutdown issue. And this one is available for free to affected users. DON’T MISS: Take a look at Apple’s new design book without spending $300 If the issue sounds familiar, that’s because a Chinese consumer advocacy group took an official stance against Apple on the matter a few days ago. What happens with a device suffering from this problem is that the iPhone would shut down unexpectedly, even when there’s enough battery charge left. The fix is apparently very simple: Apple will just swap out the battery for free. “Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down,” the company wrote on its website. “This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015.” “If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device’s serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge.” The issue may have affected a “small number” of iPhone 6s devices, but that number must be significant, given the Chinese investigation of the issue. Apple notes that only the battery replacement is free. And other repairs the iPhone 6s would require, such as fixing a broken screen, would cost extra. If you’ve fixed your shutdown problem by buying a new battery from Apple, you’re eligible for a refund. The iPhone 6s unexpected shutdown fix program will be available for three years after the first retail sale of the handset Tags: Apple, iPhone 6s View Comments Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 Business The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine Picked For You Leaked photo may be our first ever look at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith January 5th at 9:41 AM Nvidia made a Google Home that’s better than Google Home By Chris Smith January 5th at 1:01 PM Only power users know about these secret iPhone features By Zach Epstein January 5th at 12:11 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year November 21, 2016 AAPL: 111.73 1.67 Study: Apple Pay branding on vending machines increases mobile payment usage 135%, overall sales by 36% Jordan Kahn - Nov. 21st 2016 9:52 am PT @JordanKahn Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The results of a new six month study by a company offering Apple Pay on vending machines shows that branding specific to “Apple Pay” helped increase mobile transactions and overall sales. The study offers evidence that Apple Pay messaging on the machines resulted in an increase of mobile transactions by as much as 135%, while transactions in general were up 44.6% and overall sales up 36.5%. The vending machines with increased transactions used language specific to Apple’s payment service, prompting users to “Pay with your favorite card using Apple Pay.” Another 130 machines in a control group used more generic text that simply read: “Ready – Swipe or Tap Now.” 36.5% increase in overall sales 44.6% increase in total transactions 6% increase in total contactless average ticket; 18% at week 20* 55.5% increase in revenue through contactless purchases, including Apple Pay; 121% at week 20* 135.2% increase in overall mobile payment usage The results were published by USAT after the company tracked sales on 35 of its vending machines using Apple Pay through its point-of-sale platform in the US. “Based on our study, we believe that when businesses and operators present consumers with the option to pay for items with Apple Pay, the number of mobile payments made and the amount spent, increases,” said Maeve McKenna Duska, senior vice president of marketing and sales, USA Technologies…the numbers provide evidence that negative seasonality trends may be tempered, and even reversed, by telling consumers they have an option to pay with Apple Pay.” Earlier this month a separate study showed how Apple’s recently launched Apple Pay on the web feature, which allows the payments service to be used for website checkouts, is quickly gaining share among other popular online payment platforms. Usage of that feature could soon see an increase as Apple’s new MacBook Pro that officially launched last week is the company’s first Mac with a built-in Touch ID sensor to authenticate payments. Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech November 21, 2016 1:29 pm Apple will replace batteries on iPhone 6S smartphones that unexpectedly shut down By Nicole Bogart National Online Journalist, Breaking News  Global News ; In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen If you have an iPhone 6S smartphone that unexpectedly shuts down, Apple will replace your battery free of charge. Over the weekend, the company acknowledged user concerns that some iPhone 6S models suffered from a battery issue that caused the device to crash without warning. Story continues below READ MORE: Update to iOS 10.1 immediately to protect your iPhone from a nasty security flaw “Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6S devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015,” Apple said in a statement. The battery replacement program will be offered to users worldwide. Canadian customers are asked to visit an Apple retail store or an Apple authorized service provider to see if they are eligible for the repair, or contact Apple technical support. However, it’s important to note, if your iPhone’s screen is cracked, or the body of the phone has physical damage, you may not be eligible for the program. This particular repair program was launched just days after Apple made a long-awaited announcement to fix the so-called “Touch Disease” issue that has plagued iPhone 6 Plus devices. WATCH: What is Touch Disease on iPhone 6 Plus? Touch Disease caused affected models to freeze and become unresponsive to touch commands. The issue plagued users for months without comment from Apple, prompting at least four class-action lawsuits to be filed over the issue. Last week, Apple issued a global repair program to address Touch Disease; however, customers will have to pay for the repair, which costs $189 in Canada. © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Apple Apple Repair Program iPhone iPhone 6S Battery iPhone 6S Battery issues iPhone Repair Program iPhone Repairs Touch Disease Touch Disease Lawsuit Touch Disease repair Editor's Picks Health Here’s how quickly the world became obese in one eye-popping map Canada Canadian man killed while fighting ISIS in Syria Canada Why Donald Trump could be the Canadian marijuana industry's secret weapon Canada Gas prices are rising: Here's how it will make living in Canada more expensive Canada Fake news this week: The Queen isn't dead, and Donald Trump didn't threaten war with Mexico Canada Majority of Canadians say ties to monarchy should be cut when Queen dies: poll Crime Don't legalize pot before figuring out how to deal with stoned drivers: poll FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 86299 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 72352 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 53289 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 42401 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31657 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 86299 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 72352 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 53289 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 42401 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31657 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Apple admits problems with iPhone 6 Plus; launches repair progra - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Apple admits problems with iPhone 6 Plus; launches repair program Apple admits problems with iPhone 6 Plus; launches repair program 2016-11-21T18:09:31Z2016-11-21T21:00:42Z By Andy Wise BioEmail Connect Biography awise@wmctv.com MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Apple will fix it, but you'll pay for it. The company has admitted to issues with the iPhone 6 Plus first exposed in this WMC Action News 5 investigation and has launched a repair program to fix affected models at the customers' expense. According to its repair program protocol, Apple will repair any iPhone 6 Plus exhibiting the symptoms at a cost of $149. For consumers who have already had their iPhone 6 Plus devices repaired for more than $149, the company will reimburse the difference. Apple has essentially blamed its customers for the device's flickering and unresponsive screens, coined as the "touch disease" by computer repair trade blog Motherboard. "Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device," the company said in a statement on its website. But in our investigation, a former Apple Genius technician (who asked not to be identified) explained the flickering and unresponsiveness are due to an inherent defect in the iPhone 6 Plus. "It is not the display that's causing it," the technician said. "It's the actual main logic board that the display attaches to. Somewhere in there is actually causing that display to flicker. It is an inherent defect.This has been happening since at least last summer." Thomas Bledsoe, owner and chief technician of iRepear in Bartlett, Tennessee, and Motherboard said the device's defect is centered at the "touch IC" chips inside the phone. They are the chips which convert finger touches and swipes into machine-readable phone functions. Both Motherboard and Bledsoe said the chips are losing their solder, causing them to detach and lose their ability to detect touches on the display screens. "It is a manufacturing defect," Bledsoe said. "It has been an issue for a lot of customers. I think the iPhone 6 Plus should be recalled under a certain criteria if it's functioning like that, not having the touch functionality." Apple, whose media staff did not respond to three emails and a voice mail, has not indicated any plan to recall the iPhone 6 Plus. iPhone 6 Plus owners whose devices are still either under their one-year limited manufacturer warranty or under an Apple Care extended warranty may be eligible for free replacements. Owners should check with either Apple or their cell service carriers. Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:44 PM EST2017-01-07 01:44:58 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:34 PM EST2017-01-07 01:34:26 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >> WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Mobile / Mobile Phone / OnePlus 3T OnePlus 3T review 0 shares Read Comments By Richard Easton Updated: 25 November 2016 Awards 1 of 19 Summary Our Score: 8 Page 1: Design and screen Page 2: Software and performance Page 3: Camera, battery life & verdict Page 4: Battery life and verdict Video Review 18 Pictures Pros Great build quality Excellent performance Good camera Improved battery life Cons Not quite as fantastic value as OnePlus 3 Have to use proprietary Dash charger otherwise charging is slow Best Deals for OnePlus 3T Key Features 5.5-inch Super AMOLED 1080p display 2.3GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 6GB Dual-channel DDR4 RAM 64GB/128GB storage options Android 6.0.1 with OxygenUI 16-megapixel front and rear cameras 3,400mAh battery Manufacturer: OnePlus Review Price: £399.00 What is the OnePlus 3T? The OnePlus 3T is to the OnePlus 3 what the iPhone 6S was to the iPhone 6. It looks very much the same, but there are some seriously welcome upgrades under the body. Key changes include a faster Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 13% larger battery capacity and improved front-facing camera. But, with the pricing now starting at £399, do the changes justify 3T's increased upfront cost? Fortunately for OnePlus, the answer is largely yes, which is doubly good news as the OnePlus 3 is being discontinued. OnePlus 3T – Design Not a great deal has changed here. There are now two colour options, a new Gunmetal finish or Soft Gold, although if you want the new larger 128GB capacity option you’re limited to only Gunmetal. The Gunmetal option replaces the previous Graphite finish available with the OnePlus 3 and is a little darker in shade. Outside of this, the OnePlus 3T remains 7.4mm thick and is made from a single slab of aluminium alloy that feels lovely in hand. OnePlus made a big deal about how the top of the frame curves differently from the rest of the edges. It’s not something you’re going to notice unless you go looking for it, but it’s still a nice touch. WATCH: OnePlus 3T video review Look to the bottom of the phone and you’ll find a neatly drilled speaker grille, a USB-C port and a headphone jack. The latter is worth drawing attention to as, despite Apple's efforts to kill the 3.5mm jack, no one seems to be in a great rush to make USB-C headphones over Lightning headphones. I’m actually all for moving away from the 3.5mm jack and use Bluetooth headphones more often than not, but there are still times when I want to use a wired connection beyond headphones. Too often I went to plug the jack-less Moto Z into my car radio only to remember I’d left the adaptor connected to my wired headphones back home. It’s a frustration I can do without. Along the left edge is a three-level Alert Slider to toggle between notification profiles. You can either have them all, priority or none, just like the OnePlus 3. It’s a useful addition you don’t see often. Below this is the volume rocker, and on the opposite side the power button. There’s a front fingerprint sensor, which I’ve always stated is my preferred position over a rear placement. The fingerprint sensor also doubles as the Home button, flanked by capacitive Back and Recent keys that are only marked by a backlit dot, rather than their standard icons. This is because you can swap their positions in the OnePlus 3T’s settings. The button setup is similar to the Samsung Galaxy S7's, and means you can do away with Android’s on-screen navigation buttons, freeing up more of the display. You can still turn on the on-screen navigation in the settings if you want. Having a choice is great and the customisation options don’t end there, on the 3T you can also choose different shortcut actions for double-press and hold inputs for any of the capacitive buttons. The fingerprint sensor feels responsive and on a par with other great fingerprint sensors, such as the Huawei P9's, when it comes to swiftness. It does fall afoul of the same pitfalls as all other fingerprint sensors I’ve used though, so wet hands will still see you resorting to more traditional unlock methods. Turn the OnePlus 3T over and you’ll see a moderate camera bump from the protruding rear camera. It’s not as pronounced as on certain other phones though and OnePlus has also made improvements here by coating the sensor in sapphire glass, for an extra level of resilience. The OnePlus 3T supports dual SIMs, useful if you have a personal and work number and don’t want to carry multiple devices. The second SIM slot does not double as a microSD card slot, as is the case with certain other phones, so there’s no expandable storage, just like the OnePlus 3. But as mentioned, there is now 64GB (£399) and 128GB (£439) capacity options. The extra for 128GB isn’t a complete rip-off compared to what others have charged for extra storage, either. Otherwise, NFC makes a welcome return so you can use Android Pay. OnePlus 3T – Display The 3T's 5.5-inch screen is on paper identical to the OnePlus 3's. It has the same 1,920 x 1,080 resolution and uses the same Optic AMOLED technology. That’s not going to amount to the highest pixels-per-inch density in the world, but with general use it’s not something you’re going to notice. The Optic AMOLED tech means black levels are superb and the display still looks super sharp, regardless of its comparably low pixels-per-inch count. Viewing angles are also excellent, with limited brightness drop-off when viewed off-centre. I was also impressed with the reserved auto brightness adjustment. Too many of the phones I’ve tested have had very aggressive automatic adjustment settings that kick in even when ambient light levels haven’t changed. Brightness on the OnePlus 3T is also more than adequate for outdoor use. One of the chief complaints when the OnePlus 3 launched was its unflattering and unnatural colour calibration. This was something that eventually got fixed through software updates, which is at least a testament to OnePlus listening to its customers. Luckily, some of these learnings have been applied to the OnePlus 3T. Out of the box colours are a little oversaturated but the display looks great and in truth, this is how I left the display during most of my testing. If you want more natural, representative colours, an sRGB calibration profile is also an option, which makes the colours look considerably more muted. Another custom option lets you manually adjust the colour temperature to your liking. From the Quick Toggle menu you can also turn on a Night mode, which knocks down the blue light part of the colour spectrum. This makes the display a little less harsh on your eyes in the dark as well as supposedly reducing the impact on your circadian rhythm. Like the Moto Z, there’s also an Ambient Display that turns the display on in a low-power mode when notifications come in, as well as Proximity Wake that turns on the display when you wave your hand over the camera. The latter doesn’t work as well as the Moto Z’s dedicated proximity sensors, however. Go to page 2: Software and performance Best Deals for OnePlus 3T 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SUBSCRIBE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Five internet of things devices that really shouldn't exist Five internet of things devices that really shouldn't exist Internet Of Things 1 day ago Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones CES 2017 1 day ago Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal Zika 1 day ago Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures CES 2017 1 day ago Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why R&D 1 day ago Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices CES 2017 1 day ago WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK Toolkit 1 day ago Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Live Streaming Video 1 day ago Bitcoin crashes dramatically after reaching three-year high Bitcoin crashes dramatically after reaching three-year high Bitcoin 1 day ago Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car CES 2017 1 day ago Google teams up with BMW to create virtual life-size cars you can ‘sit’ in and customise Google teams up with BMW to create virtual life-size cars you can ‘sit’ in and customise CES 2017 2 days ago Children are 'ill-prepared' for life online, children's commissioner claims Children are 'ill-prepared' for life online, children's commissioner claims Children 1 day ago All the big announcements from Sony's CES conference All the big announcements from Sony's CES conference CES 2017 1 day ago Mass Effect: Andromeda finally has a release date Mass Effect: Andromeda finally has a release date Gaming 1 day ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 5 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 5 Technology 1 day ago The NHS is trialling an AI chatbot to answer your medical questions The NHS is trialling an AI chatbot to answer your medical questions Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Six easy fitness apps and hacks to get 2017 off to a healthy start Six easy fitness apps and hacks to get 2017 off to a healthy start Health 1 day ago Samsung’s smart Powerbot hunts down dirt around your home Samsung’s smart Powerbot hunts down dirt around your home CES 2017 1 day ago Toyota's new Concept-i car wants to measure your emotions Toyota's new Concept-i car wants to measure your emotions CES 2017 1 day ago LG’s wireless earphones use four speakers to offer 3D surround sound LG’s wireless earphones use four speakers to offer 3D surround sound CES 2017 1 day ago This surreal VR simulator lets you fly and float in space (while laying down) This surreal VR simulator lets you fly and float in space (while laying down) CES 2017 2 days ago FlexWash, Chromebooks and its first gaming laptop: everything Samsung announced at CES 2017 FlexWash, Chromebooks and its first gaming laptop: everything Samsung announced at CES 2017 CES 2017 2 days ago These shoes will let your feet 'feel' in virtual reality These shoes will let your feet 'feel' in virtual reality CES 2017 2 days ago BMW and Intel to bring a fleet of self-driving cars to the road by the end of 2017 BMW and Intel to bring a fleet of self-driving cars to the road by the end of 2017 CES 2017 2 days ago Tesla's Gigafactory has started making batteries for the Model 3 Tesla's Gigafactory has started making batteries for the Model 3 Tesla 2 days ago Alien: Covenant is getting a VR spin-off Alien: Covenant is getting a VR spin-off Gaming 2 days ago Protect your privacy with anti-surveillance clothing Protect your privacy with anti-surveillance clothing Facial Recognition 2 days ago Holographic screens are coming to cars, courtesy of BMW Holographic screens are coming to cars, courtesy of BMW CES 2017 2 days ago This Batwing stunt drone swoops and rolls just like in the films This Batwing stunt drone swoops and rolls just like in the films Drones 2 days ago Blackberry is back and reinventing the keyboard Blackberry is back and reinventing the keyboard Blackberry 2 days ago Lumini scans your skin to reveal exactly how you'll age (and helps you prevent it) Lumini scans your skin to reveal exactly how you'll age (and helps you prevent it) CES 2017 2 days ago The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 2 days ago We've reached peak IoT. There's now a smart hairbrush We've reached peak IoT. There's now a smart hairbrush CES 2017 2 days ago Nasa's Orion mission will go further than ever before, but how will it get us to Mars and beyond? Nasa's Orion mission will go further than ever before, but how will it get us to Mars and beyond? Nasa 3 days ago Six tech resolutions for a more productive and less distracted 2017 Six tech resolutions for a more productive and less distracted 2017 Technology 3 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up TOP STORIES Five internet of things devices that really shouldn't exist Five internet of things devices that really shouldn't exist By Matthew Reynolds Internet Of Things 1 day ago Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal By Amelia Heathman Zika 1 day ago Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why By Richard Price R&D 1 day ago Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK By James Temperton Toolkit 1 day ago Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated By Kathryn Nave Live Streaming Video 1 day ago Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated By Kathryn Nave Live Streaming Video 1 day ago The psychology behind the world's most recognisable sounds The psychology behind the world's most recognisable sounds WIRED Originals 00:08:49 3 days ago Movie dialect coach breaks down actors' accents: Ep. 1 Movie dialect coach breaks down actors' accents: Ep. 1 WIRED Originals 00:02:38 13 Dec 2016 Holy Land: Startup Nations - Trailer | Future Cities Holy Land: Startup Nations - Trailer | Future Cities Future Cities 00:02:53 12 Dec 2016 IBM Watson: Taking on the Cybercriminals IBM Watson: Taking on the Cybercriminals In partnership with IBM IBM Cognitive Insight 00:02:51 08 Dec 2016 View all videos Hands-on with the Honor 6X: a mid-range phone gunning for its high-end rivals Hands-on with the Honor 6X: a mid-range phone gunning for its high-end rivals By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 3 days ago CES 2017 Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices Meet Lionbot, Lynx and Cruzr, the latest humanoids coming for homes and offices By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago B&O Play release stylish new multi-room wireless speaker B&O Play release stylish new multi-room wireless speaker By Matthew Reynolds CES 2017 1 day ago Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures Bosch wants to bring haptics to cars to let you control your entire dashboard with gestures By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones Flir's thermal cameras are coming to drones By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago View More Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp By Jeremy White Gear 4 days ago How one boy's mystery disease could hold the key to solving our biggest health threats How one boy's mystery disease could hold the key to solving our biggest health threats By Emma Bryce WIRED2016 3 days ago THE WIRED WORLD IN 2017 The blockchain came after bankers and now it's going after lawyers The blockchain came after bankers and now it's going after lawyers By Mustafa Al-Bassam The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports By Amit Katwala The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 By Wendellen Li The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 By Nick Compton The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 5 days ago View More We run down the worst security breaches of 2016 and reveal how to stay safe in 2017 We run down the worst security breaches of 2016 and reveal how to stay safe in 2017 By Matt Burgess Security 27 Dec 2016 La La Land review: an ambitious musical soured by racist undertones La La Land review: an ambitious musical soured by racist undertones By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Culture 23 Dec 2016 SCIENCE Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why Scientific papers need better feedback systems. Here's why By Richard Price R&D 1 day ago WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK WIRED goes inside the most dangerous place in the UK By James Temperton Toolkit 1 day ago Inside Sellafield: the most contaminated place in the UK Inside Sellafield: the most contaminated place in the UK By James Temperton Toolkit 6 items 1 day ago Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal Prior exposure to Dengue virus could make Zika more lethal By Amelia Heathman Zika 1 day ago View More Kathleen Kennedy made your favourite childhood films. Now she's reinventing Star Wars Kathleen Kennedy made your favourite childhood films. Now she's reinventing Star Wars By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Star Wars 12 Dec 2016 Airbnb is on a mission to handle your entire holiday with Trips Airbnb is on a mission to handle your entire holiday with Trips By James Temperton Airbnb 1 minute ago WIRED HORIZONS BMW's 'transforming' concept MINI changes colour and spec as its driver approaches BMW's 'transforming' concept MINI changes colour and spec as its driver approaches In partnership with BMW Promotions 16 Dec 2016 How BMW is navigating the future and putting tech at the heart of everything it does How BMW is navigating the future and putting tech at the heart of everything it does In partnership with BMW Promotions 29 Nov 2016 How cybathletes are racing past the peak of human performance How cybathletes are racing past the peak of human performance By Greg Williams WIRED Horizons 09 Nov 2016 Sound waves that mimic the touch of a button? That's the future Sound waves that mimic the touch of a button? That's the future By Chris Stokel-Walker WIRED Horizons 09 Nov 2016 View More February 2017 Issue Magazine February 2017 View issue Latest Turn your giggle into 3D-printed art and it could be sent into space Turn your giggle into 3D-printed art and it could be sent into space Art 08 Dec 2016 Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 Idolised and despised: how the 'digital woman' was created Idolised and despised: how the 'digital woman' was created Ideas Bank 21 Dec 2016 Distant black hole may disprove Einstein's theory of relativity Distant black hole may disprove Einstein's theory of relativity By Kathryn Nave The WIRED World in 2017 24 Dec 2016 TECHNOLOGY Topics Gear Reviews WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 6 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 6 By WIRED Technology 1 day ago HTC's Viveport brings subscription gaming to VR HTC's Viveport brings subscription gaming to VR By Matt Kamen VR 1 day ago Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated By Kathryn Nave Live Streaming Video 1 day ago Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago View More Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity By Emma Bryce Waves 29 Dec 2016 Soldiers of the future will be augmented and indestructible Soldiers of the future will be augmented and indestructible By Emma Bryce The WIRED World in 2017 29 Dec 2016 GEAR Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp By Jeremy White Gear 4 days ago LingLong's DingDong is a Chinese rival to the Amazon Echo LingLong's DingDong is a Chinese rival to the Amazon Echo By Victoria Woollaston Speakers 24 Nov 2016 The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special By Jeremy White Gear 13 Dec 2016 Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab By Ruby Lott-Lavigna WIRED2016 10 Nov 2016 View More A Monster Calls: telling stories from the treetops A Monster Calls: telling stories from the treetops By Alex Godfrey Play 29 Dec 2016 Beyond Pokemon Go: how AR will create a 'deep reality' we can't escape from Beyond Pokemon Go: how AR will create a 'deep reality' we can't escape from By Darran Anderson The WIRED World in 2017 29 Dec 2016 WIRED EVENTS Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 WIRED Originals 03 Nov 2016 Zenia Tata is on a mission to help women feel safe in any situation Zenia Tata is on a mission to help women feel safe in any situation By Gian Volpicelli WIRED2016 04 Nov 2016 An energy revolution is coming. Meet the startups leading the charge An energy revolution is coming. Meet the startups leading the charge By Chris Stokel-Walker WIRED2016 01 Nov 2016 How to become an entrepreneur - and why you're never too young to start How to become an entrepreneur - and why you're never too young to start By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Entrepreneurs 01 Nov 2016 View More Viva la digital revolution: high-speed internet will be key to tackling poverty in 2017 Viva la digital revolution: high-speed internet will be key to tackling poverty in 2017 By Dan Doctoroff The WIRED World in 2017 30 Dec 2016 Self-driving tractors could be key to solving the looming food crisis Self-driving tractors could be key to solving the looming food crisis By Matt Burgess The WIRED World in 2017 30 Dec 2016 SPACE Nasa's flying telescope captures infrared images of Jupiter Nasa's flying telescope captures infrared images of Jupiter By Matthew Reynolds Space 1 day ago Nasa approves two asteroid exploration missions for the 2020s Nasa approves two asteroid exploration missions for the 2020s By Matthew Reynolds Space 1 day ago Astronomers discover extremely rare distant ring galaxy Astronomers discover extremely rare distant ring galaxy By Matthew Reynolds Space 2 days ago Nasa's Orion mission will go further than ever before, but how will it get us to Mars and beyond? Nasa's Orion mission will go further than ever before, but how will it get us to Mars and beyond? By Matt Burgess Nasa 3 days ago View More WIRED Gear: our pick of the hot products in 2016 WIRED Gear: our pick of the hot products in 2016 By Jeremy White Gear 02 Nov 2016 + 30 + 31 REVIEW Hands-on with the Honor 6X: a mid-range phone gunning for its high-end rivals Hands-on with the Honor 6X: a mid-range phone gunning for its high-end rivals By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 3 days ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp By Jeremy White Gear 4 days ago La La Land review: an ambitious musical soured by racist undertones La La Land review: an ambitious musical soured by racist undertones By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Culture 23 Dec 2016 The WIRED test: Four premium turntables are taken for a spin The WIRED test: Four premium turntables are taken for a spin By Ken Kessler WIRED Desired 16 Dec 2016 View More Jarvis is real! Mark Zuckerberg has spent 2016 building an Iron Man-style AI that controls his life Jarvis is real! Mark Zuckerberg has spent 2016 building an Iron Man-style AI that controls his life By Victoria Woollaston Artificial Intelligence: Ai 20 Dec 2016 What's really inside the deep sea internet cables that keep us all online? What's really inside the deep sea internet cables that keep us all online? By Matthew Reynolds Internet 19 Dec 2016 CULTURE Star Trek Axanar fan film not fair use, US court rules Star Trek Axanar fan film not fair use, US court rules By Matt Kamen Film 1 day ago Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated Entertainment, news or real life? Live streaming is complicated By Kathryn Nave Live Streaming Video 1 day ago Alien: Covenant is getting a VR spin-off Alien: Covenant is getting a VR spin-off By Matt Kamen Gaming 2 days ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 By Matt Kamen Culture 5 days ago View More What it's really like living next door to an Airbnb What it's really like living next door to an Airbnb By Nicole Kobie Airbnb 18 Dec 2016 Rogue One review: a beautiful but disjointed film that's trapped under the weight of its nostalgia Rogue One review: a beautiful but disjointed film that's trapped under the weight of its nostalgia By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Culture 14 Dec 2016 BUSINESS Samsung NEXT launches $150 million investment fund Samsung NEXT launches $150 million investment fund By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago Tesla's Gigafactory has started making batteries for the Model 3 Tesla's Gigafactory has started making batteries for the Model 3 By Matt Burgess Tesla 2 days ago Airbnb is on a mission to handle your entire holiday with Trips Airbnb is on a mission to handle your entire holiday with Trips By James Temperton Airbnb 1 minute ago The psychology behind the world's most recognisable sounds The psychology behind the world's most recognisable sounds WIRED Originals 3 days ago View More Why we love Star Wars: an explainer for 'normal' people Why we love Star Wars: an explainer for 'normal' people By WIRED Star Wars 12 Dec 2016 Creating alien worlds on Earth: the astrobiologist trying to understand life on Mars Creating alien worlds on Earth: the astrobiologist trying to understand life on Mars By Emma Bryce R&D 14 Dec 2016 GAMING Square Enix Europe just got Twitter hacked Square Enix Europe just got Twitter hacked By Matt Kamen Hacking 1 day ago HTC's Viveport brings subscription gaming to VR HTC's Viveport brings subscription gaming to VR By Matt Kamen VR 1 day ago Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car Acer's Predator 21 X notebook will cost you more than a family car By Victoria Woollaston CES 2017 1 day ago Mass Effect: Andromeda finally has a release date Mass Effect: Andromeda finally has a release date By Matt Kamen Gaming 1 day ago View More WIRED Big Picture WIRED Big Picture 21 Dec 2016 + 19 + 20 WIRED INSIDER Living with MS: the innovators working on ways to help millions battle multiple sclerosis Living with MS: the innovators working on ways to help millions battle multiple sclerosis By WIRED Insider Promotions 12 Dec 2016 Is your 'cyber hygiene' putting you at risk of attack? Is your 'cyber hygiene' putting you at risk of attack? By WIRED Insider Promotions 06 Dec 2016 Startups and corporates must join forces to boost UK cybersecurity Startups and corporates must join forces to boost UK cybersecurity By WIRED Insider Promotions 17 Nov 2016 Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information By WIRED Insider Promotions 05 Nov 2016 View More Fascinating 'maps' reveal the secret journeys made by animals, from ants to elephants Fascinating 'maps' reveal the secret journeys made by animals, from ants to elephants By Rowland Manthorpe Animals 13 Dec 2016 + 5 + 6 The best iPhone and iPad apps of 2016 The best iPhone and iPad apps of 2016 WIRED's pick of the best free and paid-for iPhone and iPad apps By WIRED iPhone 07 Dec 2016 Get the WIRED Weekender The most important, interesting and unusual stories from the last week on WIRED delivered to your inbox every Friday Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Default Folder X 5.1.2 SEE Finance 1.1.2 ChronoSync 4.7.2 HandBrake 1.0.1 GraphicConverter 10.3 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1 LaunchBar 6.8 MoneyWiz 2.5.3 Default Folder X 5.1 Boom 2 v1.5.1     Published in TidBITS 1347. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No TidBITS Issue on 28 November 2016 Apple Announces New Apple Book Apple Launches iPhone 6 Plus Multi-Touch Repair Program Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac What Apple’s MacBook Lineup Should Look Like Touch Screens, Touch Bars, and the Single Point of Focus TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 21 November 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 21 Nov 2016 | Print  | Comment (10) Apple Announces iPhone 6s Repair Program for Unexpected Shutdowns by Josh Centers Apple has created a repair program for the iPhone 6s to address an issue that could cause the phones to shut down spontaneously. The fix is to replace the battery. Apple says that the problem affects a very small number of iPhone 6s models manufactured between September and October 2015 with specific serial numbers. At first, Apple didn’t have a serial number checker available for this program, but they’ve since added one. Simply enter your device’s serial number on the repair program Web page to see if your device qualifies. If your iPhone 6s is shutting down unexpectedly, you can schedule an appointment with an Apple Authorized Service Provider or the Genius Bar at your nearest Apple Store, or you can contact Apple Technical Support. As always, be sure to back up your iPhone to iTunes or iCloud before you take it in for service. Apple didn’t say whether it would reimburse users who have already paid to have the battery replaced in these phones, perhaps because it affects so few people. That said, if you’ve had your iPhone 6s battery replaced because of this problem, contact Apple to see if the company will help.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Apple Announces iPhone 6s Repair Program for Unexpected Shutdowns To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has launched a repair program to address spontaneous shutdown issues that affect a small number of iPhone 6s phones. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Ann Thompson  2016-11-21 22:32 My 6S has shut down a few times, so I called Apple "chat" and gave the lady my iPhone serial number. She could not help me and said I had to go to an Apple Store! I live 6 hours round trip from the nearest Apple Store but she said she could not check my serial number to see if my phone was one of those affected! I'm not about to drive all that way to be told I don't qualify. They need to publish serial numbers! Reply Scott M.   2016-11-23 03:20 I have to agree. There is zero reason why they could not create a tool on the website where you enter in your serial number and it tells you whether you are in the range where the repair in offered. I have had one occasion where my 6S shutdown with something like 30 to 50% of the battery still left, but it has been a while (thus why I cannot recall more specifically the battery percentage). Other than that, it has behaved pretty well. I have a number of occasions where it will shutdown with under 20%, but still not too often. If I wanted to have it checked out, I don't have to drive as far as you. For me, it is only about 2 hours round trip to the closest Apple Store, but I drive up that way all the time for other reasons. Thus, it is not a big hassle for me to make an appointment, but that does not mean I cannot recognize that it could be a big hassle for many others. Apple used to be better than this. Reply Errol   2016-11-23 20:05 I have a shutdown issue with my 6S (Oct 2015). When the battery is about 40% or less and I ask Siri a question the phone will more often than not shutdown with a red plugin battery icon. To restart you have to plug in to power then the battery will show the original percentage again. This was repeatable the other night. The battery also discharges rapidly especially when running Facetime (about 1% every minute). I carry a spare battery pack just in case now. I phoned the local registered Apple dealer today (no Apple shop in Wellington NZ) quoted my serial number and they indicated it was eligible for repair but will take 4-5 days. Reply Richard  2016-11-23 23:10 I called about this the other day and was on the phone a half hour with AppleCare and they didn't seem to know a thing about it. Then they found it and asked me when my iPhone 6s was manufactured. I told them how the heck should I know? I told them to look up my serial number but they didn't seem to be able to do that. Then I was passed off to another person who finally got to the bottom of it and my iPhone is one that's affected (I've never had a problem but will go for the new battery). All of this took one hour on the phone. One hour. In the end I had to go to an Apple store (an hour away) and wait while they swap out the battery. So, in closing, I told the person at Apple, why not have a web tool that allows people to type in their serial number and check for themselves. She had no clue what I was talking about. Not only is Apple marginalizing the Mac, it seems their customer service is falling apart as well. Reply Somnath Roy  2016-11-28 02:18 I am having this weird problem when I am using the Facetime app. Sometimes it just calls out on its own without me pressing anything on the screen. This is really embarrassing. Then just after that the phone switches off on its own. I am glad that Apple has announced repair programme for the iPhone 6s Reply Simon   2016-11-28 10:44 This article claims there is now a serial number range for devices eligible for battery replacement. https://9to5mac.com/2016/11/28/apple-how-to-check-iphone-6s-battery-replacement-serial-number Reply Simon   2016-12-02 00:10 Here's a link Apple set up to check serial no. https://www.apple.com/support/iphone6s-unexpectedshutdown/ Reply Doug Miller  2016-12-07 17:32 I had my battery replaced today for this. I guess I'm lucky that I live 25 minutes away from an Apple Store. I had an appointment last week and, most definitely, the techs at the Genius Bar are well aware of this issue - they have had a lot of people in. The verified that my serial number was covered and ran some diagnostics on the hardware. They had no batteries in stock, so had to order one for me, which came in yesterday. I made another appt when they called yesterday and went back in today. The battery was replaced in one hour (they initially told me that it can be double that on weekends, when they are much busier.) The tech did tell me that in rare case they will damage the battery during the repair and, if that happens, because they don't have spare batteries in stock, they will provide you with a new iPhone 6s. (I specifically asked if it would be refurbished - no, he said; it will be a new phone.) The shutdown issue happened to me exactly once, a couple of weeks ago. Reply Marie veenstra  2016-12-12 17:33 Anyone had this problem with the standard 6? I have twice now, once in the middle of a group exercise class I teach. Half way through the class and no more music. Very embarrassing. Made me seem flaky, like I couldn't charge my phone before teaching. When I began class I had over 50%. I even put it on airplane mode. No way the battery should have died. I've taught for twice as long on half the battery life. Not sure what to do since I've only seen this problem spoken of in relation to the S. I guess I'll call Verizon. Reply Scott M.   2016-12-12 19:39 You likely will have a better chance either taking it to an Apple Store (make an appointment) or call/chatting with Apple Support. There is a rather good chance that is what Verizon will tell you to do. I am not saying that Apple will necessarily do anything about it, but they are more likely to do something than Verizon will. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has launched a repair program to address spontaneous shutdown issues that affect a small number of iPhone 6s phones. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BYE FI Apple is reportedly going to stop making wireless routers Written by Mike Murphy November 21, 2016 This might be the key. (Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 21, 2016 The company that is forcing its customers to go wireless by removing ports from all of its devices is reportedly going to stop manufacturing wireless routers. According to Bloomberg, Apple will be getting out of the router market and will shift employees onto other projects, including Apple TV, the company’s standalone streaming device. Apple, which has not yet commented on the report, currently sells three router models under the AirPort brand, at prices ranging from $100 to $400. It hasn’t refreshed any of these products since 2013, as Bloomberg points out. While it’s not clear how much of Apple’s revenue is generated by AirPorts, the products aren’t huge sellers. In Apple’s quarterly earnings disclosures, AirPorts are bundled into the “Other Products” bucket, along with the Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPod sales, and Beats Audio headphones. Together they make up Apple’s smallest revenue category, generating roughly $2.4 billion of the $18.7 billion the company brought in last quarter. It’s not entirely clear what Apple’s rationale for leaving the wireless business would be, especially as technology is becoming increasingly mobile, and wireless. Apple’s newest laptops only have USB-C ports, meaning any older devices that users might want to use with them—such printers, cameras, and iPhones—have to be connected through a confusing series of adapters, or wirelessly. Apple routers have functions, such as playing music wirelessly, that are compatible only with Apple products. Bloomberg argues that by killing off its routers, Apple is inviting the possibility of Mac owners buying non-Apple computers to go with their future, non-Apple routers. But it’s possible that Apple is looking to ensnare users in its ecosystem in other ways. Bloomberg also reports that some engineers would be moving to Apple’s TV division. In its current form, Apple TV is a device that wirelessly connects to a router to stream movies, shows, and games to a screen. Perhaps by bringing in engineers who understand connectivity and networking, Apple is setting up Apple TV to play a larger role in an internet-connected home. In recent years, Google and Amazon have introduced voice-activated devices that can control internet-of-things devices, as well as stream music (and in Google’s case, video, if you have a Chromecast). Apple brought its voice assistant, Siri, to its most recent version of Apple TV in 2015. It also fleshed out an app called Home, which allows iPhone owners to control every IoT device in their home from the app. The company has been lacking a standalone, voice-controlled hub like Google’s Home or Amazon’s Echo, but perhaps instead of building up a new device from scratch, it’s planning to add wifi to a streaming device that people already know, and in some cases, love. Apple has been struggling to find a lower-cost device to stuff stockings with, as it once had with the iPod. Falling iPhone sales, coupled with relatively flat sales of all its other products, are only adding to that pressure. Last month, the company posted its first year-over-year sales drop since 2001. Some believe that new products, like a pair of smart glasses, may be the answer; others think the Apple Watch could still become a hit. But given the unexpected success of the Amazon Echo and the initial response to Google Home, perhaps the answer for Apple has been sitting under our televisions this entire time. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Liliputing CES 2017 LPX Reviews Deals Mini PCs Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple sold more than 15 million iPads last quarter 01/24/2012 at 8:10 PM by Brad Linder Over and over I hear from tablet makers that there’s not really a tablet market yet… there’s an iPad market. While it seems like every day a new Android tablet is announced, nobody is selling as many tablet as Apple yet — and Apple’s numbers just keep growing. The company released its quarterly earnings report today — and announced that Apple sold 15.43 million iPads in the most recent quarter. That’s a 111 percent increase over the same period a year earlier. Apple also sold 37.04 million iPhones, 15.4 million iPods, and 5.2 million Macs. While the iPod number actually represents a 21 percent decline from a year ago, the rest of the numbers are way up and Apple had its most profitable quarter ever. If there’s one company that industry watchers expected to have an impact on iPad sales, it’s Amazon. The Amazon Kindle Fire hit the streets in November, and while the $199 tablet doesn’t have all of the iPad’s features, it does sell for less than half the price. Amazon also has popular digital music, movie, book, and app stores which give the Kindle Fire a bit of an edge over many other Android tablets. While there are indications that Amazon has sold “millions” of tablets, the company hasn’t released exact sales figures — and Apple CEO Tim Cook says he hasn’t seen any indication that the launch of the Kindle Fire helped or hurt iPad sales at all. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Matti Still a lot of rich people in the world, it seems…. and here I thought there was a global recession. Latest News Hands-on with the Samsung Chromebook Plus convertible Chromebook The Samsung Chromebook Plus is a notebook with a 12.3 inch, 2400 x 1600 pixel … [Read More...] Mele fanless Kaby Lake and Apollo Lake mini PCs coming in 2017 Chinese device maker is showcasing some of its latest products at the Consumer … [Read More...] Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (1-06-2017) It's back! For the first time in days, I have a tiny bit of free time to look … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE OnePlus 3T Review: The best smartphone $479 can buy Paul Sawers@psawers November 21, 2016 10:01 AM Tags: oneplus, OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T, top-stories Above: OnePlus 3T: Gunmetal gray The year 2016 has ushered in a number of great flagship smartphones, such as Google’s new Pixel line, Samsung’s refreshed Galaxy S7 duo, Apple’s upgraded iPhones, and the slightly-more-under-the-radar offering from OnePlus, which introduced a fantastic premium phone to market back in June. All the aforementioned devices are broadly comparable in terms of specs — sure, some may have slightly better cameras or a higher resolution display or more onboard storage, but each of them deserves to be tagged “premium” or “high-end,” and each brought its own unique perspective on what a 2016 flagship should look like. However, one device stood out over the others on one key metric: price. The Google Pixel XL weighed in at $869 (128GB), Apple sought the same for the iPhone 7 Plus (128GB), and Samsung’s Galaxy S7 Edge sticker price was $619 (32GB). The OnePlus 3 (64GB)? A rather more palatable $400. Fast forward five months, and OnePlus elected to release a slightly better version of the OnePlus 3 called — wait for it — the OnePlus 3T. Why the “T”? “Because ‘T’ is one more than ‘S’,” explained OnePlus cofounder Carl Pei, in a not-so-subtle reference to Apple’s typical use of the letter “S” in its iPhone branding. The thing that surprised many about the 3T was that OnePlus had already garnered rave reviews for the OnePlus 3, and it was a significant step up from the previous OnePlus 2. The OnePlus 3T felt like a wholly unnecessary launch, when the company could’ve just held off for another eight months and dazzled the world with the ultimate “flagship killer.” So why launch the 3T now? “We always want to make the best products possible,” explained OnePlus cofounder Carl Pei at last week’s launch event. “We have been making updates to the software experience on a regular basis, but you can only take software updates so far. Our team has also made important hardware improvements, and we didn’t want to wait another full cycle to bring them to our fans.” Fair enough. While the OnePlus 3T brought some new software smarts to the table, it was the hardware element that really intrigued us. For the first time ever, OnePlus had brought a 128GB device to market — all previous versions had been either 16GB or 64GB, with no room for an SD card. For speed demons, the upgraded device also sports the newer Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor (2.35 GHz) — similar to Google’s Pixel — promising increased performance without compromising on power efficiency. Throw into the mix a larger, 3,400 mAh battery (a 13 percent increase on the previous phone’s battery) and a 16 megapixel front shooter (double the specs of the OnePlus 3), and it would seem OnePlus has gone to great lengths to address any lingering concerns that the company’s phones shouldn’t be bundled in among its big brand counterparts. In a sign that OnePlus wants the 3T to be its new flagship, the company has now stopped selling the OnePlus 3 in many markets. But to reflect the improved specs, it has adjusted the pricing accordingly, with the 64GB version priced at $439 and the all-new 128GB machine setting you back $479 — still, that’s a notable 45 percent cheaper than the 128GB versions of the Google Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus. VentureBeat has been testing one of these puppies for the past week to garner some first impressions and see whether it’s worth the upgrade. In the box Above: OnePlus 3T: In the box Out of the box you get a OnePlus 3T phone (natch), a dash-charging cable, and a plug to connect the device to an electrical outlet. Look and feel From a look and feel perspective, the OnePlus 3T is identical to the OnePlus 3. However, there is a snazzy new gunmetal gray color variant, which does look great, and there is also a soft gold alternative. Above: OnePlus 3T: Gunmetal gray Down the right-hand side is the power button and the SIM tray, which houses two nano-SIM slots. On the left-hand side is the volume up/down button and the physical “alert” slider that lets you turn off all notifications or receive “priority” alerts from contacts you’ve stipulated in advance. Above: OnePlus 3T: side view The OnePlus 3T feels light and solid in the hand, and the aluminum body screams “premium.” It really is a nice piece of equipment. Charging and battery One of the best things about the OnePlus 3T is the battery. The company has kept to the exact same dimensions as the OnePlus 3 but packed in a denser battery that promises 13 percent more juice than its predecessor. Based on our tests, from a full charge the OnePlus 3 easily lasted a whole day under normal usage, which included streaming music, taking photos, and more. After unplugging the charger at 9 a.m. on Friday morning, the device still had 15 percent charge remaining at 12 p.m. the following day, which is better than any other smartphone I’ve ever used. Moreover, the OnePlus 3T has the same “Dash Charge” quick-charging functionality as the OnePlus 3, promising a day’s worth of power from a 30-minute charge. I found that the phone would charge from flat to 55 percent in half an hour, and to 86 percent in an hour. There are other smartphones that promise quick-charging, but oftentimes it can lead to overheating, or there are limitations if the phone is being used during charging. OnePlus has shifted power management from the phone itself to the bundled dash charger, meaning much of the heat doesn’t actually reach the phone. The long and short of this is that the phone continues to charge quickly even when you’re engaging in power-intensive activities, such as streaming videos. Dash Charge fundamentally alters the way I approach charging my device. I no longer leave it charging overnight — instead, I can plug it into the wall first thing in the morning, and it’s good to go by the time I’ve showered and finished my Cornflakes. The software As with other OnePlus devices, the OnePlus 3T ships with its own flavor of Android: OxygenOS. It’s pretty lightweight and close to stock Android, but, unfortunately, the OnePlus 3T doesn’t have the latest version of Android yet — the Android N (Nougat) update should arrive for OnePlus 3 and 3T users by the end of 2016. Still, it’s a bloat-free operating system with some nice surprises. For example, you can set things up so that passwords or fingerprint verification are required for specific apps, meaning you can safely pass your phone to your kids so they can watch Netflix without worrying that they’ll start messing around on WhatsApp or start buying things from Amazon. Other cool features include “flip to mute,” which lets you mute incoming calls by flipping the device, and you can also grab a screenshot by swiping your screen with three fingers. Screen Above: OnePlus 3T: Display The tiny 0.75mm bezel makes the OnePlus 3T screen feel much bigger. It packs a 5.5-inch, 1080p Optic AMOLED display, and it really is crisp and clear, with rich, vibrant colors. However, this drew criticism in one particular review of the OnePlus 3, with the author noting that the display was the least accurate of any device he’d ever reviewed. The company subsequently rolled out a manual sRGB mode for those wishing more accurate colors on their screen. “One publication called the OnePlus 3 one of the worst-calibrated displays on the market,” said Pei, at the OnePlus 3T launch event last week. “When we calibrate our display, it’s a little more vibrant for a more mainstream consumer — most people like it more vibrant. But when we got that feedback, we took it to heart, and within two weeks we released sRGB mode through an over-the-air update. After this, the same publication called the OnePlus 3 one of the most accurate displays on the market.” The upshot of this is that OnePlus is catering to the mainstream market with the default color scheme, while giving sRGB to those with a hankering for display accuracy. It’s worth noting here that the display can also be manually tweaked through the “Customize” option. Above: OnePlus 3T: Screen Calibration Camera The 16 megapixel rear-facing camera remains the same as on the OnePlus 3, however it has been given a “more durable” sapphire glass protective screen. And selfie-lovers will be happy with the huge boost that’s been given to the front-shooter, which is also now 16 megapixels — double that of the OnePlus 3. I’ve not had much chance to properly put the OnePlus 3T’s camera through its paces in different lighting conditions and so on, but it comes with the same manual controls as the previous incarnation, letting users fine-tune the white balance, focus, shutter speed, and ISO. Above: OnePlus 3T: Manual control The company says it has also improved the algorithm behind the electronic image stabilization (EIS) and optical image stabilization (OIS), which should help counter shaky hands. And there are also a bunch of handy “smart capture” features, including one that automatically takes a selfie when it detects that you’re smiling. Above: OnePlus 3T: Smile Capture General thoughts As someone who is upgrading from a OnePlus 2, the OnePlus 3T is like leaping from a cave into a valley of neon lightbulbs — the experience really is like night and day. My OnePlus 2 had become sluggish, with the screen often unresponsive to the touch, and after playing around with the OnePlus 3T, those issues are really noticeable. I simply could not go back to using the OnePlus 2 after experiencing the 3T. Anyone moving from the OnePlus 3 or another 2016 flagship to this phone would not experience the same level of surprise and delight, so it’s difficult to recommend “upgrading” from those devices. However, anyone who’s currently in the market for a high-end Android device, but feeling as uneasy as I was about dropping $869 for a top-of-the-line Google Pixel XL, should look no further than the OnePlus 3T. It is that good. Sure, the Pixel has some added benefits. It already has Android N (Nougat), which is required for Google Daydream VR, as well as a higher resolution Quad HD screen and a marginally bigger battery (3,450mAh). But on the flip side, the OnePlus 3T is slightly smaller and lighter, which will be preferable for many, and it has 6GB of RAM, compared to the Pixel’s 4GB; dual-SIM functionality; and higher-resolution front- and rear-facing cameras. Both devices have largely aluminum bodies, 5.5-inch AMOLED displays, fingerprint sensors, NFC, 3.5mm headphone jacks (LOL), and USB Type-C connections. There are similarities and differences between the Pixel XL and the OnePlus 3T, but the devices are broadly in the same ballpark. And that’s why the price is such a key factor here — it’s just impossible to ignore. Once you’ve weighed up the pros and cons of each device, $869 for the Pixel XL just seems silly compared to OnePlus 3T’s $479 price. It’s a no-brainer. And this is why I have no hesitation in calling the OnePlus 3T the best smartphone on the market today. For me personally, the best thing about the phone is actually that it is available in a 128GB option — that’s a game-changer in terms of what I can do with this thing. All my old ripped CDs have sat on a hard drive for years, with Spotify serving as my main source of music. But with an additional 64GB at my disposal, I can easily listen to all my own music sans internet connection. Throw increased processing power into the mix, and suddenly the OnePlus 3T can serve as a powerful, self-contained portable video recording and editing device, without my having to rely on a cloud storage service. I get a sense that the OnePlus 3T was brought to market now because the founders just couldn’t wait another seven or eight months to unleash their improved specs. Granted, if I’d just shelled out $400 for the OnePlus 3 I’d feel slightly aggrieved that the company had brought a better version of the device to market so soon after. But the 3T isn’t that much better — it’s not the difference between the OnePlus 2 and the OnePlus 3. In the short time I’ve had with the phone so far, I’ve not really encountered anything I don’t like — well, there is one minor quibble. The headphone jack is located on the bottom, while I’m accustomed to having it on the top. This is purely a subjective issue, of course, as many people prefer the jack on the bottom. In a world of disappearing headphone jacks, I’m just glad it has one at all. And it says a lot that the only thing I would change about the phone is the location of a little 3.5mm hole. Pricing and availability The OnePlus 3T goes on sale in the U.S. from November 22 and Europe from November 28. The 64GB version will cost $439 / €439 / £399, while the 128GB incarnation will set you back $479 / €479 / £439. The company confirmed that the device will also be made available in mainland China, Hong Kong, and India, but wouldn’t provide any information on pricing or when it might be released for those markets. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple releases special Thanksgiving Activity achievement for Apple Watch, earn unique award + iMessage sticker Apple releases special Thanksgiving Activity achievement for Apple Watch, earn unique award + iMessage sticker November 21, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple Watch owners in the U.S. can get a special Activity Challenge on Thanksgiving. To obtain the reward, a user must run or walk 5K (3.1 miles) on November 24 using Apple’s Workout app or any third-party app that integrates workouts within HealthKit. If achieved, users will receive an Achievement medal within the iPhone Activity app, and a special iMessage sticker that users could send to their friends. Contextual achievements are brand new to watchOS, while achievements have been a staple on the Apple Watch for a while. So far, it seems as though this achievement is only available for those in the United States, which would make sense as not all countries in the world celebrate Thanksgiving. Although, it’s unclear whether or not Apple will create a separate challenge for the rest of the world to motivate them to do something and earn a special medal and iMessage sticker. Thanksgiving Day Challenge Earn this special achievement on Thanksgiving Day, November 24th when you complete a walk, run or wheelchair workout of at least 5K (3.1 mi) in the Apple Watch Workout app, or any app that records these workouts into the iPhone Health app. You’ll also earn a special Messages app sticker! Tags: Apple Watch, Thanksgiving, watchOS, Workouts About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← New repair program now available for iPhone 6s users experiencing unexpected shutdowns Report: Apple will no longer develop AirPort products anymore, moving employees to ‘other projects’ → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > New repair program now available for iPhone 6s users experiencing unexpected shutdowns New repair program now available for iPhone 6s users experiencing unexpected shutdowns November 21, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment A few days after Apple launched its repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus’ “Touch Disease” issue, the company is now starting another repair program for its iPhone 6s users. The program is focused on iPhone 6s devices that have a battery flaw that could cause the device to unexpectedly shutdown. According to Apple, the issue affects “a very small number of iPhone 6s devices” that were manufactured between September and October 2015. To fix the issue, Apple is replacing the battery of affected devices, free of charge. Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device’s serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge. If you are experiencing this issue, Apple suggests you visit an Apple Retail Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider to confirm your eligibility. From there, the battery will be replaced free of charge. As per usual, any devices with other damage, such as a cracked screen, will not be eligible for this program until the other damage is repaired. For anyone who’s already paid for a battery replacement due to this issue, Apple recommends calling support to obtain a refund. Tags: Apple Retail Store, Battery, iPhone 6s About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple will fix your iPhone 6 Plus affected by Touch Disease but it’ll cost you $149 Apple releases special Thanksgiving Activity achievement for Apple Watch, earn unique award + iMessage sticker → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 103.8m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Apple releases Christmas advert starring a singing Frankenstein and its all kinds of bizarre Adam Starkey for Metro.co.ukMonday 21 Nov 2016 5:55 pm To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video For anyone who enjoys Christmas adverts dosed with the weird, Apple has released their seasonal advert for 2016 starring a festive, singing Frankenstein. Well, technically, it’s Frankenstein’s monster. While we’ve had lovable stop-motion families, bouncing dogs and Waitrose’s oddly tense adventures with a robin, Apple’s entry into the Christmas advert 2016 race titled Frankie’s Holiday might be the most weirdly sweet of them all. Starting off in Frankie’s cabin abode in the mountains, twiddling a music box and recording the song on his iPhone via the Voice Memos app, he receives a package before heading down to the terrified townspeople below. Frankenstein lives high up in his mountain abode (Picture: Apple) Opening the box, he finds two festive Christmas lights which he straps to his metallic neck bolts to rock some festive joy while playing the music box track off his iPhone, before one blinks out of action. Clearly upset with the lack of festive fairy light symmetry, a little girl steps forth from the crowd and beckons the monster over, and clicks his light back into place. Frankie decides to rock the festive Christmas fairy lights to win over the fickle townspeople (Picture: Apple) To round off the weird tale? The town’s folk join Frankie in a festive sing-song of (No Place Like) Home For The Holidays before the slogan ‘Open your heart to everyone’ looms over the snowy scene. Classic fictional monsters need to celebrate Christmas too, you know? We’re shipping presents to Dracula as we speak. If you need a reminder, Apple’s last Christmas advert featured none other than Stevie Wonder for a festive musical sing-song. MORE: Amazon Prime’s Christmas advert spreads a touching interfaith message MORE: Christmas adverts 2016 ranked from worst to best from John Lewis and Marks & Spencer to Sainsbury’s, Waitrose and Alzheimer’s Research UK MoreAppleChristmas TV ads Emmerdale star Danny Miller on NTAs, Robron wedding and more in our big interview Aaron and Robert's Emmerdale wedding to be thrown into chaos by shock event Sorry soap fans but there's no episode of EastEnders tonight 25 soap spoilers: Corrie tragedy, EastEnders death truth, Emmerdale rage Corrie star Faye Brookes on the NTAs and a potential romance for Kate and Sophie And the surprise new Celebrity Big Brother housemates are... Jedward! MORE: Teenager’s bedroom goes up in flames after leaving phone to charge overnight MORE: If you fall asleep with your iPhone in your bed you might want to see this MORE: Apple drops price of USB-C adapters to make amends Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Aaron and Robert's Emmerdale wedding to be thrown into chaos by shock event East is East star Om Puri dies aged 66 after suffering heart attack Arnie Schwarzenegger rises above Donald Trump after he mocks Celebrity Apprentice ratings dip Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Two new housemates to enter the house – here’s who’s rumoured 25 soap spoilers: Corrie tragedy, EastEnders death truth, Emmerdale rageMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: TV › Apple Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Post to Cancel
Log In   Register Now West End Off-Broadway United States NATIONAL TOURS A-D ALABAMA - Birmingham ALASKA - Anchorage ARIZONA - Mesa ARIZONA - Phoenix ARIZONA - Tempe ARIZONA - Tucson ARKANSAS CALIFORNIA - Costa Mesa CALIFORNIA - Los Angeles CALIFORNIA - Palm Springs CALIFORNIA - Sacramento CALIFORNIA - San Diego CALIFORNIA - San Francisco CALIFORNIA - Santa Barbara CALIFORNIA - Thousand Oaks COLORADO - Denver CONNECTICUT DELAWARE E-F FLORIDA - Miami FLORIDA - Ft. Lauderdale FLORIDA - Ft. Myers/Naples FLORIDA - Jacksonville FLORIDA - Orlando FLORIDA - Palm Beach FLORIDA - St. Petersburg FLORIDA - Tallahassee FLORIDA - Tampa G-K GEORGIA - Atlanta HAWAII IDAHO - Boise ILLINOIS - Chicago INDIANA - Indianpolis INDIANA - South Bend IOWA - Des Moines KANSAS - Wichita KENTUCKY - Louisville L-M LOUISIANA - New Orleans MAINE MARYLAND - Baltimore MASSACHUSETTS - Boston MICHIGAN - Detroit MINNESOTA - Minneapolis MINNESOTA - St. Paul MISSISSIPPI - Jackson MISSOURI - Kansas City MISSOURI - St. Louis MONTANA N NEBRASKA - Omaha NEW HAMPSHIRE NEW JERSEY NEVADA - Las Vegas NEW MEXICO - Albuquerque NEW YORK - Brooklyn NEW YORK - Buffalo NEW YORK - Central NY NEW YORK - Long Island NEW YORK - Rockland NEW YORK - Westchester NORTH CAROLINA - Charlotte NORTH CAROLINA - Raleigh NORTH DAKOTA - Fargo O OHIO - Cincinnati OHIO - Cleveland OHIO - Columbus OHIO - Dayton OKLAHOMA - Oklahoma City OKLAHOMA - Tulsa OREGON - Portland P-T PENNSYLVANIA - Central PA PENNSYLVANIA - Philadelphia PENNSYLVANIA - Pittsburgh RHODE ISLAND SOUTH CAROLINA SOUTH DAKOTA - Sioux Falls TENNESSEE - Memphis TENNESSEE - Nashville TEXAS - Austin TEXAS - Dallas TEXAS - Houston TEXAS - San Antonio U-W UTAH - Salt Lake City VERMONT VIRGINIA - Richmond/Norfolk WASHINGTON - Seattle WASHINGTON, DC WEST VIRGINIA WISCONSIN - Appleton WISCONSIN - Madison WISCONSIN - Milwaukee WYOMING - Casper The World NORTH AMERICA CANADA - MONTREAL CANADA - OTTAWA CANADA - TORONTO CANADA - VANCOUVER MEXICO CUBA AUSTRALIA/NEW ZEALAND AUSTRALIA - ADELAIDE AUSTRALIA - BRISBANE AUSTRALIA - MELBOURNE AUSTRALIA - PERTH AUSTRALIA - SYDNEY NEW ZEALAND UK/EUROPE LONDON - WEST END AUSTRIA BELGIUM FINLAND FRANCE GERMANY HUNGARY IRELAND ITALY LUXEMBOURG MONACO NETHERLANDS NORWAY POLAND PRAGUE SCOTLAND SPAIN SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SOUTH AMERICA ARGENTINA BRAZIL COLOMBIA VENEZUELA ASIA CHINA INDIA INDONESIA JAPAN MALAYSIA PHILIPPINES SINGAPORE SOUTH KOREA AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST ISRAEL RUSSIA SOUTH AFRICA TURKEY Entertainment TV/MOVIES CABARET MUSIC BOOKS CLASSICAL MUSIC DANCE OPERA Show Menu Sections Latest News BWW Database CDs/Books/DVDs Grosses - Updated 1/01 Interviews Photos Podcasts Reviews Tony Awards Shows Broadway Shows Broadway Musicals Broadway Plays Off-Broadway Cabarets/Concerts Search by Zip Code Stage to Screen Tours West End Hot Discounts The Babylon Line Tix for $59 If I Forget Save 40% Falsettos Tix for $69 Holiday Inn Save $40 View More Discounts Chat Boards Broadway West End Off-Topic Students Jobs Equity Non Equity Classifieds Students BWW Junior College Center Elementary Center High School Center Student Blogs Video BroadwayWorld TV Broadway Show Previews Backstage w/ Richie Ridge Chewing the Scenery with Randy Rainbow Stage Tube Red Carpets Opening Nights Press Previews Click Here for More Articles on NEW YORK CITY Big Apple Circus Files for Bankruptcy; Community Programs to Continue by BWW News Desk BroadwayWorld.com Nov. 21, 2016   Tweet Share      The Big Apple Circus, a New York and national cultural treasure for nearly four decades, announced today that it has filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. During the bankruptcy case, the Big Apple Circus intends to continue operating some of its community programs, which may be transitioned to other suitable nonprofit organizations, and to sell certain of its assets. In the meantime, the bankruptcy filing preserves the opportunity to restart the Big Apple Circus' one-ring show, either with new financial support or through a sale of the circus to a buyer interested in doing so. Since its founding in 1977, the Big Apple Circus has performed its annual one-ring show under the Big Top for millions of children, families, and fans of all ages and means, in its New York City home at Lincoln Center and on tour. Over the years, the nonprofit organization expanded its mission to include special performances for children who are blind, deaf, on the autism spectrum, and/or have other physical or cognitive disabilities, as well as a variety of community programs, like Clown Care, which brings laughter and joy to aid the healing process of patients in leading pediatric hospitals nationwide. In June, Big Apple Circus launched an emergency "Save the Circus" campaign with hopes to raise sufficient funds to begin production of a show for the 2016-2017 season. Despite receiving contributions from more than 1,400 donors, the Big Apple Circus fell short of its fundraising goal and made the difficult decision not to proceed with the upcoming performance season. The Circus determined that the best course of action to honor its mission and maximize value for its creditors was to commence a Chapter 11 case to effect an orderly wind down of the Circus' affairs. "We are eternally grateful for the support provided by audiences and donors over almost 40 years, and to all of the artists, crew, staff, and Clown Doctors who have provided joy, wonder, and inspiration to so many. Thanks, Paul and Michael. And thanks to founding board chair Alan Slifka and to the amazing board members who are with us still," said Big Apple Circus executive director Will Maitland Weiss. "We are working to ensure that the spirit of the Big Apple Circus will live on." Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is serving pro bono as Big Apple Circus' legal counsel in the bankruptcy case. Conceived and founded by Paul Binder and Michael Christensen in 1977 as a leading presenter of live family entertainment, the nonprofit Big Apple Circus is renowned for its performances and community programs. The Circus engages the communities it serves through the joy and wonder of classic circus arts, creating direct, shared connections in hospitals, nursing homes, and schools in its NYC home and in cities across America. CLOWN CARE brings laughter and joy to aid the healing process of patients in leading pediatric hospitals, while its sister program, VAUDEVILLE VISITS, engages seniors in residential care facilities. CIRCUS AFTER SCHOOL teaches life skills such as teamwork, responsible risk-taking, and perseverance, through a structured program of learning and performing circus arts. For more information, visit www.bigapplecircus.org. Related Articles From This Author BWW News Desk Breaking News: Joshua Henry, Michael Luwoye and Rory O'Malley Will Go 'Non-Stop' in HAMILTON National Tour; Cast Announced! Ta-da! THE ILLUSIONISTS - TURN OF THE CENTURY Becomes Most Successful Magic Show in Broadway History ALLEGIANCE Returns to U.S. Cinemas For One More Day! VIDEO: DEAR EVAN HANSEN's Ben Platt Performs 'Waving Through a Window' on 'Today' SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER - THE MUSICAL to Groove Across the Continent in All-New North American Tour; Cast Announced! Photo Flash: First Cast Photo of ANASTASIA Featuring Christy Altomare, Derek Klena, and Ramin Karimloo Hot Stories Breaking: Henry, Luwoye & O'Malley Will Go 'Non-Stop' in HAMILTON Tour VIDEO: 'EVAN HANSEN's Ben Platt Performs on 'Today' Photos: First Cast Photo of ANASTASIA VIDEO: DEAR EVAN HANSEN's Ben Platt & Lauren Dreyfuss Perform 'Only Us' Regional: Video Highlights, Editor Spotlights, Reviews and More! MSG Fires Back at Marie Claire for Article on Private Rockettes Meeting Rialto Chatter: Will Telly Leung Fly High as ALADDIN's Next Prince Ali? BroadwayWorld TV Cynthia Erivo Talks Lasting Impact of THE COLOR PURPLE on CBS Tonya Pinkins Takes On the YouTube Roast Challenge AUDIO: Ramin Karimloo Talks Broadgrass and UK Tour THE LOVERS Gets A Poster, Trailer and Release Date HBO Releases Full Trailer for Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds Doc BRIGHT LIGHTS HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL Co-Stars Reunite for Sweet Duet Highlights of Opening Night of AMELIE at the Ahmanson! TV Exclusive: Cusack Croons Tunes at BRIGHT STAR's Reunion Concert BWW Exclusive: Debbie Reynolds Recounts Highs and Lows of Her Epic Career on Stage and Screen in Vintage Interview Watch Highlights of Molly Pope in A STAR IS BORN at 54 Below Ticket Central Browse All Shows THE BABYLON LINE HOLIDAY INN FALSETTOS IF I FORGET ATLANTIC ACTING SCHOOL Watch Now on BWW TV More Subscribe Now Register now for discounts, specials & more! E-mail address Recommended for You Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr Apps BWW Sister Sites TV/MOVIES MUSIC BOOKS CLASSICAL MUSIC DANCE OPERA BWW Hub ALLEGIANCE Returns to U.S. Cinemas For One More Day! VIDEO: 'EVAN HANSEN's Ben Platt Performs on 'Today' Advertising Info Contact Us Join the Team Submit News Privacy Policy Report Error © 2017 Wisdom Digital Media
Apple offering battery replacements for iPhone 6s models with ‘unexpected shutdown issues’ (Updated) | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation… Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple… Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support,… Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of… Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party… Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: 3D Luxe Lightning Earphones with… Daily Deal: [email protected] Premium Licenses Daily Deal: The 2017 iOS 10 Complete App… Daily Deal: Boombotix Boombot Bass Station Daily Deal: New Year’s Sale Daily Deal: Clip & Snap Smartphone Camera… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple offering battery replacements for iPhone 6s models with ‘unexpected shutdown issues’ (Updated) By Dan Pye ● Thursday, December 1, 2016 Apple is offering free battery replacements for some iPhone 6s users whose phones are unexpectedly shutting down. The program is limited to certain devices manufactured from September to October 2015, and phones are subject to an inspection prior to the repair to make sure the serial number is within the correct range. Customers can contact Apple technical support, an Apple retail store or an authorized Apple service provider to find out of their phone is eligible for the repair. Owners of an iPhone 6s who have paid to replace their battery to remedy the shut down problem are also urged to contact Apple about a possible refund. Before customers take their phone in for service, Apple recommends backing up all personal data. Update: Apple has added a serial number checker to the program page, allowing users who suspect they may be affected by this problem to enter their iPhone 6s serial number online to see if their device is eligible for replacement under the program. Comments I have had this happen multiple times to my 6s plus, which I got at the beginning of November 2015. Only the 6s is included in the replacement program. Has anyone else with a 6s plus had this issue?. Posted by JV on 2016-12-02 15:35:55 « Daily Deal: Kinkoo 3-Outlet Surge Protecting Smart Power Strip Report: Fitbit to acquire Pebble » Related Stories Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support, Live Photos in Stories Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 Apple announces record-shattering New Year’s Day for App Store Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: Recent News Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support, Live Photos in Stories Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party devices to HomeKit Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan titles now available for iOS Leviton debuts HomeKit-compatible Decora In-Wall Dimmers and Switches Carrier adds HomeKit support to Côr Thermostat Google Calendar iOS app can now track workouts via HealthKit Honeywell announces Lyric HomeKit-compatible security cameras Recent Reviews Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Sen.se GuardPeanut Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Apple now replacing defective iPhone 6s batteries By Todd Haselton | November 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple on Monday announced yet another replacement service for customers. This time the company released details on a program that will replace the batteries in defective iPhone 6s units that unexpectedly shut down. Last week, Apple announced a similar program for defective iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units that might experience “Touch Disease.” That replacement program costs users $150. The new initiative was put in place after users began to complain of iPhone 6s units that would suddenly shut down while they were in the middle of something. This isn’t by design, of course. Apple said that “a very small number of iPhone 6s devices” are affected by the problem, including products that were manufactured between September and October of last year. Only a “limited serial number range” of iPhones are in the troubled group, Apple said, so don’t worry if you haven’t experienced any problems yet. Apple also said that customers don’t need to worry about the devices being a safety hazard. How to replace your defective iPhone 6s battery The process to get a replacement is relatively simple. If you believe you have a defective unit, you can contact Apple Technical Support to get started on a replacement, or visit an Apple Retail Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider. You may want to call ahead of time to make sure that they’re able to replace batteries first, however, since some stores aren’t outfitted to do that, Apple said. Apple also noted that customers should not try to visit a wireless carrier since they’re not able to help with this situation at all. Users should back up their data to iCloud or iTunes first, turn off “Find my iPhone” and then completely reset the phone. It’s a bit of a hassle to go through, no doubt, but at least Apple isn’t charging for this like it is for “Touch Disease” display replacements. Plus, it’s better to know you have a battery that’s reliable instead of one that’s going to automatically shut down your phone during an important phone call. You can read more about Apple’s replacement process at the source link below. Source Apple Topics #Apple #Apple #iPhone 6s Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / McLaren confirms Apple talks happened – they just weren't ever 'definitive' McLaren confirms Apple talks happened – they just weren't ever 'definitive' by Joe Roberts 21 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments In September, reports surfaced that Apple was in talks with car-maker McLaren concerning a possible takeover of the company by Tim Cook and co. It was also claimed that Apple was considering investing in the British super-car company if a takeover didn't go ahead, with the New York Times, Bloomberg, and The Financial Times all reporting the news. Now, a new report from Reuters seems to confirm the talks did indeed take place, but that they largely came to nothing. Related: Apple Car McLaren Automotive CEO Mike Flewitt confirmed in an interview that McLaren and Apple were in discussions, but he said the talks never resulted in a "definitive proposition". "There wasn't a bid from Apple," said Flewitt. "They visited. We talked. We talked about what they did. We talked about what we did. They toured. It never matured to a definitive proposition." The CEO's comments follow McLaren saying it was "not in discussion with Apple in respect of any potential investment". According to a recent Bloomberg report, Apple, which has long been rumoured to be working on a self-driving car, has "drastically scaled back its automotive ambitions." The company reportedly cut hundreds of jobs and gave remaining staff a deadline of late next year to "prove the feasibility of the self-driving system". Apparently, the firm decided to refocus its efforts on developing an autonomous driving system, rather than manufacturing an actual vehicle of its own. It could be that this development affected talks between Apple and McLaren, although there's no way to know for sure. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know what you make of the news in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] iPhone vs Android: 15 Reasons iPhone is Better Josh Smith11/16/2016 We’ll explain 15 reasons the iPhone is better than Android with a 2016 iPhone vs Android comparison that includes the newest iPhones and Android devices as well as Android 7.0 and iOS 10. Advertisement The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus may not deliver a super screen resolutions, but they hit the right notes for many buyers and with iOS 10 there are even more reasons the iPhone is better than Android for many users. Yes, 2016 brings a plethora of new devices like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, One Plus 3, the LG V20 and other phones that deliver a bigger challenge for Apple — but there are still places where the iPhone is clearly better than Android and iOS 10 is better than Android Nougat. You need to learn what the iPhone does better and how Apple delivers a better experience than Android to see if an iPhone is the best smartphone for you in 2016. Here are 15 reasons the iPhone is better than Android phones in 2016. Use our list of reasons the iPhone is better than Android to figure out which new smartphone you should buy this year. Read our iPhone 7 review to learn what sets this phone apart from the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. You can buy the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus for $250 off this month thanks to iPhone 7 Black Friday deals. Advertisement Read: Siri Tips & Tricks Even if you think you know which phone is best, you might be surprised to learn about all the reasons the iPhone is better than Android. iPhone Apps Are First and Better Looking Most of the popular apps are on both platforms, but many top games and apps still come to iPhone first. We’re seeing more apps come to both Android and iPhone at the same time, but there are still way more iPhone only apps that we see than Android only. Advertisement When apps are available on iPhone and Android we still often see a better design on the iPhone version than on Android. This is something that still rings true in 2016. For example we still see some new Snapchat features and Spotify features come to iPhone before Android. Read: Best iPhone Apps Apps are an area where the gap is closing, but the differences still exist and are noticeable. We also see Apple take better care of the App Store. Recently they purged 47,300 apps from the app store that were simply bad or abandoned. Fast iPhone Updates for All iPhone owners enjoy quick and regular iOS updates for the iPhone no matter what carrier they use. Faster updates are available for all iPhone owners. Android updates take months to arrive on all the devices. After an Android device is 18 months old, you may need to wait for a new Android smartphone to get the latest software. Apple delivers iPhone updates to devices that are three years old. Apple offers iPhone 4s iOS 9 support. It is unheard of to see support for an Android phone that old. iOS 10 is available for the iPhone 5. When you look at Android devices support ends much faster. Google promises at least two years for Nexus devices, which means Nexus 6 support ends this fall and the Nexus 6P in September 2017. Google may push farther out, but it is not a guarantee. Other Android device manufacturers don’t typically match the longevity of iOS updates. On top of the added update support, Apple does not allow carriers to hold up the updates. As soon as the update is available from Apple it is available on every carrier. If you really want Android Nougat, you may need to simply buy a new Android phone. Works Great with All Your Devices If you own an iPhone, iPad and Mac your information flows smoothly from one device to the other. You can quickly sync photos to all of your devices, answer a phone call on your iPad or Mac and send text messages from your other devices. There is also support for Handoff that allows you to start a task on your iPhone and continue on your iPad or Mac. The iPhone works great with the iPad and Mac. Overall the connectivity between these devices is something Android doesn’t yet match without relying on a collection of third-party applications and services to hodgepodge together a similar feature. Sharing a file from your iPhone to your Mac is also faster and easier thanks to AirDrop. This built-in service sends the file wirelessly directly to the Mac, even when there is no other WiFi around. Continue to Next Page. 1 2 3 4 234 Responses 05/27/2015 Dave Reply Your article is good but the major and best reason to buy an iPhone over anything else is because it’s an APPLE. You simply can’t go wrong. I own an iPhone 5, iPad Mini 3, MacBook Pro, iMac, and Apple TV. I would not even consider anything else, especially something from that “G…” company which I abhor. I won’t even use their search engine. Same goes for anything from that software manufacturer that, well, just call it “MS). Try calling any other manufacturer for support and see if you can understand what they are saying. I suppose I am bias toward Apple but after nearly 30 years of dealing with computers of all sorts I guess my opinion is warranted. 07/17/2015 gabe Reply why people like iphones? I never understood why anyone would like to give control to another company of what you do with their device. why force u to follow MEDIA SHARING and digital rights media? you cannot torrent on iPhone, nor transfer music and videos without ITunes or a paid online service in iOS. I hate that Samsung s6 tried copying apple iPhone. no microsd slot and integrated battery. CMOn! 04/06/2016 Sai Reply You ever used apple ? 07/05/2016 greentoe Reply http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply You’re literally so idiotic that you can’t spell the full name of a company. Only Apple, cuz you’re an I sheep. You can go very wrong. If people were smart these days, they would understand that iPhones are unequivocally not the right choice for them. You wouldn’t recommend anything else, because it is too limited and unintelligent to use anything else. Stop trying to influence other people to buy garbage phones and devices 05/12/2016 Nancy Reply Why are u being a hypocrite calling someone idiotic for not knowing how to spell the company name right when some of ur sentences don’t even make sense. Apple doesn’t have any competition be used it is the best phone to get. 07/13/2016 Rona Reply First of all, don’t criticize someone for calling someone else idiotic when you can’t even use proper spelling or grammar. Second, Apple is all marketing. There is nothing special about it. Android offers phones that have expandable memory (and guess who doesn’t?) and better high-speed data services. iPhones die extremely quickly, you can’t use iTunes on any other devices, whereas Android platforms are available on all devices, the picture quality on an iPhone is pathetic compared to Androids, and Apple products are majorly behind in technology. The latest update for an iPhone came out two years ago for an Android. Apple has a set array of things it can do, and you can’t customize or change that. But if you want a high-end technology phone, choose an Android. It does so much more and you can customize and change its features. I have had both an iPhone and an Android phone. 09/14/2016 Abhishek well,mam i am an android user and i would like to say that iphones are the best because when you buy an android first it will give you good performance but after one month it will start hanging and work slow and that is same with every android devices.and their are so many android malware which also affect performance. Iphones are the best, secure and stable. 09/15/2016 Me Stay butthurt, loser ; ) 12/04/2016 jgames “nothing special about it” fastest phone ever 3d touch very good camera looks very nice “nothing special about it” why do we need expandable memory on iOS? gime a few reasons for that. “better high-speed data” give me your source for all this information. iphones die extremely quickly? how? do you even have an iphone? iphones have much better standby and screen on time with heavy usage than android. you cant use itunes on other devices, yes, but ios wants to keep it ios exclusive because their services are one of the major selling points for them. android platforms are available everywhere, but google software is usually preferred to ios software. pathetic picture quality? wut? iphone pictures wont lose quality when you zoom in and support much more colors than any old android camera. android cameras are very nice as well, though. “apple are behind in technology” a lot of people say this but it’s actually quite the opposite. 3d touch was very innovative, its like a ‘right click’ for your phone. the latest iphone update did not come out 2 years ago. you seem like you have no idea what you’re talking about and just spouting nonsense. apple can do a lot of things without customization, but what customization do we really need? people always saying android is more customizable but never give examples, and when they do its “homescreen.” moving home screen icons around is a pretty useless feature tbh android isnt more high end tech than iphone and i dont see how much more it does. you havent even explained how it can in your comment. so please use common sense before spouting nonsense 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Not very nice. Also, Apple is just as good as Android, theres aspects that one company has over the other, and vice versa, so the best thing to do is just to test out both and find your favorite and use it because Android and Apple’s problems and advantages weigh out each other so it really just matters which one you like the most so just use the one u like and stop arguing. 08/19/2016 Zane Reis Reply I prefer Android because of the coustomization it has to offer. I prefer to be able to change change almost every aspect about my phone and making it the way “I” like it, not the way Apple likes it. I like the coustomization while others find it chaotic, confusing, and would rather it be (in their eyes) simpler. 05/26/2016 Billy Reply Says the one who has Zombie Knight as their username. 07/18/2016 Nate Pauley Reply That’s an interesting rather stupid mindset to have and it makes me reflect on the time I had those same views. It took me 6 years as an android user to eventually realise how inferior it is to iOS. Android is plagued with fragmentation, so much that not even customisation can save it. There should be a term that describes blindsided android followers, if there is one then I’d like to know it. iOS is solid, stable, secure and much more better looking than android – Apple pays exquisite attention to the finer details and they will continuously improve on the irritating nooks and crannies so many people mention in the comments. The best part is APPLE USERS CAN ACTUALLY BE A PART of the firmware updates and have assurance in a better OS experience overtime. I’ve had my S6 for a year and I’ve only managed to have one firmware update that took 7 months to deliver. I can only give credit to android for the premium android devices such as my S6, until then the physicality of a device alone cannot make me shift in the near future. I want a solid experience, not a hollow one. 08/02/2016 Adarsh Reply Hi, Your comparison of iphone with S7 is not right because in case of iphone both hardware and software are developed by Apple and in case of S7 developer of hardware is Samsung and developer of software is Google. I use Nexus 5 phone, hardware and software both developed by Google and manufactured by LG and ipad Air2 by Apple. Both devices update periodically whenever updates are released and I am happy with both. 09/15/2016 Me Reply LOL stay laughably buthurt/beyond tasteless loser Fandroid X ) 12/17/2015 Noah Reply This comment, as well as this article are laughable at best. Coming from a person who owns all major Apple products but frequently bounces back and forth in the smartphone department, I don’t see how any of these actually make the iPhone “better” than android. I would say the only point that is valid is the support Apple has from app developers. It’s pretty easy to see that apps on the iPhone can be “prettier” than apps on android with the extra animations, and quick gestures. However even that is relative, since iOS gives you security and “pretty animations” but gives of freedom and functionality in the process. I still can’t tell you which phone is better, as that all is personal preference and I really don’t care which phone is “better”. I just want a phone that does what I want it to do without too many hiccups (which is why I’ll never buy another Samsung device). For now, I’d say in terms of productivity, the iPhone is great if you are a person who needs iMessage, FaceTime, and the Apple ecosystem to feel comfortable doing work. While I believe most android phones will get work DONE. With the amount of third party apps available to you on the play store, multi window, Google now on tap, and other gestures. I have always felt an android is phone is more a workhorse while the iPhone is king of simplicity. 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Congrats, you just wasted about 5-15 minutes of your time typing out this article because its not going to convince anyone. Just stick to the one you like best and live life. 05/25/2016 Blake Kersey Reply And what makes you think he gives a f$&# what you think?? 05/30/2016 hello Reply Unless you’re a billionaire you cannot stick to the pone that you wanto 07/30/2016 Avalanche Tsunami Reply Dude, he also has a “Android vs iPhone: 15 Reasons Android is Better” article too. So, he’s not being biased. http://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/05/26/android-vs-iphone-2016-android-better/ 11/10/2016 Pixleboy2 Just because he has another article doesn’t mean this one’s biased 01/06/2016 Leo Keys Reply Why would someone else go with a product by Google, NVidia (I will come back to them), or Microsoft; over that “A…” Company (Repeat)? The reason people would use nVidia over the AMD (god I hate AMD’s Products) GPU’s found in Mac products? They want a more powerful GPU. Apple says that their “PC’s” are better and use top-notch products. Why don’t they use the GeForce GTX 980m in the MacBook Pro? Why don’t they use Quadro cards over FirePro cards? Because Apple doesn’t know anything about Graphics. As for iMac’s I have no clue why some use an i5. Apple products thermal throttle a lot. Android is secure with the right Antivirus programs. It is also much more free to do what ever you want. But, because your an iSheep, you can’t process facts that favor the other side of the grass. Guess your life must be happy, getting råpēd by Apple, every year and paying thousands on eye candy. Why use Google or Bing over Yahoo? Yahoo sucks, that’s why. Face the fact that Yahoo and other search engines are inferior to Google. Apple products are trash and are eye candy for white girls (Starbucks and that stuff). 01/06/2016 Pedro Coimbra Reply Now you have to bring the Nvidia/ATI war? What, the iphone/android isn’t enough for you? Dude AMD cards are equally powerful, no matter how much you “hate them”. Why Apple chose AMD? Maybe prices, power consumption, price/performance ratio, easier to adapt to their hardware, who knows? But a company such as Apple (you can write the complete name, it won’t bite you) so adept at optimization doesn’t make these decisions lightly, they HAVE a reason, one that you *don’t know*, but that’s irrelevant. About the i5, a reason for the apparent lower specs must be because of how streamlined and optimized the OS is, instead of being made to work with zillions of combinations of brands, boards, peripherals. So what you want in hardware to cope with the software, was made achieved with the fat-free software. «Android is secure with the right Antivirus programs», well I guess any system is secure with the right Antivirus programs, isn’t it? but never 100%. How about a system that doesn’t need antivirus, just a little inteligence from it’s user? Android safe… yes, keep dreaming, it’s not as the net isn’t filled with cases of security holes and breaches of android. If you reply to my I advise you right now to not bringing ATI/Nvidia stupid nerdish arguments or sheep mentality, about mobile platforms and geekinesses like that, because I simply don’t have the patience. P.s: «Apple products are trash and are eye candy for white girls» …. LOL… I’m trying to contain myself here… :D 04/21/2016 Vickie Reply I love you 🙌🏼 (apparently I am a white girl who loves Apple and Starbucks… I’m more of a Costa girl myself) 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Its based on opinion, Apple and Android are like XBox and PS4, they have advantages over each other and problems of their own, nothing is gained over arguing about it because recently Android has caught up to Apple so now its just up to personal preference because they are pretty much at the same level right now. 07/15/2016 quenchybro Reply why does everyone write a full on report about their opinion this is ridiculous 01/23/2016 Maestro Reply hhhh your gr8 especially last sentence 01/23/2016 Maestro Reply Last sentence especially Starbucks hhhhhhhh made me die of laugh 09/13/2016 bestdeals242 Reply Nice 03/21/2016 Matt Reply what search engine do you use Bing lol or internet explorer 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Who the F-Word uses Internet Explorer anymore 05/03/2016 Thomas Oglesby Reply Are you ok? Do you need help? The only reason you like them is because you a billable fanboy that refuses to try anything else, and just because it’s ridiculously expensive, you think it’s better. I feel bad for you and your Apple world 07/02/2016 popcorn Reply yeap http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 07/06/2016 applefanbois Reply You’re just a douche…applefanboi 07/25/2016 Lana Rae Reply Yes, you have just confirmed what the article ‘why do Americans hate Android and love Apple?’ says. Very sad….. 10/06/2016 Alon Reply Amazing, almost all whats written in the article is wrong. More apps with faster updates??? How can it be if 85 percent of the market is Android, and it much more easier to write an app to Android? It’s not making any sense and wrong. Also other things like sharing things and integration compared to Apple products only. Almost every line in this article is not right. 12/12/2016 Cjros Reply LOL, thank you for making me 100℅ sure that Android is way better than newest IOS. Your arguments are so poor and naive :). The only thing youve got right is the SD expansion, but it is not any issue at all :). Thank you, my hero :) 12/15/2016 Debapriyo Reply You are so dangerously biased towards Apple that some of your words make so sense and are outright stupid. I have no problems with you choosing an apple product but lol. You don’t use Google search engine? Then you are missing out. Their search engine is still the best and most reliable and miles ahead of other search engine options. Google Maps way better than Apple Maps. Every tiny feature Apple introduces in the new version of IOS, Google had it in android 2 years back. I myself love some Apple products and appreciate the high standards of quality they incorporate in their products but please don’t even compare Apple with Google. Apple just makes iphones, macbook and some fancy toys. Google makes much much more and is the spearhead of IT innovation today. Be a fanboy but don’t be an idiot. 06/23/2015 Chris H Reply Some of these reasons for being better than Android phones are oxymoronic. An extended warranty and readily available Apple Stores suggest that the iPhone is prone to bugs and damage. I will stick with my G3 because I know if I drop it it won’t shatter and I won’t have to give more money to Apple either for a case and/or a screen fix. There is a reason there aren’t Android stores out there. Because their phones don’t nearly have as many issues in my opinion. Consider Chevrolet and Honda. The Honda will last and is just as nice if not nicer than the Chevy, which will not last nearly as long and will force loyal customers to buy yet another Chevy. 07/27/2016 eiendiaies your_ufo Reply I would love to hear your comment now about your G3. Android stores are not because android companies dont give a f.ck about costumers, they just improve SPECS SPECS AND SPECS but where is NO improving quality. Why for example iphone 12 megapixel camera can beat sony xperia 23 megapixel camera, why iphone 1500 mah battery last longer than lg 3000mah, why fingerprint on iphone works much better than samsungs? And whats a practical difference between 640p vs 2k smartphone screen? Damn the real sheeps dont understand what apple cares about costumers and they stay at same screen resolutions because they just dont need to improve screens, android companies just keep adding numbers on specs. But where is quality improvment? You say iphone works better because of lower resolution screens, but than why androids keep improving resolutions but forget about older android users? I am ex samsung and LG user, rubbish costumer services, if android die than i must wait couple weeks for replacment, if somethin happen with iphone i know where is apple store and dealing with them in same day. Price stays high for iphone for a real reason. Iphone is not about SPECS, its about quality in every aspect. 09/30/2016 Linked Devices Reply The issue with iPhones that I hated was that the only way you could fix any glitch that would inevitably crop up is by factory resetting the phone each and every time. It’s such an annoying and time consuming process having to set everything back up again. When I made the switch to Android I was really impressed by how stable and self contained it was. Whenever there was a glitch it was limited to that particular app and you could simply reinstall it and it’d be fixed. I’ve never encountered any systemwide issues such as the iPhone misc storage bug that would happen to me all the time with the 6s. Apple does a great job hiding all of its glitches by simply not providing any prompts. Apps just disappear when they crash. It’s terrible. I know a lot of people with the misc storage bug to this day and don’t know it. They just think they’re out of space all the time because they need a new phone.. 09/30/2016 Linked Devices Reply I lol’d at how much superior the author thought the lightning cable was because it was reversible. You have a fifty fifty chance at it if you do it blindly but most cables have a dimple on top to make sure you get it even time. It’s the most versatile cable, it’s simple, affordable and it just works. No one really has a hard time plugging them in, that was an invented problem. 06/25/2015 RuskieBear Reply 90% of these are false 09/30/2015 poopy Reply You’re just a piece of poop 09/14/2016 Trashpple Reply Chill out iRetard. 10/28/2015 jihou Reply your moms false 06/30/2015 phinfankid Reply I’m a long time android user, but I thought about switching to iPhone on my last upgrade. Some of these were acceptable reasons, but most were not. My wife is using an iPhone 6, and I have the Galaxy S6 edge. We both agree that my phone is far superior in terms of speed and screen resolution, but her camera, even being spec-deficient to my Android, seems as good as, or even better somehow. I like your point on the updates all rolling out at once, but almost every other “point” you made about iPhone being better boils down to one thing: lots of your friends have iPhones. That’s it. That’s the selling point, and the basis of this article. “iPhone apps look better.” – That’s completely relative. Lots of apps do look better, but they generally are paid apps that are free in the Play Store. “Works for all your devices” – So what? I thought this was a phone article. Android works with all your crap too. “No Carrier bundled apps” – I dont know how that’s a selling point, but okay, you win. Bloatware is an issue on android. “Sharing to other iPhones”/”Better resell” – Your friends all have them, so you should too. Then you can sell them to other friends who have older ones and make more money. Ridiculous. Yeah, you get a few more bucks for them, so that means you should have an inferior phone? Who buys a phone because of resale value? Preposterous. “Lightning cable is miles better” – My S6 charges from nothing to 40% in 10 minutes. iPhone can’t do that. I understand that the cable may be good, but “miles better” is a stretch. “Apple Stores” – So? I don’t even understand how this is a point in your article. Go to best buy, it’s the same crap. “Touch ID”/”Headphone controls” – Those both work flawlessly on a good number of high end android devices as well. “iMessage, Facetime, blah blah” / “Share apps easily” – All your friends have these, so you should too, or they’ll laugh at you. “Siri works better than Google Now” – Google Now isn’t Siri. That shouldn’t be a comparison. It’s not trying to be Siri. It’s a voice search, and that’s it. Siri works, but it doesnt work “better” than anything else, because there’s nothing to compare it to. If you like having Siri, good. “Notifications are better” – No, they’re not. Android’s notifications work exactly the same. Now don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying iPhone isn’t better, I’m just saying you haven’t proven that it is here in the slightest. Both OS’s are very well made, and the playing field is far more level than any avid IOS or Android user wants to admit. 07/30/2015 Helene Reply Excellent comment. I totally agree with you. 08/07/2015 Sam Reply DONT throw away your s6 edge… get an iphone but if you can use them interchangeably 07/15/2016 quenchybro Reply lol hi sam 10/09/2015 Palbo Reply I disagree. Bloatware is not really a problem on Android; any respectable company will only install commonly used and necessary apps like the Play Store and Gmail. If you are buying a phone that will leave your wallet intact (and still deliver better specs in every single measurable way than an iPhone 6, such as the lenovo k3 note) from a less known company which may allow bloatware, you can easily root the phone and uninstall it. I do agree with your other points, though! 05/27/2016 ZENCKPRI Reply Phinfankid you are completely right. I agree with everything you said. You are probably the only logical person who has commented so far. Also the iPhones storage is just a scam to keep people paying and buying more storage. Unfortunately the Samsung Galaxy s6 also removed the microsd slot, but luckily Samsung got it sh*t together with the Samsung s7, which in my opinion is the best phone. 07/12/2016 10beasts Reply You really explained the situation very well! Loved it. 07/09/2015 D Reply This article compares Apples to apples. Your references to Android are focused towards Samsung (you know the company that makes the screen, processor, RAM, and ROM in most Apple devices). Compared to a more vanilla Android experience, Apple blows. My $200 Zenfone 2 is better than any fruity phone at a third of the cost. With Apple, you pay more for less, but get a pointless logo. 07/10/2015 Scott Reply What about Apples different charger cords? Droids micro USB cords work with any other Android device. In fact, pretty much all phones but apple use it. They want you to need to buy new chargers more often. Apples are streamlined fads also, just like every product they’ve ever released. Yeah, cause being “cool” means getting the same more expensive products all the other rich kids got. 07/30/2015 Helene Reply I had both and I don’t agree with this article. I prefer Android phones over Iphones. I think Apple have better computers, but not better cell phones. 03/06/2016 Firas Bajjar Reply Keep dreaming…. 03/06/2016 Firas Reply Keep dreaming….Apple has better computers you serious? You can do a lot of stuff on Windows pcs while Mac struggles to do one stuff….At least it’s stable and easy to use through…But seriously it’s overpriced shit…You can get almost awesome gaming laptops for the price of a MacBook Air. In fact, iPhone is better than android….Because the mobile era is another thing, it’s called mobile for a reason. It should be easy to use and quick. That’s why Apple wins at this point…Come on get real men you wanna play GTA V on your mobile? No for sure. Apps are even better (which surprises me why it isn’t the same for a Mac vs Windows) iPhone’s are faster than most android phones….But if you compare it to stock original android phones, the iPhone still beats them but not as much as other android phones. Because unfourtantely Google didn’t know how to configure Linux properly but i bet you if it does…The iOS faster than android is a history….Linux is ultra-powerful and that’s why most of the world super computers use it…Because you can tweak it the way you like and you will get an extremely faster performance than Windows and Mac. But Google couldn’t handle it I guess….Even the Java language is much faster in terms of processing but I’m still surpsised why iOS apps are still faster….It’s just another replica of Nokia’s fault with Symbian (Nokia never built a stable Eco system for it until it’s near to death period, which led the CEO to get rid of Symbian because it takes years to built an eco system) 05/19/2016 PABLO Reply Right off the bat i can tell you are a little kid who just bought a samsung and is butt hurt you made the wrong choice, “struggles to do one stuff” he also pays great attention in class shown by how grammatically correct this is (as i was writing this I found this… “The iOS faster than android is a history” WHO TEACHES THIS KID I NEED TO COMPLAIN)! 08/04/2015 Robin Reply Poorly written article bringing in irrelevant points and downright false information. Take your “works great with all your devices” section for an example. I use an android phone and an apple computer, and the two devices are 100% compatible with no need for a “third-party application” or service. Completely untrue information in this section. Also I have texts and all the regular online messaging apps I use from both devices well synced. All data, photos, contacts, music, etc from my phone are stored in a cloud service and attainable through my mac computer and my (android) phone. Also your first section “iPhone Apps Are First and Better Looking” contradicts itself. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply My iPhones have NEVER worked great with my PC laptop. NEVER. And the people in the store aren’t much help either. I’ve wasted hours in there. So I don’t know who the person who wrote this article talked to, but my experience has been awful with compatibility between iPhone and PC. In fact, it’s the main reason I’ll never buy another iPhone. 08/10/2015 Malin Saming Reply Really? Here are 10 reasons you have apples for brains: Android is free, Google drive storage is FREE. 15 gig of files, unlimited photos! Androids voice recognition is WAY better, try a comparison, Siri is like a nagging wife who can’t get it right. Android phones have wireless charging! Android phones built in payment that works everywhere. Not at 3% of stores like Apple payment. Android phone MULTITASK, thats right you can run a dozen apps at the same time while talking. Android phones have sizable widgets, so you have live streaming info on your home screen. Android phones are available in endless formats, not like the communist way “everyone has the same”. Android phones PLAY ALL FILES, iphones only play Mp3’s from itunes etc etc pain in the Apple. Android phones have rapid charging, 10 min = 4 hours of use. Android phones are available with 2 days of battery. I could go on and on but your Apple brain will not listen anyways. You probably have a really nice typewriter that you show off the lack of it needing toner or electricity. There is a reason Android is about 82% of the market and Apple has fallen from 33 to about 12%… In fact the remaining iphone users I know all run Google everything on their iphone anyways, why not get the best hardware too. I look at everything I can and see things for how they are, then I buy the best I can find, if you do the same you will love your new Galaxy S6 8^ ) 12/13/2015 Pedro Coimbra Reply I tried, but stop reading after the «iphones only play Mp3’s from itunes etc etc pain in the Apple.» Just this BS of a sentence already has 2 lies in it. Which shows how much you know what you’re talking about. 08/28/2015 Hussain Reply IPhons are very costly comparing with android phons with same features 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply ya 08/31/2015 Mark Edwards Reply I like Android though but it seems like iPhone is much more reliable and good quality when it comes to their phones. This site shows the majority: https://ninki.co/android-vs-iphone 09/03/2015 Bent Reply Sorry, but that’s it? Honestly, these are more like 15 reasons why an iPhone user should switch to android as soon as possible. Most testify to the fact that Apple product users are chained together under the apple tree, sustaining themselves on apples only. On top of that they are forced to watch android user eat happily from all the trees in the garden, even apples trees, even inventing fruits of their own. 01/25/2016 Real mofo Reply Your clearly insane 09/03/2015 Lodosa Reply Ja wybrałbym androida: http://logoff.pl/ios/wybralbym-androida-a-nie-ponownie-iphone/ 09/03/2015 GoToHell Reply One of the worst article I ever read. And childish comparison . 09/16/2015 Srikanth Reply I can say something here because I own and use both iPhone 6 Plus and a Samusng Galaxy S6 edge equally everyday. So I think I am in a position to give a fair judgement …or at least decide what works better for me. I have changed over from iPhone as my default device to S6 edge and back to iPhone few times. But I find myself using iPhone 6 Plus more often than S6 Edge…because of these reasons 1. Smartphone is smart because of quality apps. I always found iOS apps looking neater, working smoother and more consistent compared to Android Apps. Just to quote an example…Adobe acrobat reader which i made default app to open PDF files….is not able to open files since last two days all of a sudden and reporting error. Everything is updated but still doesn’t work somehow. But works fine with iOS. 2. Screen of iPhone is marginally inferior to my S6 edge which is stunning. But I don’t hold them near my nose and try noticing pixels. From a practical point of view iPhone screen is absolutely fine. 3. In spite of inferior hardware specs on paper, I can’t deny iPhone user interface is more fluid and smooth. Thats what makes the experience more pleasant for me. 4. iPhone 6s is already launched…I am not upgrading. But know what? Last night iOS9 update was available to my phone. I have already updated to same. Isn’t that amazing? I can’t help comparing my Galaxy note 4, my near stock android Motorola droid turbo.. etc..which haven’t received even 5.1.1 Lollipop when Android Marshmallow is about to be launched in a month. Sad. This alone is enough for me to stick to iPhone as my default device. 5. I havent noticed parallels for some Apps in Android (Drafts, Soulver etc). Which I learnt to use often and liked. I am a fan of some automation apps like Tasker on android which doesnt have an iOS equivalent. But as of now my use of same is less. 6. I guess iOS is bit more secure compared to android against virus attacks and hacking. it IS something important to me in this era of mobile banking and when we keep so much data on Google drive and One Note etc. and hey…Google has made most of its apps available to iOS. I agree my S6 edge is superior in Camera department and pictures look very good. Also usage of widgets is better in android. But after using both OS since last 3-4 years, I am sticking with iPhone as my default and S6 edge for miscellany and photos. This is what works for me. I know others have other reasons to stick to any one OS. I have best of both worlds now but can’t help saying one is better than other at present. 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply Updates are an invalid point, because the newest version of iOS isn’t as good as a 2 three year old version of Android 12/02/2015 Srikantha Krishna Reply I don’t agree with you there. Updates are important. They optimise the software, remove bugs and important to plug security issues. Of course Google releases them but only nexus customers get it. Other manufacturers don’t release it in time. Tell me now how many handsets are going to get Marshmallow and when???? 04/25/2016 Sally Fallis Reply So which is less complicated for the over-50 me who is good with words but not pictures? I had to ask a young person what all those little dots and waves, etc., meant on my Ipod Touch. I really miss words, but I realize I am alone in that. Is a Samsung any easier to navigate for (duhhh…) me? 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply If you are over 50 you should definitely stick with Apple 1. it is extremely easy to use 2. you can do many tasks without even doing anything, but simply telling your phone to wake you up at 5am, or to remind you to take your pills when you get home 3. you can change the text size and icon size to accommodate your eye-sight 4. you can ask any teenager to help you organize the icons into more intuitive way Microsoft Windows phones are rich on words, but while it would satisfy your need for everything being written – the phone will be difficult to use, and will still contain many icons. So, go with Apple, even an older 16GB model, will still be fully supported, and will work perfectly well, do not get 64GB version, you wont need all that memory. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply but apple is expensive 08/25/2016 ermm Reply with android it is much easier to use… you can tell your phone to set and alarm….you can change the text size 10/15/2015 Andras Reply I´ve been an iPhone user for 2 years, recently I bought an Android phone to verify if really Android is superior… After 2 months of testing it, I sell the Android and bought an iPhone 6… This do not prove that iPhone is better, but for my needs, iPhone is totally superior… Android is good, everything is cheap but is not an stable OS… Yes you can have all personalize, but for what? I´m not a teenager anymore so whats the point to have all personalized and change it every week? By the way the output of the sound of the iPhone is really more superior than the output of any Android phone With an iPhone (in music business) is way better you can control lights, console really simple with iPhone and all tech for music is much more easy to sync and to handled on an iPhone… Music business in a MAC is much much easier I love iPhone and I would not change it anymore Like I said I´m not saying iPhone is better for everyone but for my needs yes it is 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply Wow! You’re actually dumber than every other I sheep here. IPhone has good sound? Better than any Android? Hahahahahahaha! Have you even seen an HTC One phone? Best speakers and any phone! Ever. IPhone speaker is tinny garbage. The S6 even has the same placement, but sounds much better. Seriously, Google HTC One m8 or m9. Cm8 literally got the top phone of 2014, and everyone mention how good the speakers work. I also got first place cuz it was vastly superior to any iPhone. Better software, better design, better screen, etc 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply And please specify what Android phone it was. Otherwise I’ll assume you’re lying because there are so many and you can’t name one. Or you got a cheaper old one. Android high end phones are very stable. Look it up. They’re way more stable than iOS 10/17/2015 Tushar Reply Why r u only talking about iphone 6plus,which is much costlier than androide same feature phones, there are some other iphones had launched by apple like iPhone5, 5s,5c i compare this phones whith 20000 rs android phones where battery of iphones so worst and camera and no memory slot, nevertheless this iphones have more cost than android phones. 10/19/2015 Lu Reply LOL you will not get confused using a LIGHTNING cable? are you kidding me????????? Does this mean that it is designed for dumb people who constantly flip the usb port? is this the main reason! why apple cant for some reason jussssssssssssssssst go with the flowwwwwwwwwwwwwww and use a normal USB port that makes it easier for all humans in the world to share chargers? Dude, i use both systems and i can point out one thing better that most people usually ignore, my Father is blind, he uses an iPhone because tbh the Voice-over mode for iPhone is the best ive seen and used so far. Nothing much..im still happier with an Android. 10/25/2015 floyd Reply There’s no Denying android ports are a p.i.t.a. 11/04/2015 The Truth Reply Lol i laughed my ass off as soon as they said “quick updates” and it showed a 904mb update. Its like we intentionally left out carrier costs, the limited gb storage that iphones have And dont even get me started on “no company bundled apps”. Do you know how much tracking, data mining even occurs with an iphone? Fingerprint bypass? Are u srs? The iphone is for the general public who doesnt know any better just following ignorantly what is popular culture. Android = Professional industry Iphone= uneducated general public facade 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply yeah, tell that to all my banker friends who make millions and choose Apple to be the secure choice for the data exchange and storage, go “personalize” your phone, show them all how individual you are, myspace was definitely better than stupid facebook where you cannot “personalize,” so ignorant right? 11/14/2015 GET REAL Reply A PHONE IS A PHONE 12/09/2015 I phones all the way Reply Umm androids suck, I phones are more high tech and aren’t as slow 12/15/2015 jj Reply Android…LOL, joke. 12/26/2015 juststephen250 Reply Are you Sirious? Android is still better. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply omg im dieing of laughter 12/28/2015 seblabombe Reply Iphone is better for their OS. That’s it. Fine tuned OS for THEIR phone. NOT AN OS FOR MANY PHONES!!! 01/08/2016 Bob Proctor Reply I use an iPhone. Everyone I know in business uses an iPhone. Everyone I know that has money, taste and style uses an iPhone. All the successful people I know use an iPhone. The only credible alternative in business to an iPhone would be a BlackBerry running BB10. Android devices are for the unemployed and vagrants. Thankfully I don’t know anyone with an Android phone. I don’t want to either! Please only contact me if you use an iPhone and have a job / home. I don’t want be associated with anyone that uses an Android. It would make me look bad. Thanks. 03/03/2016 Jack Reply The fact that u say “Android devices are for the unemployed and vagrants”, just ticks me off. You are what I like to call a dumb ass like every kid I know. You only choose an Iphone because every one else has an Iphone, if not you would of picked android and said Iphones suck, you also don’t even know how technology works bitch, so I would not be talking because there are far more android devices with better specs, and fyi i’m a kid obviously i’m not employed. 04/22/2016 Derp Reply Well then maybe you didnt know what a high end android phone is.. Poor you. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply This post is what makes you look bad. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply Also, aside from your arrogance making you look bad, you have got to be kidding about BlackBerry. I carried the Z10 now carry the Passport with BB10. I only have it because my company prefers BB’s security. But as far as fuctionality, it’s like working with bear skins and stone knives compared to iPhone or Android. The lack of apps and limited integration with other devices is stifling. That’s why I carry a separate personal phone. It’s also why BB is abandoning BB10 and switching to an Android platform. So are you going to cast off your somewhat acceptable friends who carry BlackBerry when their platform becomes Android? They better run out and get an iPhone when that happens so they can still be honored to be deemed worthy of your friendship. 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply 1. Android they switch to is FULLY custom and has all google services BLOCKED 2. This is the reason why companies are abandoning BlackBerry due to high maintenance costs and instead make private applications for iPhones which you can only download using a special code, a secure application within a secure platform, cheaper to maintain, more convenient for an employee to use. I completely agree with Bob, Androids are for 12 year olds and vagrants, the paper specs of Androids (factually and historically) are not an indicator of how they perform. And the fact that you think that you are smarter than a mass of hard working high ranking professionals, and that you need to show them all how “individual” you are by always “personalizing” your phone – just shows you are a fool and have nothing to do but to play with yourself on your phone like a kid, I bet you are one of those people who thinks wearing a watch is stupid and unmanly because you have a clock on your phone. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply ur insulting me cos im twelve so dont try piggy 01/17/2016 Grace Reply I use an iPhone, but custom built my own PC. I don’t like Android phones (had a Samsung galaxy for a year before switching back) but I also don’t like Apple computers. Honestly? What people buy is a matter of taste. I will never understand this “MUH PHONE IS SUPERIOR!!1” nonsense. Get over it. People like what they like. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply id +1 u if this was google plus 01/22/2016 nitya Reply Iphone is just for style for big people.because a middle class man not even can think of that paying 40 to 60k..in that u can’t share,send..if u want I phone u should purchase separately computer for that….what is the use…its better to go for android mobile in 10k..u can get every thing without the computer for small things……if apple things of the people then bring the mobile in there software with all support in 10k budget….then we will come to know which is better….. 01/27/2016 Ricky Reply I would like to reply to BoB really….. I have not one but four cars I own my home five college educated children my wife earns more than me I have a desktop Imac Ipad a Ipod beats wireless ear phones and my wife and I use a Samsung Note 5 and I am not unemployed and yes I could have purchased a Iphone had Iphones in the past but prefer the android phone. Grow up it is a matter of preference stop b n a snub… By the way all my children have either device and yes they are all employed also my BMW can connect to either device……. 04/06/2016 Rocky Reply haha that was really tight slap…. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply … u rich boi? 03/17/2016 Shirleyklineberger Reply 340=12m­­­­­­­­­y neigh­­­­­­­­­bor’s ex-w­­­­­­­­­ife make­­­­­­­­­s $83 /h­­­­­­­­­our o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­he int­­­­­­­­­ernet . Sh­­­­­­­­­e ha­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­een unemplo­­­­­­­­­yed f­­­­­­­­­or 7 mont­­­­­­­­­hs bu­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­ast mon­­­­­­­­­th he­­­­­­­­­r pa­­­­­­­­­ycheck wa­­­­­­­­­s $18929 j­­­­­­­­­ust wo­­­­­­­­­rking o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hou­­­­­­­­­rs. fi­­­­­­­­­nd ou­­­­­­­­­t he­­­­­­­­­re…. See More 03/19/2016 Jimmy Justice Reply Jack you are an idiot and a loser! I have an iphone and I hate it! I can’t wait to get the LG G5! And I wouldn’t want to have a lousy friend like you ! MORON! LOSER! 03/23/2016 sheel r shah Reply This article is so immature and stupid. Seriously, apps look better? You couldn’t even come up with a better reason?? I can literally break this article point by point. I would just like to say one thing though as a rebuttal, A NEXUS too receives the ota updates. An iPhone 64gb on contract costs almost the same as a carrier free nexus. I am a galaxy s7 user and the screen quality is maybe 2 generations over the iphone. As for the notifications, I prefer android’s iteration way more than apples. And about the cables, except the s7, all flagships use USB type c Samsung compensates with wireless charging. The battery life on a nexus or an s7 edge is way superior than the iPhone. And hangout video quality is as good as facetious. Also I like the fact that you don’t need to get out of hangouts to make a video call. In iphone you can usee iMessage but then to make a video call you need to get out and go to facetime. I get to play with manual controls on my camera which iphone doesn’t permit. I can literally go all day long about this. Just one actual good point about iphone you could have mentioned instead of the trash is that it has a stronger graphic processor that but by a small margin. 03/23/2016 sheel r shah Reply One more thing. You mentioned sharing. Do you feel ashamed that you cannot share media via Bluetooth?? The most basic mode of sharing? Talking about airdrop please use wifi direct once. Or nfc sharing. 03/28/2016 Stanata Reply Basically what this article is saying is: “use iPhone instead of Android – it’s more easy to use if you’re an idiot!”… lol There isn’t even one reason of those in the article that is 100% true… and almost all of them are complete crap! I mean come on – even monkey can plug MicroUSB and it is “a must” standard in Europa for instance anyway. Let alone that the future is in the wireless charging… And who today is NOT using Viber or WhatsApp? Who needs another messenger? I can continue, but don’t see point in that – the articles like this is obviously paid one. But sooner or later it will be clear at the end – the open environment will always be above the close one, because it is more close to the people! Cheers! 03/29/2016 Dark Penguin Reply I’m not sure I get why the headphones are supposed to be a distinctive selling point. My GS5 came with headphones that offer the same control options. They didn’t last, because we have cats, but that’s beside the point. 03/31/2016 SHERIF SHARMY Reply A few years ago my wife bought me an iPhone after I discarded my Symbian phone. Anyway I started to use this and found out in dismay that I have to have all products to live . Windows used to crash if I connect my iPhone…….it does not like it. Couldn’t do anything without iTunes. Can’t see anything on the phone while connected to Windows except photo. Couldn’t copy my videos at all. Then the account with and once you are inside the prisoners you are under arrest until proven innocent. Luckily the Sony Z1 appeared and decided to get one. In two days I found life with this phone by far easier than that silly apple I was using……..I just gave to a friend without asking for any cash. Good riddance….. I got rid of it at last and never again……….. is crop. 04/03/2016 Fernando Reply This article is an embarrassment to ZDNet. 04/04/2016 Wandacspector Reply Really…!m­­­­­­­­­y bu­­­­­­­­­ddy’s st­­­­­­­­­ep-mot­­­­­­­­­her mak­­­­­­­­­es $74 a­­­­­­­­­n hou­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inter­­­­­­­­­net . Sh­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­as bee­­­­­­­­­n unem­­­­­­­­­ployed fo­­­­­­­­­r 8 mo­­­­­­­­­nths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st m­­­­­­­­­onth h­­­­­­­­­er pa­­­­­­­­­y chec­­­­­­­­­k wa­­­­­­­­­s $15118 ju­­­­­­­­­st wo­­­­­­­­­rking o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hou­­­­­­­­­rs. re­­­­­­­­­ad thi­­­­­­­­­s art­­­­­­­­­icle… See More 04/10/2016 Veronica Reply !!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 Nick Reply Apple: garbage Android: amazing There are ZERO good equalizer apps on iOS, the frequent updates take up all your storage, music quality is horrible, the cameras are never good, I’ve taken better looking photos off a moto G, battery lasts nowhere near as long as an androids and takes much longer to charge, android can turn on instantly whereas an iOS device takes like half an hour to turn on if it’s died, an iPhone will shatter if you throw it at a brick wall, an android will bounce back at you, apple devices cost less than $50 to manufacture, you get charged $1000 for a closed source pile of shit, you might as well go burn a $1000 08/02/2016 Michelle Linn Reply I’m in my 50’s and I have an Android. It’s a Huawei, nice BIG screen I guess they call a Phablet. My younger son has an iPhone 6 plus. I decided to try an iPhone 5s just to see what it’s like. I have 30 days to check it out. So far, the ONLY thing see is the slow motion camera that’s cool and maybe some cuter emogies …I think they’re called. Otherwise….. I’m so far not impressed. My Huawei Android is 16g the iPhone 5s is 16g. The Huawei was I think $200 and the 5s $160 with its VERY tiny screen. My son has a 6 plus and 64g and that would cost me $650 or maybe it’s $650 for the6 plus 16g. Anyway…. Lots MORE MONEY. I guess if you have a lot of music… It’s better but I just have Lots of pictures. I like my sd card for these. I don’t know all the techy stuff and I don’t do Twitter or FaceTime or sharing pics except Facebook and text. I thought maybe some apps would be cooler but so far… I’m not impressed with the iPhone at all. Just my opinion. 04/12/2016 D Dawg Reply smoke weed everyday 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 04/19/2016 J Corn Reply I knew this article was a joke when his very first reason is “Snapchat looks prettier on iPhone”. And you’re listing reasons why apple is different, not better. 04/21/2016 Anujay Singh Reply Apple optimises the iPhone’s hardware and software. The iOS Is custom built for and iPhone but the android softwares are not built for any particular device or hardware so optimisation is nog as good as in an Apple device. It not about specs the camera which shas more megapixels cannot alone deliver better pictures , a processor with more cores and greater clock speed can not alone give better performence until it utilises the most of it. So as Apple builds it products to its own requirements and deliver better products than android phones. An iPhone has better quality of internals as well as the body and feels premium than its competitors so that’s why an iPhone is an iPhone. 04/26/2016 De'Zsa Smith Reply Currently on my iPhone 6s+, sobbing as I type this. I’ve just got through longingly browsing Google’s Playstore, seeing all the recent updates of my favorite apps and hidden gems that the Apple Store just cannot compete with. Android has some seriously dedicated developers, and I’ve always admired them and even began looking into Android app development. That is… Until I switched over to iPhone several months ago after being a dedicated Android user. I will always be Team Android, hands down. I had a rooted Nexus 5, which means I’m all about customizability, design, testing, flexibility, and freedom. Then I decided I wanted to try something new—FaceTime, great camera, updated social apps like snapchat…you know, the basics. Biggest. Mistake. Ever. Switching over to Apple feels like I’m using a flip phone. Now I’m trying to decide if I should just switch back, or keep this iPhone as a means of communication (don’t know if I’m willing to give up FaceTime with family and friends) and have an Android for all the things I miss. 04/27/2016 weez Reply I just giggle at these articles. Ok Iphone kids, my phone has a webhost, tftp server, a windows deploy share with every iteration of windows going back to w2000, an SMB client, FTP client and host, Tftp server, wi-fi signal scanner, packet sniffer(nmap), a high frequency oscilloscope, a bluetooth HID remote that controls anything bluetooth, a linux/android debugger, point of sale and inventory tracking software(apple has it too but not complete on the phone), and at will I can change my MAC and spoof other phone’s IDs. My phone is a half decade old S2. So I guess if you plan on propping up a desk buy an Iphone, for everyone else that has work to do either grab a toolkit full of different things or just grab your android phone. 04/28/2016 Ken McDowell (@morpheusxp) Reply I don’t understand why it is all Android users say that iPhone users are sheep and that they use an iPhone because everyone else uses an iPhone. The iPhone has less than 20% market share world wide. That means less than 1 in 5 smartphone users have an iPhone. It seems to me going with the herd is more of an Android thing than an iOS thing. Just saying… 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply I think it is more because a lot of iPhone users seem cultic. I honestly think iPhone is a high quality product. But I really like high end Androids as well. However, I know people who use only Apple products and make little comments here and there about how inferior ALL Androids are. In that way I think they are like sheep because they have bought into this notion that their are no good Androids and they are operating on a higher plan than non-iPhone users. 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Agreed. Probably because in the beginning people lined up outside of stores to get the latest and greatest iphone. It’s great hardware, but I can’t get used to a single button. Plus iphones seem to have a higher resale value. I don’t know. I do like how apple updates their devices in a timely manner and no bloatware, etc. I think Android is getting there, but unless it’s a nexus, updates are all over the place. I want the screen of a Samsung, build of an HTC with the battery life of my droid turbo, a headphone jack at the bottom of the phone instead of the top and I would be in heaven. Plus everyone I know say is that a Galaxy? So people in my area associate anything android as a Galaxy. Great marketing by Sammy, but perception becomes reality sometimes. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply Meant to say plane, not plan. ☺ 04/28/2016 Joe Reply iphone has nothing on android. They have a good camera but that is about it. isheep all butthurt because android is taking over the world. 04/30/2016 qwertypop13 Reply So far all my favourite android apps were not available on ios, plus a lot of apps are a minimum of 10 cent cheaper on gpl than on apple app store. I also find it totally ridiculous that iphones need to be jailbroken to undergo any form of customization. Plus who wants fast updates at the expense of severe bugs, them slowing down stuff even more and getting a crappy operating system that hasnt changed since 5 years. Iphones are for people that only use their phones to txt and make calls. ps. I have a $20 alcatel phone and wouldnt ever trade it for an iphone. Buy what you like, but the points on this website are the worst I have ever seen. As far as I know you cant even use iphones to transfer files other than audio and photos to and from macs/pc’s. Apple phones are overpriced by like $500 dollars just because they have a flashy logo which they stole from the beatles. 05/05/2016 anthony Reply I love my android devices. Have I had problems. Yes. More than my wife’s iphone? Definitely. But I tinker with it a lot more than her iphone. I transfer files back and forth from a computer a lot easier with my device. Yes using third party apps but it’s still easier. I have all my music in google play, but use itunes (whole family uses ipods) so I just sync up that to google music and playlists as well. Each device has it’s pros and cons. I have used a rooted tablet to get pure android (didn’t like it) and have an ipad 2 which I love. It’s about choice and I like that we have it. Two points I agree with the author about: Timely updates and bloatware. HTC is bucking the trend to stay afloat by addressing this. Wireless charging is not worth it yet. I much prefer quick charging and new devices starting to roll out with usb-c. 05/07/2016 C Reply The article and ensuing comments are a joke. This is what The internet has come to now days. Let me be clear, I have years and years of experience with Android, IOS, Windows & Linux. I have every certification and more hours logged on to these then most of you. Now that we have established my far superior ability to actually comment here goes. First of all, the people on this blog and on others like it simply cannot help the fact that more people love iphone than android, period. So they make nasty little comments because they are frustrated that in reality they couldnt influence people in high school and they aren’t able to now. Second the android users who get angry at Apple users simply appear to only be mad because they don’t have an iphone them selves. Guys! Really! Let me be clear I have Windows and android and iOS. Iphone for the nomal every day user is PERFECT! Let them be! The android is perfect for more shady people who want to be power users an anarchists or some how feel like they are breaking the law or the rules. That is how android feels and that’s the base line of the os. I currently have an android because I can be one of those more shady people who like to go against the grain. But I don’t like android. Who the he’ll wants to root a phone? Who wants to spend hours on doing something? Not I! It takes me 10 minutes to jail break an Apple as and BAM I’m a super users with a linux based system and am sitting with a very powerful device! They all being said I have an android bc of expandable memory, an IR blaster, and a few other small features. When Apple steps up the game with these I will switch to Apple. Here is one reason why. What is a smart device? It is an item created to make your life as a human eaiser. Apple does that by leaps and bounds! The phone thinks of you like a loyal old dog and wants to do nothing more than serve your every whim. I can tell you the iphone holds up better, know why? Ever had to fix your mom or dads PC? And you think to your self wth are they doing with this thing. We never hear that issue out of iphone. So really is a beast just for that reason alone simply bc the general population can break them by doing stupid stuff. Now on to adress some other stupid comments for people who pretend they are SO smart. Windows is better than a Mac ios! Hum WRONG! Know why? Windows is a dos based crap system with a gui created for the average consumer to use a device. It’s not a damn computer it’s a pretty device to help you numb skulls use paint and word or get on the internet. What is my point now!! Oh yet MAC IOS is FAR superior at least for anyone who actually knows how to use Linux which by the way was and still is the base os on which all other smart software was and still is created. So you pretty little Windows fanboy users, please get a grip because until you stop drooling over your poster size photo of Bill gates and actually learn Linux you know nothing about computing. The really dumb person who commented about Honda’s vs Chevys! Hahaha seriously though? You also probably know nothing right? Honda and GM use the exact same part manufactures which in turn makes both cars CRAP! Research before you comment. Go get what ever phone you want and fanboys of each need to get a grip! 05/29/2016 C Reply Just to clarify a few things for the “people who pretend they re SO smart” Windows has been detached from DOS since windows 2000, It maintains compatibility by running an DOS virtual machine on the NT Kernel. Not all systems are based on Linux, Linux is based on Unix, Mac OS (and IOS) is largely based on BSD which is a variant of UNIX, The Windows Micro-kernel is also partly based on UNIX. For someone who has “years and years of experience with Android, IOS, Windows & Linux.” and “every certification and more hours logged on to these then most of you” you are spreading a lot of misinformation. I personally own all apple products, but have and still use the other platforms, They all have their advantages and downfalls. And although I use a Mac, Ipad and Iphone predominantly I still have moments of frustration when I miss windows, android and linux for one reason or another. 05/29/2016 CC Reply Not the same “C” as above btw 05/18/2016 Nikhil Bansal Reply Great Information. Thank you for sharing it. 05/23/2016 00 Reply i love apple never go to samsung they suck 05/23/2016 Andrapple Reply You’re All Phaat And Stoopid! 05/24/2016 nic Reply apple is just better in very way …. battery , faster processor , better sound quality , the most clear screen and best off is security . just being honest . Samsung along with android are pure rubbish ….!!!!!! I have had android and thanks GOD that I changed cause I realised what is not worth it ……. apple is also better quality you now how it is cause if you drop the phone and the screen cracks that’s actually means its glass where android and sunsung is plastic and ya they look glass I guarantee its a platic/glass . it doesn’t matter if you think android is better because soon Samsung will die out and another android company will take there place then thrive and then fail just like all android companies where as apple is only apple they are actually unique thank goodness there’s at least one cellphone company that is unique !!!. sorry android and Samsung but soon your time will come to a end as no android company will last because they all the same……!!!!!!!! apple you WILL THRIVE AND WILL ALWAYS BE NUMBER 1 !!!!!!!!!!! apple is better and you now it and to all those that don’t now Samsung is 40% down in a lot of countries where apple is only 8% if its that high so enjoy android while its still there ….. just saying thanks for reading my own personal thought as I have had them all…….. 05/25/2016 homepc91 Reply 1. Apple means Awesome….Apple means Cool……Apple means best and good product in your hand…Apple means….Eco-Friendly…..Apple means innovation. 2. Android and Microsoft is copy of Apple 3. Android is copy of Apple iPhone and iOS 4. Microsoft is copy of Apple Mac OS X 5. Apple and Apple Products is much better and Eco-Friendly 6. Apple is always awesome in today…and coming future 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply …not really 05/26/2016 Kenan Reply Someome compiled a 100 reasons why android is better that iOS TAKE THAT! 05/26/2016 Ramsey Reply What most of us care about is specs, you can have a 6gb ram on android and have the snapdragon 820. But when it comes to the games the android will never be smooth as Apple or faster the performance in apple will always be better. But android will only have a bit better graphics because of its amoled technology 06/02/2016 Jacob Reply If you wanted to make this a fair comparison you’d compare it against Vanilla Android so it’d be the Nexus 6p and immediately your points about bloatware and cable become invalid. Also, how can you say apple doesn’t come with bloatware? Have you tried removing the stocks app recently? What about file sharing, have you never heard of Android Beam? Or the fact almost every flagship has a fingerprint scanner now? This is the most poorly written, one sided piece of crap I’ve seen in a long time. How do you even have a job? P.s. I own a Nexus 6p for private use and iPhone 6s Plus for work and they’re pretty much equal in every way except for the Nexus having a better screen, free apps, faster charging and longer battery life. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply +1 lol 06/03/2016 alpharidley9098 Reply This article made me laugh pretty hard. I just love the reasons they give for the phone being better. Now 1 thing that is always MORE important than ALL of these is the actual phone. Also, those apps that come with the phone, it depends on what you are getting… Also, you do know apple is making a switch to MicroUSB right? Humph. Seems like just in this 1 paragraph I have already made better points than this article. Anyways, phone-wise, androids are almost always more powerful than an apple phone because of the fact that iPhones are never equip with a good core or a good amount of RAM. They slow down quite quickly and seem obsolete after a few months. Yes. Months. I have had my Moto G3 for awhile and it is still ultra fast and has no technical issues. 06/03/2016 Jens Lipponer Reply problem with iphones is that u need itunes etc.. and too many permissions. I like to just plug in and drag and drop files…. I don’t give a monkey’s behind whether apps look better or what not. let’s be honest, price wise the iphone is beaten every time. there is just no bang for buck. I laugh at people who buy these things for the show off appeal as I know they are getting ripped in a rather large way……… 06/08/2016 Mohamed Faizul Reply I used android for 7 years this is my first iphone 5s bought two years back From the day i bought this iphone till now regularly i m browsing in website that why iphone is better than android, why iphone is better than android,why iphone is better than android,why iphone is better than android but while using android i m much okay with everything…. iPhone is simple best for call ,messaging ,camera with instant speed though its two year old device … But not more than that In android its like sea u can do lot lot more than iphone but not as quality standard reliability fast easy as iphone . 06/09/2016 Ryan Reply Has anyone thought that maybe iPhone is more simple than Android simply because the staff aren’t smart enough to produce anything more complicated than simple? It seems obvious to me. At least Android screens don’t break when you drop the phone on carpet like iPhone’s do. There’s Applecare because the iPhones break like a window hit by a baseball because the whole phone is either thin aluminum or covered in glass (which is a hazard if the glass shards cut you and potentially make you bleed out). The aluminum iPhone’s are currently being made of bend in your pocket! They’ll need some high quality flexible glass and easily bent straight CPU (without anything on the inside being destroyed). By the way, for the vibration thing on Android you don’t have to input password or anything just click the power button and hold down the turn down volume button for a second or two and that’s it. 06/10/2016 Shaggy C Reply So your reasoning is half “It’s popular” and most the other half is comparing apple features to the bad features of a multitude of android phones? The whole usb bit is quite a stretch too. You’re just another iSheep. 06/12/2016 11112222 Reply android is way better than android its an open source os which means you can customize everything literally and you can’t say that ios is better than android because snapchat looks “prettier ” what are you? 5years old girl. and apple users are like a bunch of sheeps. apple never lets you do anything without their” ok” and many other that makes an apple device less than an android one in conclusion android is better than apple 06/13/2016 useyourIQ Reply its very funny coz all of them are WRONG :D XD Please use a droid phone before you write an article about it…. XD Droid phones are better :) i have droid and an apple for my job. Apple slow, makes mistakes, bad battery, compatibility is a SH*T, this phone is a JOKE for this prize :D I am so sorry but if anyone pay for this device, get a “L” tatoo to your face :D LIKE LOOSER :D 06/15/2016 Terry Reply I’ve got a Samsung galaxy a3 2015 it’s full of bloatware and half the stuff on it is for s6 or higher I can’t remove it almost 6gb out of 16 has gone with all the preinstalled apps it taken up 10gb before I can use it why do Google feel the need to mash up my phone with apps and cap il not use I’ve never owned an iPhone and I am saving up to get one as android is just not for me any more and apple have got software and apps I have always taught android would have but they won’t pay apple to get yes Google offers services for free but 99.9 of them come with viruses and it screws up your phone as for security it’s all third party apps APPLE SEEMS TO BE THE PIONEER OF SECURITY AND SOFTWARE THAT IS SIMPLE PLUS A PHONE YOU CAN PAY WITH AND PLAY WITH JUST MY THING BUT THE PRICE PUTS ME OFF £439 as a pose to £155 but I’m still undecided 06/20/2016 Bengt Mattsson Reply The worst trap you can get into is to be dependent on Apple. 06/21/2016 Victor Clay Reply iPhones made a big impact, but now they don’t know what to come up with next. It’s sad because Apple prides itself with innovation but releases the same type of phone every year. The only good use for iPhones is this now: http://www.bedbathandbeyond.tv/Home-Kitchen/Will-it-Blend-iPhone-SE/6667598–66090423 06/24/2016 Manash Reply People who don’t get hold of an iOS device are the ones complaining about them. For people who say iPhone is not worth it is because you can’t afford it. 06/28/2016 Adam Reply Many times i’ve seen android users commented about iphone negatively in some case when it’s the iphone article they would show up and get involved on the otherhand i’ve seen a very view ios user commented the articles about android. So we may conclude lots of ……… 07/03/2016 Charlie Drac Reply I’m so late to this party, but I HAVE to comment.. I do not care what the name brand is. It could be called Android or robot or Apple or peaches or dog poo. All I care about is having a good phone that can do the most. Phones are expensive. I’m not buying a brand name. I’m looking to buy something that has everything it could possibly have if I’m going to spend that kind of money. You’re “reasons” show good things about IPhone, but are not “reasons” as to why it’s better. IPhones are good phones. People like IPhones because it’s a trend. It’s popular. That’s it. IPhones are not even close to androids. Be truthful. Androids are mini-computers. Literally. IPhone is not. You can do 100 more things with Android that you cannot do with IPhone. The That is the truth. And Apple products are a lot more expensive. Why would anyone pay more for a phone that gives you less? It boggles my mind. Android has variety. There are many, many phones, companies, styles to choose from. They even offer cheaper options that get the job done. They have an SD card slot. Why would anyone dish out $100’s more for more storage? That SD card is yours forever. For future phones or other devices. You can plug your phone into your computer and save(on the phone or SD card) anything (music, photo’s, video’s, contacts) and it’s yours. Without having to go through ITunes or anything else. Apple doesn’t own my stuff. I own it. And I can customize anything I own. There are IPhone stores for these little nick knacks. Transferring files, contacts, etc. It’s like going to a car dealership. One side has a variety of great cars. The other side has one car that is the most expensive. You see that all the other cars have a ton of features, options, colors to choose from, engines, horse power, cylinders, 2-door, 4-door, SUV’s etc. You ask “what’s so great about this lonely more expensive car tht only comes in one model and doesn’t have these other options?” The saleman replies with “Because it’s popular”. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply Yes, this! I agree 100%. 07/04/2016 Emanuel Reply No some of these staments are wrong android has a mode that will change you load out to make it simpler and look like apple cameras so much better its not even comparable iphones are rhe same every year android is some thing different like the edge and note you clearly didnt do your research i use to love iphone and thought it was the best and galaxy/android suchs but when i swiched ill never go back to an apple phone 07/05/2016 greentoe Reply http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 07/05/2016 Sam Smith Reply I just smell a whole lot of fanboying and bias. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply I’m astonished at some of the reasons listed why iPhone is supposedly better. I have two iPhones now, a 5 and a 6, that I can’t get my photos off of onto my PC laptop. I’ve gone into the Crapple store more than three times and still haven’t gotten them off. My idea of HELL is the Crapple store! I hate that place. There’s hardly room to stand and then you end up being sat at a table waiting with a bunch of other frustrated people waiting for a tech to help you. Of course this is after you make an appointment, or in my case last time, two appointments. I don’t see that as a plus at all because not only is going there a royal pain in the ass, but then they don’t even offer much help after several hours. My iPhone does not recognize as a drive when I plug it into my PC. It used to, and then stopped. I don’t want to have to use iTunes to transfer photos or music. I want to just plug it in and have it be a drive and copy whatever files I like back and forth. It does not work; and I’ve spent, literally, hours trying to get it to function that way. I also have a pretty complex DSLR camera and yet it is still easy as can be to transfer the photos from the memory card onto the computer. So why can’t a supposedly user-friendly phone just do the same thing? I seriously hate my iPhone 6 so much I wanted to shoot it, except I discovered it’s worth a good bit of money still so I’ll sell it on ebay. 07/09/2016 Joey Reply A lot of childish responses from android fans here. I gave the nexus 6p and try for 2 months after my old iPhone broke. Hardware was great, but I found on this android phone the app integration and interoperability to be no where near as good as an iPhone. Apple is just better when it comes to form and function. Buy an android if you want to tweak it forever and play in a sandbox, buy and iPhone if you need a productive phone. 07/10/2016 Colin Reply Your comment may not be childish but it is not correct. Comparable Android phones have far better form and function. Take the iPhone 6s plus verses a Note 5 or s7 Edge. The Apple is bigger and heavier yet packs has a smaller or same sized screen as the Samsung’s’ yet has far less features. Both these phones are far more productive, can multi-task properly, be fully customized and allow widgets on lock and home screens for speed, convenience and ease of use. The Note even includes a stylus or pencil. Great compact design, fully featured and greater functionality (Android) vs Heavy outdated bloated hardware with mid-range specs and limited functionality (IOS). Not to forget the limited compatibility of iPhones and lack of choice! 07/10/2016 Chris Reply There are facts, then there are opinions. 07/10/2016 Colin Reply This article is a disgrace, misleading at best. Most of the reasons are just not true or highly debatable. 07/12/2016 Benito Paul Reply congratulation all of u commented on weather iphone or android’s is the best In my point of view it may be any phone that is android or iphone. If we had a phone that should meet our requirements.Requirements means each and every people has different requirements in case of security,memory capacity and so and so. Hence apple or iphone buy any thing because all are vanity, “vanity of vanities” 07/14/2016 aileen Reply I’m someone who switched from android to ios but this article is utter bullshit. Yes, I love my iPhone and i’m so glad I switched by my samsung galaxy 4 was nothing but shit lately but these arguments in the article are dumb as hell. Lightning is better than micro usb? excuse me, what? my iphone takes ages to charge (iphone 6) whereas my s4 charged within an hour. i don’t see how that makes micro usb bad. but well my iphone battery lasts over a day and my old phone could have never. sharing location isn’t hard on android since almost everyone uses whatsapp bc imessage doesn’t exist on android and whatsapp has a location sharing option so that argument was dumb. yes, apps do look prettier on ios but i don’t see how only that would be a reason to switch?? this article clearly comes from someone who has only owned apple devices and doesn’t even know what they’re talking about, if you really want to prove a point you need to ask someone who has used BOTH of the things you’re trying to compare otverwise you’re just gonna embarass yourself. just saying. 07/20/2016 KappaPride Reply Why are you guys even arguing about this? 07/24/2016 George Reply The major advantage iOS has over Android is that Apple designs the phone and software. Whereas for Android (open source) other manufacturers have to play with it to get it to work and sometimes it’s not fluid. Take the Nexus phones for example…they just work like the iphones. No bloatware..nothing (like the iphone). Majority of my friends have iPhones and sometimes I wish I did too because of MMS (iMessage). I used both and I hate that i have to use itune for everything but it is what it is I guess. 07/24/2016 Landry Reply I’m 8 years experimented developer for iOs devices and I say that Apple releases so frequent updates because iOs is just a stone age OS to fool iOs users that Apple works seriously behind their products. It must run to compete Android OS. 07/27/2016 Aza Reply Best to have both. I have an Se and G4 best of both worlds 07/30/2016 Bob Reply So many things piss me off in this article but specifically stood out Notifications I have no idea with this author is saying he obviously hasn’t seen an android phone, they are exactly the same. Lightning vs. Micro-USB Micro-USB usually charges everything from headphones, to power banks, and of course cell phones. And multiple times to insert it is an absurd comment, after about a week you’ll probably memorize which way it goes, and how do you insert it incorrectly more than once. And USB type-C is just starting to come to the mainstream that’s why it’s not on everything. Storage Why do people even buy the 128 GB version, not to get apps but to download media like pictures, videos, music, etc. I agree with the statement about how sd cards are treated but there’s a much more simple solution, buy a larger storage option. Sharing purchased content Sign into the play store with the account that originally bought the content, install it, then sign out. Problem solved, and if anyone says “it’s more convenient” think about how often you might actually purchase something that costs actual money, I’ll bet it’s probably less than once a week. And it doesn’t take long to sign in and then back out 08/14/2016 Adso Rossi Reply I love iPhones. They always have nice designs and I like the simple interface. I have been itching to get an SE with its smaller dimensions (I like small phones). Money is not a problem to me but as much as I really want one I will stick with my Android device. Why? Cause the compatibility of iPhones to Windows pcs are real bad or none. You’d say “get a Mac” but I can’t: too many programs I need that unfortunately are only Windows-available. If this one single point of compatibility would be addressed, the iPhone becoming as compatible as Androids, I would get that iPhone SE in a heartbeat! 08/21/2016 nathanlittles plays minecraft Reply Who the hell needs iPhone I can name 100 reasons why Android is better but I’ll just name 20 1. Freedom 2. Apk 3. More sizes 4. More colours 5. Waterproof phones 6. Big and small tablets instead of the HUGE iPad 7. Clear cache option 8. For apps and also all the app store apps 9. No need for jailbreak but if you root you’re device will have no restrictions :D 10. Notification swipe 11. Google now 12. Google maps instead of the crappy apple maps 13. Multiple users feature 14. SD card storage So you don’t run out of storage easily like on the 16 gig iPhones (128GB or even 256GB) 15. Pattern unlock 16. There’s everything on Google play store even GPS spoofers to do the Pokémon go spoof in like 2 seconds 17. Unknown sources option 18. No need for an apple I’d all you need is a Google account which is way easier to set up and use 19. Get apps that are not out in your country easier (Pokémon go) 20. Android sounds better then apple 08/22/2016 Jim Reply This article made me so angry I must go punch a kitten. It’s an interesting psychological phenomenon, our emotional ties to brand loyalty. It’s as if the device we choose to use says something about who we are as people, and there is some ancient war of two types of people being waged through our genetics. Apple users are like Yankee fans, Android users are the goth kid outsiders. And the war rages on. 08/30/2016 Deleau Clément Reply Hi. Please kill yourself. Thanks 09/05/2016 Krishna Chandran Reply The guy who wrote this sounds to be a one eyes man to me….. He is fond of his iphone and may have seen some android phones, but never used any. Then he decides to write an article called iPhone vs Android and iPhone wins!!!! Good job 09/10/2016 John Ivay Reply Some of these are true but Oh God some are just so, so wrong. Like, the notifications. Android is wayyy better. You clear all at once or swipe. It combines like notifications that you can separate. It allows to interact with the notification and app without opening it and its just, way simpler and cleaner. 09/10/2016 Nigel Nderi Reply Let me settle this. Choose an iPhone if you are incompetent or are ok with a company controlling you’re phone completely. Choose an Android if you want to be able to enjoy the latest technologies and can competently manage it’s abilities without whining that it takes more than half a brain cell to use. 09/11/2016 Josh Mcduff Reply Just read all the comments and wow it’s all he said she said. I’ve had my Nexus 6p which btw one poster said it’s Google made nope huewei or whatever. Point is not the same, for about a year now and I’m now getting the iPhone 7. Are the specs pretty damn similar? Yes alot of the same features? Yes update often? Yes Nexus gets all the Android ones first like Apple. Price? Actually the 7 is less than the Nexus by about 150.00 CAD sooo that defeats the argument about price… Just saying. I love my Nexus but I’m open to changing. Ice bounced back and forth alot between Android and iOS can I say one is superior to the other? Absolutely not it all comes down to does it do what I want it to and can I afford it. 09/12/2016 Lee Reply All good and well people love free stuff but free stuff comes with a price of selling your info to the uncontrollable thirst party. iPhone also offer easy printing option than android you have to download something that will ask you to upgrade by paying just to use your printer no way! Also iPhone helps stop third party apps that try to use your phone making phone calls example if you are searching for nearest restaurant Google will show the call number to the same restaurant but when you try to call instead of calling direct the parasite apps like whatsaapp, text… And more they pop up asking you to use them making a call while they can’t function without your service they bug you each time taking away the time you spend trying to make a call. If you’re in a hurry and these app try to suggest you use it think how buggy this is. The same applies to text messages. 09/15/2016 Jada Reply Have u really owned an android? There are many many more possibilities and helpful apps that came with my galaxy s7 edge and i love it alot! So many more features and charging is so much faster and the battery life is amazing 09/15/2016 Ryan Reply You are a stupid retard Apple isn’t better than android. Apple has had to recall their product so many times because people died from the battery exploding. And with Apple every 3rd phone they stop making updates for it. Android always has updates for their products. Plus Apple owes the government 37 billion dollars Android doesn’t. The iPhone 7 that is coming out is a total ripoff. They copied Samsung. Apple has never made a crack resistance screen and a waterproof phone. Samsung is simply better. 09/17/2016 Rob Doyle Reply I completely am for people having their own opinion, that being said I disagree with the title of this article. That being said without any bias coming into play here, some of the points that the author was trying to make aren’t true or aren’t completely true. 1. “Works with all your devices”… The real title should be works better with all of your APPLE devices. The examples in the article are all apple examples. The author obviously has no experience with android or windows. 2. “Faster Updates”…. Compared to what android device? You can’t just say that Iphones get updates faster and compare that to all android phones. The way that this section was written made it sounds like the day an update is release for Android, nine of there phones get it immediately like the iPhones… this just isn’t true. If you have a nexus you get updates as they are released (just like and iPhone) There is a bunch of other examples that just show the author has no experience with android devices, I’m just going to keep this short. People will choose what they think is best for them. My issue is with the author, not the opinion. All the argument were completely based on opinion and not facts. People are going to read this and take it all as fact, instead of doing research and finding the right device for them. 09/18/2016 Jonathan Masters Reply I have both an iPhone 5 and a Galaxy S7. While there are some advantages to the iPhone, there are several reasons why I just can’t make a permanent switch. First, no home screen widgets (like my calendar and agenda). Sure, you can add something like that to the notifications screen, but that involve swiping, as opposed to right on the home screen. Second, it’s so difficult — even annoying — trying to organize files on the iPhone. On an Android, it operates exactly like a computer should (and our phones really are computers these days), with folders, subfolders, etc., so you can just copy the files to where you want them for later use. You can’t do that on an iPhone, where all of your files go to some mysterious and deep “collection” on the phone. If Apple were to add those two features, then I’d happily switch away from Android. 09/21/2016 de Coulon Thierry Reply I wanted to try an iPhone, so I got an old one. I could simply not install anything because everything on the AppStore has moved to iOS > 7. I could not bring a single file to the phone. All it would do is sync with iTunes on my Mac, but there is nothing to sync because I don’t use this Mac for everyday life. The iPhone I got did not have any smart way to save battery. The iPhone I got could not play any of my music because a) I could not upload it and b) I could not install anything that would play ogg files. The iPhone I got was heavier, thicker and less good looking than my current Sony. So OK it was an old iPhone, but 90% of what I say would be true for the latest iPhone, and at what price! If you live in the Apple world, then an iPhone is probably the logical choice. I live in the Linux world and now I know I’ll never take another look at an iPhone. 09/24/2016 Jim Washko Reply Worldwide stats – Android users 82% vs IOS users 18% There’s not enough votes to even tilt the scale towards IOS being better. Being as the story indicates Android phones are only good for 2 years that makes them more expensive. How can IOS users explain why 82% of the market would rather pay more for less?, if that were in fact true. Iphone offers less control, poor resoluion, no expandable memory and not all phones can share the same apps. Android offers all of it as well as compatible with Windows whcih is currently at 80% of the market share. This is like comparing the Yugo to Prius. Sure the Yugo is cheaper at first, but after a year of so, not so much. Iphone resale is more, but that will drop due to fewer and fewer users as they get tired of the box of crayons with only black and white as an option. when they can get the box of 64 and a sharpener 09/24/2016 Capi Reply Is this all a big joke? You keep saying “iPhone is better than Android” about ten times in the article, like a mantra we have to learn and assimilate, Am I the only one who noticed this? I have and iPad, and iMac and I used iPhone (4, 4s and 5) I am familiar with both iOS and OSX but actually I have an Android and installed Windows 10 on my iMac. OSX is a good system if you like simple and easy interfaces, I don’t really have any problem with it, is a really good system once you learn to do things that are diferent with Windows, like formating drives with Disk Utility. (And if we forget how difficult could be for some people to use drive formats like NTFS in a Mac) But iOS, thats another story, Apple manufactures iPhone and developes a OS which works perfectly with that device, which, supposedly, makes it safer. There ends all iOS and iPhone REAL advantages. There are a lot of reason to say Android is better than Android, but the main reason is that you can freely add and delete files from it. I connect my Android to my computer, I press “Windows key” + “E” and immediately I see all my drives and my Android device there, and I can drag or delete files from it. But when I connect an iPhone I have sync up files with iTunes. Why the hell people think synchronization is good? For example, I spent one week adding all my music from CDs to my iTunes library, then I synced my iPhone and… voilá, my music was there. Then my computer died, and my music adquired during years with my money was completely lost, just because I didn’t buy it to Apple. But hey, music was still on my iphone, but NO, I need a third party program, which costs money or could be a malware, just to upload my songs again to a new computer. (Of course I have all my CDs, but thats a week lost) Im simply asking you to do like me if you can, just try everything, because if I read this article (iPhone is better, iPhone is better, iPhone is better…) I have the feeling that not everyone, but many people conform with iPhone. Just for popularity, for Apple fanaticism, or just because a website is telling you to buy it with superliminal advertising. 09/26/2016 wgallagher142 Reply I actually find that android apps have become much prettier and definitely more modern than iPhone apps at this point. Twitter, Facebook, all the google apps, as well as plenty of others have better looking designs on Android now than on iPhone thanks in large part to material design! 09/27/2016 Simon Reply What a crock of misinformed shite 09/28/2016 Eugene Reply ANDROID IS BETTER Really. Devices cheaper, but they have similar power with iPhones. And it’s open-source, you can customize it all over you want. I installed CyanogenMod ROM for my Xiaomi device, and it runs faster, and i can set any proceesor mode for any time. And I can watch anime on it and play Hearthstone all the same time! Check out my cool article with android vs ios, where android is better: http://vironit.com/android-vs-ios-what-is-the-best-platform-for-mobile-development/ ANDROID IS BETTER MIC DROP 09/30/2016 Gio Reply I actually like both but there are two things that make me stick with Android phones: 1) the compatibility with Windows. I plug the phone to any pc or laptop with Windows and I can access and modify the memory and sd card just like you do with an USB flash drive. 2) probably my favourite Android feat: if I don’t like a new update for an App I just download the previous version (you can get the whole updates hystory as .apk files of virtually every single app found in Google Play on the web) and there I have my dear older version that works so much better for me. This “roll-back” possibility is just pure gold. 10/01/2016 don Reply Blackberry rules 10/03/2016 B BALL Reply F**k all of you stop writing huge ass stories and go back to 1st grade to learn your grammar and if you like android the os systems are freakin names of candy!! 10/07/2016 Scuba Turtle Reply I can do all of this with my Andriod plus a lot more that an Iphone just cannot do. 10/16/2016 Sally Fallis Reply This is for Charles Alden. If I could have 1/50th of your technical expertise I would be overjoyed. Meanwhile, I’ll just be glad I chose a Samsung. At least I got that right. 10/07/2016 Majid Reply None of these arguments accounts for any good reason to buy an iPhone except argument number 1. Android can do these equally or better. I have been a heavy android user till date until yesterday when I bought iPhone 7 plus. I own an iPad since two years. I am happy with my iPad which I use mainly for games and some handwriting. Yes I was annoyed from android. I owned s3. It had, due to some reason, a built in issue which I only realized after warranty finished. My faulty s3 obliged me to hate Samsung and android. Then I bought note 4. It solved all my problems I faced on s3. But still there were some things I did not feel good about. Now after purchasing iPhone 7plus 128 GB I understand the power of google. The three apps Google search, google maps and google drive are enough reason to close down iPhone factory from the face of earth. 10/10/2016 BM Reply Thinking to upgrade from s5. Thought for iPhone 7. But it can not do even 5 % work compared to android. My andrioid mobile automatically silents itself when I enter meetings or office. Automatic meeting mode when meeting is scheduled (only beeps) I can give my mobile to anyone to see coz I have app specific fingerprint. Only sensitive apps are protected. All other is open. These are not possible with apple except jailbreak. These are just samples. I can write journal what android can do. Speed is not important with a Ibrick which can not do anything smart. I’m not a fan of apple or Samsung. I want my work to be done and my pocket secretary to work according to my requirements. 10/10/2016 Charles Alden Reply 15 reasons why Android is better. Reason number one, you have an actual file system. Anyone who has dealt with iOS horrendous file management paradigm appreciates the ease as at which files are accessible in Android. You simply click on Open, navigate to where your files are stored, select, done. There is also never any reason to use the Share function except when sharing data with the internet. Number 2, multitasking, iOS’s multitasking absolutely sucks, especially when you compare it to Android. Example, I can stream a film to my TV wirelessly, while compiling an application via a remote terminal, while downloading a 40GB file directly to my NAS drive which is mounted as a local folder, while I convert a media file to .mp4, while I play N64, 007 Goldfinger using a replica N64 USB game controller. I’m able to select my own default apps, so when I download a file and click open, the app that I normally use for that extension opens up automatically. I have a global search function, which is one of the worst things about iOS, how do you find files. That was rhetoric, you can’t, it’s basically hunt and peck. I can customize voice commands, this is perhaps one of the coolest things about about Android. I have around 250 custom voice commands, mostly for searching files. Such as, “show me all file [file extension] created on [date]. Even photos, show me all photos from [city] on [particular date/month, years], even for a particular person , “show me all photos for [name] on [particular date/month, year]” External display support, when am connect my phone to a monitor not only is the resolution fully supported but so is the aspect ratio. Mouse support, while connected to a monitor I can use a mouse and a keyboard. Even when not connected to a phone, having access to a mouse is an absolute must when using a tablet as a laptop. USB peripheral support, so besides mouse support, my phone supports a TB external HD, HP All-In-One printer in which the scanner even works, USB replica game controllers in which a have one for the N64, SNES, Sega and PlayStation. Better overall specs, I have a 2K AMOLED display, 6GB of RAM, USB C, SD Card reader, HDMI out support, etc. I can use a custom desktop LDPI, I changed my LDPI to 380 which is the LDPI that activates tablet mode, which means all of my apps are a lot more powerful than the normal phone UI ones. I can customize my entire system to what I want it to be, give it personality, iOS users have been using the same system UI for the last 9 years. There is absolutely nothing I can’t customize. Inner app communication is a lot better, since iOS has a Walled off prison, or so called Walled Garden, apps communicate via API’s, which is the root of everything wrong within iOS. Anyway as stated above, I don’t have to use some half assed sharing function which creates a copy of the file your sharing every time you use it to open up my files within multiple apps, I simply click on Open. I can even open up the same file within multiple apps at the same time. I never, ever have to create more than one file, I just use the original file, always. I can use Linux under a Chroot, meaning I have a full Debian server running under my phone. Why would you want this, well first of all I have CLI applications like; Python, Perl, PHP, MySQL, Apache, etc. I have all of my favorite Linux GUI applications installed like; Dia, Inkscape, Gimp, BlueFish, etc. I can use my phone as a desktop computer, this one might sound weird but not only is it possible, it works incredibly well. Especially when my phone has 6GB of RAM and a Qualcomm 821. Like I said above I have all of my favorite Linux GUI applications installed in which a bring them up using a xterminal, when I’m at work I have access to about a hundred different Windows applications via a Citrix client which works fantastically. All of my applications including the ndroid ones are opened up in individual windows, so none of that dual app view non-sense. In which in iOS less than 0.5% out of a million plus apps actually support. I have access to widgets, they might not interest you but they are extremely handy. I can use wireless chargers. I can use custom ROMs, even completely different OS’s like Ubuntu Touch, SailFish, etc. I will never, ever not be able to run the latest version of Android. When a manufacturer stops updating their phone, no problem, I just install a custom ROM and they work fantastically. My phone is a computer, a real powerhouse, a real smartphone. Every time I use an iPhone I absolutely hate the experience. I mean even to type a post like this I would have to use a text editor as I would be afraid to loose all of my work as anytime you switch to another app, Safari just resets. It has happened to me numerous times, it’s why sites have started saving drafts, not for the Android users but iOS users. Though what bothers me the most is the lack of multitasking, yes, sure, there are a few apps that can run in the background but they are far and few and none of them are the ones that I need or want to use. Than there is the file system or I should say lack of, dealing with files IOS is simply a complete nightmare. Anytime someone at the office who uses an iPhone gets sassy with me about having an Android phone I simply ask them to show me their user directory, what, you can’t mount it, why not, your phone is so great. Not only do I have my remote server directly mounted as a local directory on my phone but my workstation and all of my cloud services as well, all accessible within any app installed. Again, my phone is also my desktop computer and why not, it’s not only powerful enough but more than capable. I couldn’t believe how horrible the external display support was on my iPad Pro, which I recently replaced with a Lenovo YogaBook, best decision I ever made. Talk about a complete makeover on how I work, I’m actually productive now. I can create detailed reports, all in the background and automatically, I have access to a scripting language, automation, multi-user support with OpenID to access my firms internal network, a real Office suite, MS Office for iOS was a complete joke, there isn’t even a import feature, scripting language, nope, database support, nope, by the way, I have the Android version. Which opens up every app under their own window, iOS’s dual app support on the iPad Pro was a joke, hardly anything supports it and that drag and drop feature, only apps designed by the same developer can use it, so MS Word to MS Excel yes, MS Word to Apple photos, no, useless. Yes, my post is huge, but this authors best 15 reasons why the iPhone is a joke. Almost everything listed I have on either my Yoga Book or new Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus or don’t need it as it’s a waste. In fact 90% of the so called new features in iOS 10 are useless. I held on to my iPad Pro thinking iOS 10 would be a game changer, not only was it not, but there wasn’t a single feature that improved my experience. Apple keeps skipping over every feature that we actually want, need. If your happy with multitasking, file management, the fact that you can’t select your own default apps, lack of customizations, horrible external display support, lack of USB C, limited NFC, horrible USB peripheral support, especially mouse support. Horrible inner app communication including the Sharing function in which took Apple 8 years to even release that crap, ugh, the list just goes on and on and …………. 10/11/2016 Gigi Reply This is one of the most biased articles I have ever read on complementing Apple. I am an adult, I don’t need Apple to limit what I can do with my phone and what I can share and who I can share with. I have used Iphone before and it surely not my cup of tea. 10/12/2016 Emma squire Reply Okay Listen what I think is that you have written an article telling the blank truth of your mind. But you see I have an iPhone 6s,iPod 5,MacBook air, MacBook Pro, Samsung TV with built in smart tv, Samsung galaxy tablet pro and I don’t mind Samsung to be truthful. Also I find that Apple is more easier to use but harder to switch from an iOS device to an LGphone. Emma squire, 11y/o from Aus. 10/14/2016 Babble Reply Let’s face it… I use an android lollipop but after comparing and visualizing the specifications.. One can truly say that iPhone is way more better than android. ..though we need to invest some bucks unlike android phones. 😀 10/14/2016 Huen Reply iOS is superior to Android. I was suckered in buying 2 android devices the samsung galaxy s3 and the nexus 4. I gave it a try because my friends raved about android. They are smart people who generally have great advice and knowledge on technology. So I said I’ll give it a shot because they have good judgement. However I found out that their judgement were out of biased hatred toward apple. Android devices: 1. on paper they have more ram, sometimes quicker cpu clock speed, higher resolution etc. however real life performance tests apple out scores android devices, just check geek bench and speed tests. As for higher resolution our eyes dont even detect the larger resolutions. 2. I found out the hard way, downloaded apps that just didnt work for my device. Google needs to improve this I dont know if they are better now but man they need to detect the hardware your using and tell you ahead of time before you download and install an app that its compatible with your device! 3. customizations my butt!! Its a great idea so called if all your launchers actually look good! haha I tried all these loaders for my s3 and they were all ugly. Just go with apple, its like saying would you hire great designers for your house and you would just let them have their way in designing the house for you or would you want to design it yourself? doesnt make sense look at xiaomi great example they just copy everything apple does and it looks great. Dont hire cheap designers to design the way your phone looks and works. 4. OS – android’s solution to everything is “oh just download this app to make it work or oh just kill this task or reduce brightness or this or that” why?! If I’m paying 1k for a phone why does it not just work? Why must I non stop have to tweak things on my phone to get save battery or make things work? For instance for whatsapp there was no function built into the app that when I want to send a larger video than that of the given limit on a video it just rejects it. On iOS whatsapp gives you a little function that u can just cut the video into segments and send them in separate messages? This sounds like it can be something that is on the app level. I dont know but as for end user experience its just not convenient you need to download another app that will cut videos in segments for you this is retarded. 5. battery life just sucks on android – and my friend is all like well it works for me…well that’s because he had to buy a new battery that was double the size and totally threw out the idea of having a sleek thin phone. Theres on and on the list goes android and samsung devices are not superior devices. The features samsung lovers speak of are just gimmicks. Keyboards, widgets, notifications honestly who cares? Especially when widgets just take down performance on your phone? I just dont see any benefits on android especially the argument went something like this: “oh android phones are cheaper for superior hardware” Like I said hardware maybe superior on PAPER but in real life benchmarks iphones outshine samsung and htc and other top tier android devices. By the way prices are not cheaper anymore so android fanboys have no actual argument. Like I said I tried android and they are not superior phones both hardware and software. Aesthetically Android phones are ugly. You now pay a premium price on sub premium products, and they explode. lol 10/20/2016 Jamezz_ Reply Sure. A Samsung or LG’s phone software is ugly. But stock android?! Android 6.0 stock? It’s an extraordinary interface with origami-style apps. The geometry with the shadows and vibrant colors is beautiful. The app drawer is simple, and you can put the apps you use on your home screen. Android’s advantage is software. iSheep are just too autistic to use it. 10/16/2016 Cmi Reply I have both! I have an iPhone for work and I have an Android for my personal use, in my opinion the phone is shit and could not compare to the Android in any area,i f it were up to me I would NEVER own an iPhone. Anybody who argues this point has never used them side by side. No comparison.anybody who stands in line for the new iPhone is absolutely getting the shaft and not even getting the best product , it’s laughable! 10/18/2016 George Brite Reply Great article. Over the years I’ve had both. Even a couple of Macs. I use PC’s now because I like being able to work on them and build my own. For the average user the I Phone is a better choice. They are simple and work well. Here’s the big negatives for me: The hardware and software are proprietary. In fact the phones are sealed. You can’t install an extended battery. No SD slot. No root access. Comparable Android phones cost a lot less. The Android phones natively work with Google Apps. We use our phones in the business. If I were a casual user it wouldn’t matter if it were a Trac Phone or an I Phone. We use the Google phones and Motorola phones. They run pure Android without all the carrier bloatware. I like to say Apple invented the smartphone, but Google perfected it. It’s like the choice between a toaster oven and a microwave or a full commercial kitchen. Most people will get along fine with the toaster and microwave. They don’t need a commercial kitchen. But, what if you could get the full commercial kitchen for the same price as the toaster and microwave? Everyone has an opinion about which is better. But trust me when I say this isn’t a choice between chocolate and vanilla. There are very distinct differences between the Android and Apple phones. 10/21/2016 ZinicHD Reply Wtf, apps never ever releases on iOS first. It always releases on android first. Also app updates releases on android first, so that’s kind of bullshit what you are saying. The only thing iOS beats android in is security and stability. Also you can get virus scanners on android, so that thing doesn’t matter. And one thing more, who ever uses FaceTime or iMessage, when we have messenger, Skype ect… And that point when you said that iOS stock apps was the stupidest crap I have ever heard. First of all it was a shit point, what are you gonna need the looks for? Second is that not everyone thinks it look better, so keep that mind. I am a iOS user and I am so disappointed that you can’t even customize the most of the things. I have to admit that the design of iOS is pretty nice, but you get quick tired of it. That’s why I jailbreaked my device to get the ability to customize it more professionally. But I don’t compare a android device and a jailbroken device, because jailbreaking is not something that comes with Apple. iOS is also very expensive compared to android devices. And checking storage on android is way more organized than iOS, so I don’t know where you get that idea that checking storage on iOS is better. 10/22/2016 Bent Vanwijnsberghe Reply the lightning port part is bs i have an iphone (looking for a new phone android) and there are around me on my desk already 3 micro usb and 1 lightning port witch costs around 40 bucks for a new one 10/25/2016 Selenia Reply Terrible article by an obvious fanboy. You are listing many things, like lack of carrier or manufacturer bloatware, reversible charging plug, seamless sharing, etc and saying they are exclusive to Apple. Try Googling USB-C, the current standard on any higher range Android, some still cheaper than an iDevice. Try a Nexus, or as of this year, Pixel phone. No bloat, Android as Google intended it. That would be a more fair comparison as those are at least close in the chain to Google, like an iPhone is to Apple. That is, instead of being made by some company who may not even care how it represents Android, build quality, and other important things, instead of pure profit(not say all non Nexus/Pixel phones are bad by any means, but some do give Android a bad name with poor specs and modified/outdated versions of Android). Seamless sharing? Ever hear of WiFi Direct, Bluetooth, or NFC? NFC is the simplest. Just hit share and tap. All but the cheapest Androids have that these days. Anyways, I am convinced you have never used a decent Android, ever. Certainly not one from Google themselves. I will leave you to tend to your iFlock. 10/30/2016 MzJens Reply For android, I think google products like nexus & pixel are much better than samsung. However, I noticed a lot of crappy apps available on google play that doesn’t work. Some apps require root access which only advance users should do. Android interface is not as intuitive as iOS. Some android apps hang. I’ve never had ios apps hang on me 11/10/2016 Pixleboy2 Reply “You have to try multiple attempts before putting the charger in at the right angle” 1. If you do it in a lit environment you will get it in first try because the micro USB shape is easy to see 2. If you are in the dark: And have an official Samsung charger – there will be a “bumps letting you know which way to put it and the only thing that can go wrong is you missing the port, which is possible on iPhone too. And have any old micro USB – there are two, normal, ways to insert it horizontally upside down and horizontally the correct way both 180 degree angles so please don’t exaggerate it. Finally Samsung cares about you that’s why they use micro USB. This may seem weird but basically to legally make a lightning USB cable you need a licence from Apple and Apple only have their own unique charger to earn more profit, that’s why apple chargers are always more expensive, because they are sold by Apple or the retailer needs to make his money back from the licence fare. P.S. Samsung devices come with a 1 year warranty for free and because it’s Samsung you can get cheaper insurance than their one (yes they have one) P.P.S. Sharing has always been easier on android to anything because you could share with a variety of options such as Bluetooth, NFC, messaging app, other third party apps, S share (Samsung own “air drop” that came out in Android version 4.1.3 BI7 – before Ios 7 Also the settings icon is useful, it’s like apple not making the send button on messages 3d touch to send so you don’t accidently press it, sure sometimes you send half written messages but it is more convenient and normal to have it to a single normal touch. And there is a difference between apps looking better and having more features on Apple which are usually hardware based, I just brought this up because no matter who you ask if you compare a Samsung phone with its equivalent iPhone generation, Samsung phones ALWAYS have better displays and MOSTLY have better cameras. Samsung phones are also very comfortable, for example I am writing this on a Samsung galaxy s7 edge There is a setting that allows the micro sd card to be added as side by side storage Finally Samsung has always had earphone controls so either I read it wrong that you said these are things we will miss very much or you are really confused 11/12/2016 Tetsuokenpachi Reply Each and every single of these are false. Android is actually better in every single of these areas. From the first to the last one. Worse yet, many of these points are actually some of the very reasons why idevices absolutely suck. 11/16/2016 Billy Sastard Reply apple is crap, these idiots make their products so expensive, but android is cheaper and has alot of awesome features.android is also WAY more customisable, with out necessarily rooting your device.And if you do, you can do almost anything from installing apps to changing your software. 11/16/2016 Calculadora Gestacional Reply I think both of them are just great! 11/16/2016 Caleb Reply The update can still download on older Apple products, because I have a IPad 2 that came out in 2011 and it still receives all of the latest updates. It is running IOS 10 right now. 11/16/2016 saurabh Reply Been an exclusive apple lover for 7 years now. But just bought an edge 7. Was amazed to see how much progress android has made and makes my iphone look so limited. I am aware that android tends to slow down over time but that is yet to happen to me. For now the openness of android is amazing as it is giving me a computer like experience while iOS still strictly behaves like a mobile device only. Classic hurt points being in iphone /iOS being No expandable memory No dual sim version (i travel internationally and need this frequently) Unable to use lastpass like apps the same way as in android (and keychain is BS, BTW) Simple things like themes unavailable Very less system wide control Very limited customisation I can go on but i think unless my expensive edge can give me same performance as now for ATLEAST 2 years, i’ll eat my words back But, the 15 points mentioned here are almost all very unconvincing. 11/17/2016 Philip Reply Apple are just simple phones no really fancy stuff I have had two Android phone I love their features but not their battery life which is crappie I have had two Apple iPods and two iPhone they were the 4 32 GB & 5s 64 GB now on Android your apps get updated every 3 months on Apple sometimes twice a week IOS updates are twice month at least I bought my iPhone 5s 64 GB which started with iOS 7 in 2014 now it got iOS 10.1.1 it seems the IOS are getting worse not better it freezes crashes most apps lot of the app you can’t even post two year let alone one day old photo I can get on my Samsung Galaxy S3 with 3 year old photos on it and post photos off it to any app only reason I like the small iPhones I can collect lot photos that way I can post to my apps like now I got over 106K photos on my 5s 64 GB which you can’t do with big phones only problems I got with iPhones are updates on apps and IOS’S like this month iOS 10.2 supposedly be coming out it seems the new IOS’s don’t really fixing any problems you get on your iPhone it just give you different problems while you still have the same old problems you also got figure Apple iPhones are about 3 years behind Android phones on new ideals 11/18/2016 Nick Reply Apple!? WTF, guys?! Why spend money for NOTHING…!? Every China’s for has a better hardware now… 11/18/2016 ameile Reply …til I looked at the draft that said $6074, I have faith that my father in law was like they say really taking home money in their spare time at their laptop, there dads buddy had done this 4 only about ten months and recently paid for the dept on there cottage and purchased Lotus Elan………. see this link…………. http://www.atanycost.tk 11/21/2016 Keely humiston Reply you show some amazing logic for both iPhone and android. i highly appreciate that. but sometime i felt iPhone best and sometime felt android. mainly it depend on users attitude what is she or he like or comfortable to use phone. this is my thinking. 11/23/2016 Faris mog Reply Hurrah…!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity forall. Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash.Visit this link……….. =======► More Detail 11/24/2016 Daniel Thompkins Reply The author has no idea of the freedom of open source OS. From the moment you boot up ios, there are restrictions to what you can do with your phone. Can you flash IOS9 to iphone4s? Guess what, my old galaxy s2 is already running marshmallow like a charm and i think both of them were released in the same year. and i am in the process of flashing Latest nougat 7.1 cyanogenmod version on my s6 edge. You are writing about malware crap which is misleading. New android versions since lollipop allow users to modify app permissions but i think you are so caught up in app constrained ecosystem, you didn’t noticed. IOS isn’t secure anymore as we thought it was. Su vulnerability has already been fixed and there is no more stagefright bug in android. And you obviously have no idea about the difference between android based phones and android phones. Most of the Phones from samsung, htc, sony etc run Custom Android based OS, They are actually custom build port of android, not real android phones, so obviously there will be some issues too if you try to port IOS on samsung. A high end smartphone can go head to head with iphone in each and every aspect. My s6 edge is not even a tad slower than iphone 6, in fact, it performs even better. The slowdown overtime can be experience on low end smartphone. Obviously the one writing this comment has no idea about fstrim. Stop posting such nonsense crap in order to get traffic to your website. 11/25/2016 ashford Reply I have never once had a problem with android phones, but decided to switch it up as IPhones are the ‘in thing’ It was okay for a few months, but soon started having plenty of issues with speed, memory and doing basic things. I decided to upgrade it to the 7, which turned out to be just as bad. For the price, they should be giving people something amazing, not mediocrity! P.S. How much did they apple pay you for such a bad article. 12/03/2016 Brandon McLean Reply You didn’t mention how Apple has a much smaller battery, late software updates, unneeded restrictions, is insanely overpriced, and most of all, Apples processor specs come in at a fraction of what Androids of the same price have, AKA 1.6 GHZ (Apple iPhones) vs 2.4 GHZ (ASUS, Galaxy S7, OnePlus all running Android), 2 GB of RAM (Apple) vs 4 GB of RAM (Android). Android is by far the superior technology. Your only argument is that Android uses Google’s superior sharing system, rather than their own like Apple does. 12/14/2016 Keith Llewellyn Reply For me, it’s all about security, and Apple has the best. Also, if you buy an iPhone you get updates and support for a couple of years more than Google provides for it’s own Nexus or Pixel phones. Two years worth of updates for the OS and Three years for security updates FROM THE DATE OF FIRST INTRODUCTION is totally inadequate. It means that you have to buy a new google phone from the date it is first available in order to really benefit from the updates. 12/27/2016 Apple Marketing Machine Reply Let’s compare the “core” features of a new iphone to a 2 year old android phone: iphone 7 plus – Released 2016, September Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Released 2014, October iphone 7 plus – 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – 1440 x 2560 pixels (~518 ppi pixel density) iphone 7 plus – Quad-core 2.23 GHz Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Quad-core 2.7 GHz iphone 7 plus – 12 MP camera Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – 16 MP camera iphone 7 plus – Non-removable Li-Ion 2900 mAh battery Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Removable Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery okay…you can have your “better looking apps”. 12/28/2016 MACKabiVIPer42 Reply Yes Android phones are better everything wise but iPhone battery is better last as long as up to 3 to 4 years Samsung last up to 6 months I know had S3 and HTC 1 still got S3 3rd battery it’s just iPod on second iPhone first one was iPhone 4 32 GB lasted 4 years got iPhone 5s 64 GB it’s over 2 yrs old but don’t use for taking photos just for collecting photos which small iPhone can collect up too 100K photos like my iPhone 5s I’m not SELFIE PERSON where I got take photo of my self in every window mirror and bathroom I love stealing other people photos like Anime ladies in bikinis to post on my other apps even Animals if they are cute enough yes Apple do make there apps crappie and there IOS’s also which crashes and freezes a lot then half time you can’t post photos or articles from your e-mail too the apps but I take Apple for small phone over android big phone 12/27/2016 Bas Reply This brought my iq down by 10 points, iphone users aren’t bothered by that because they dont have any iq points to lose. This list is pure “i don’t like it so that means android is bad” and “its apple so whatever it does it’s genius”. if you’ve ever ACTUALLY went from crapple to android (unlike 99% of the comments here that say they have but in reality… well) you would notice a LOT of improvements over crapple. 1: The price to quality ratio is MUCH better that apple’s. 2: More customisation options. Unless you count changing your phone cover as “customizing”. 3: It’s not apple, so it’s better (see what i did there? I did the shit apple fanboy’s do) 4: No dumb “inovations”. 5: Simplifying things and making something that takes 3 seconds isn’t better, Sony, Samsung etc focus on more important things to improve. 12/30/2016 Joe Reply iPhones are more compatible with other devices if you have an iPad and Mac. But if you’re like majority of people and have a Windows computer that’s a lie. I installed iTunes once and my computer was never the same again. It was slower and crashed more often untill I uninstalled it. With Android you don’t have to install anything to put music on your phone. 01/02/2017 Dusty72 Reply This post is really interesting, but why it is on 15th place in google’s search results. It deserves to be in top 5. Many webmasters think that seo is dead in 2016, but it is not true. There is sneaky method to reach google’s top 5 that not many people know. Simply search for: pandatsor’s tools 01/03/2017 Marcelino Reply I’d have to say if you think the last iPhone was 2 years ago then you know nothing about it. I have a android galaxy tab 3 and the iPod 6 generation and if I was to choose which is better it’s definitely Apples product and I never would get an android again. When I got my android new at Walmart it couldn’t even get the latest version, it was completely unbelievable. After I had it for 3 months it slowed down on me and its battery life is horrible. Now when I bought this IPod new I’ve had it for a double the time now and it works like new and best of all it can get the latest version. The quality of Apple is way better. In my opinion the iPhone is the best visual quality I’ve seen yet. Ive done some decent gaming on them and if you want something to save your progress then forget android, because not all the game link to your google play account so if you reset it the ones that don’t link are gone. Unlike apple I haven’t had any issues with it. I’ve lost decent money and progress on android because of it. Yes Apple does come out with the newest technology a bit latter then android but you can see it it a good way or a bad. The bad way would be that their slow, the good way you can see it as if their watching googles failing parts and their making it better. 01/03/2017 Marcelino Reply Also I can see you all are fighting over this topic which is pretty stupid. To be honest you can’t necessarily compare them. Everyone is different so everyone is going to want something different. If we all wanted android or we all wanted Apple we would become robots. If you wanted to find a phone to get then get into inside detail to see what your looking for. If you wanted fun texting and want to be more secure then go straight for apple because they got the best for that but if you wanted fun lock screens or be able to put micro SD cards and changeable batteries then go for android but let me remind you that anyone can take the SD card out and take your information. Hope this helps. 01/04/2017 LOREN FOK Reply people will buy iphone just because thats what everyone else has they dont even know what they are buying. They think because its popular its the best choice..all robots who don’t think for themselves 01/04/2017 farafit Reply i read almost every comments and keep deciding what should i buy: an android or iphone. i own android for 8 years now (from the era when sony ericsson still existed) and got so accustomed to it. i changed devices for 4 times during the 8 years because i want to get spec updates regularly. i love the fact that it is very simple in android: you can buy any android device you want and you will feel like you never changed your phone. contact, picture, apps, music will all still be the same as in the old phone. i heard that iphone is more stable compared to android so i am thinking of switching but i am genuinely scared the switch will cost me more: i will have to buy new headphones, mac (because many say that iphones does not connect well with pc), and i am very clumsy so i’m scared of scattering my iphone screen and will need to pay more to repair it. my husband owns a 4s and it still works until now, and it is true that android has shorter lifespan for a clumsy user like me because after some point android will keep hanging.. but still i think android is perfect for people like me who doesn’t really have the money to be a vivid apple follower.. i don’t want to be all attached to itunes.. i dont want to be obliged to buy a macbook to operate my iphone well.. i just don’t really like to spend almost all of my earnings to buy a single phone, when at the same time the same amount of money can be used to buy an android and a pc, and a vacuum cleaner.. maybe someday i will switch to apple products altogether when i have a mountain pile of money to spend.. but for now i am quite happy with a middle-end android phone and will stick to it.. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Amazon's Monday Deals Start Black Friday Week With a Bang Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  amazon / istock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, November 21. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS AND MEDIA DKnight MagicBox II Bluetooth 4.0 Portable Wireless Speaker, 10W Output Power with Enhanced Bass, Build in Microphone for Handfree Phone Call(Black) for $23.99 (list price $129.99) The Godfather Collection (The Coppola Restoration) [Blu-ray] for $16.99 (list price $62.99) Bose QuietComfort 20 Acoustic Noise Cancelling Headphones, Apple Devices, Black for $199.00 (list price $249.00) Streamlight 88052 ProTac HL USB Tactical Flashlight, Cord Included for $92.99 (list price $180.00) iXCC 3-Ft Tangle-Free Male to Male 3.5mm Auxiliary Cable with Gold Plated Connectors for Apple, Android Smartphones, Tablet and MP3 Players - Standard Packaging for $4.99 (list price $9.99) Universal Waterproof Case, JOTO CellPhone Dry Bag Pouch for Apple iPhone 6S 6,6S Plus,7 SE 5S, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 Note 5 4, HTC LG Sony Nokia Motorola up to 6.0" diagonal -Black for $8.99 (list price $19.99) Kingston Digital 128GB Data Traveler SE9 G2 USB 3.0 Metal Flash Drive (DTSE9G2/128GB) for $36.19 (list price $61.00) iGotTech Texting Gloves for Smartphones and Touchscreens, Black With Gray Details for $8.97 (list price $15.99) Jackery Bar Premium 6000 mAh External Battery Charger - Portable Charger and Power Bank with Panasonic Battery Cells and Aluminum Shell for iPhone 7, 7 Plus, iPad, Galaxy & Other Smart Devices (Black) for $13.99 (list price $49.95) TaoTronics Bluetooth Shutter Selfie Stick with Tripod for IOS and Android Smartphone for $14.99 (list price $39.99) SanDisk iXpand Flash Drive, 32GB, for iPhone and iPad, Black/Silver (SDIX30C-032G-GN6NN) Newest Version for $44.93 (list price $59.99) ONSON Micro USB Cable,3Pack 10FT Extra Long Nylon Braided High Speed 2.0 USB to Micro USB Charging Cable Android Charger Cord (Black White) for $12.99 (list price $18.99) SanDisk Extreme 32GB MicroSDHC UHS-I Card with Adapter (SDSQXNE-032G-GN6MA) for $16.98 (list price $69.99) AUKEY Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Ports and 4 Ports USB Charger for $27.99 (list price $34.99) Circle with Disney for $84.99 (list price $99.00) Type C Car Charger, Maxboost 35W w/ Quick Charge 2.0 Technology+Built-in Type-C (3.1) USB C Adapter Charging Cable for Google Pixel XL,Nexus 5X 6P,MacBook 12" iPhone,Galaxy S7 S6/Note 5,Nokia-TC Black for $12.99 (list price $18.99) Fritesla 16000mah Power Bank Portable Charger for Smartphones-Black for $27.99 (list price $49.99) Samsung Gear VR - Virtual Reality Headset (US Version with Warranty) for $53.99 (list price $99.99) SoundBot SB518FM FM RADIO Water Resistant Bluetooth Wireless Shower Speaker Hands-Free Portable Speakerphone w/ Smart One Touch Auto-Scan, 6Hrs Music Streaming, Built-in Mic, Detachable Suction Cup for $8.96 (list price $99.99) OtterBox COMMUTER SERIES Case for iPhone 5/5s/SE - Frustration Free Packaging - BLACK for $17.36 (list price $34.95) Selfie Stick, Extendable Monopod with Bluetooth Remote and Tripod Stand for iPhone 7 6S Plus 6S 6 Plus 6 5S Android Samsung Galaxy S6 S5 Note 4 Support Photo & Video for $18.99 (list price $45.99) Apple Watch Stand, Hapurs iWatch Bamboo Wood Charging Dock Charge Station Stock Cradle Holder for Apple Watch Both 38mm and 42mm & iPhone 6 6 plus 5S 5 for $6.99 (list price $39.99) iClever Wireless Bluetooth FM Transmitter Radio Adapter Car Kit with Hands-free Calling for $17.99 (list price $99.99) iMuto 20000mAh Compact Portable Charger External Battery Power Bank with Smart LED Digital Display and Quick Charge (Black) for $29.99 (list price $79.99) Seneo Wireless Charger QI Wireless Charging Pad for ALL Qi-Enabled Devices for $10.99 (list price $29.99) Soundbot SB210 HD Stereo Bluetooth 4.1 Wireless Smart Beanie Headset Musical Knit Headphone Speaker Hat Speakerphone Cap,built-in Mic (BLK) for $14.97 (list price $39.99) Canbor Bluetooth Headphones 4.1 Wireless Earbuds with Mic Sport Stereo Headset Noise Cancelling Neckband IPX5 Sweatproof Earphones for $35.99 (list price $59.99) Anker Multi-Angle Aluminum Stand for Tablets, e-readers and Smartphones, Compatible with iPhone, iPad, Samsung Galaxy / Tab, Google Nexus, HTC, LG, Nokia Lumia, OnePlus and More- (Silver) for $8.99 (list price $39.99) Solar Assist Charger, Mengo S-Power Shockproof/Water-Resistant 5300Mah [ Solar Assist Back-up Battery ] Charger Power Bank Featuring Dual USB Port Smart Charge Technology (Red) for $21.24 (list price $49.99) SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter, Grey/Red, Standard Packaging (SDSQUNC-064G-GN6MA) for $19.29 (list price $59.99) Ugreen 3.5mm Audio Stereo Y Splitter Cable 3.5mm Male to 2 Port 3.5mm Female for Earphone and Headset Splitter Adapter, Metal Housing, Black for $5.99 (list price $9.99) iXCC Element Series 3 Feet Apple [MFi Certified] Lightning 8pin to USB Charge and Sync Cable for iPhone 7/7Plus/6/6s/5/5s/SE/iPad Mini/Air/Pro-White for $5.99 (list price $14.99) Casio Men's MRW-S300H-8BVCF Solar-Powered Sport Watch for $23.25 (list price $49.95) KITCHEN Rachael Ray Porcelain Enamel II Nonstick Covered Steamer Set, 3-Quart, Red Gradient for $27.75 (list price $100.00) Nesco 481825PR 18 Qt Professional Stainless Steel Roaster Oven with Porcelain Cookwell for $57.61 (list price $92.99) Rachael Ray Hard Anodized II Nonstick 14-Inch Skillet with Helper Handle, Gray with Orange Handle for $27.75 (list price $100.00) Calphalon Contemporary Hard Anodized Nonstick 16-Inch Roasting Pan with Rack 5 pc. Set for $79.95 (list price $170.00) Circulon 83465 Acclaim 13-Piece Cookware Set, Black for $118.00 (list price $450.00) Rachael Ray Hard Anodized II Nonstick 12-Piece Set, Orange handles for $96.19 (list price $285.00) Culina 2-piece Knife and Fork Carving Set for $6.99 (list price $29.95) Anova Precision Cooker, WIFI 2nd Gen, 900 Watts for $169.00 (list price $199.00) Popcorn Maker - Collapsible Microwave Silicone Popcorn Popper BPA free with Lid - Promotional Price for $15.95 (list price $25.00) Hamilton Beach 62650 6-Speed Classic Hand Mixer, Silver for $19.99 (list price $25.99) Wintergreen Vacuum Sealing Machine A Portable System For Food Saving And Long Storage for $79.99 (list price $109.00) Hamilton Beach 25460A Panini Press Gourmet Sandwich Maker for $24.94 (list price $63.99) Duralex Made In France Picardie 12 oz. Clear Tumbler, Set of 6 for $21.60 (list price $39.99) Marquis by Waterford Markham Hiball Collins Glasses, Set of 4 for $19.99 (list price $100.00) Culinary Cooking Tools Premium V-Blade Stainless Steel Mandoline Slicer - Fruit and Vegetable Slicer - Food Slicer - Vegetable Cutter - Potato Slicer - Vegetable Julienne - Includes 5 Inserts (BLACK) for $29.97 (list price $59.99) Pyrex Basics Clear Oblong Glass Baking Dishes, 2 Piece Value Plus Pack Set for $15.45 (list price $27.99) Cello Chef Deluxe Hot-Pot Insulated Casserole Food Warmer/Cooler, 1.2-Liter for $12.99 (list price $19.96) Lodge EC6D43 Enameled Cast Iron Dutch Oven, 6-Quart, Island Spice Red for $55.99 (list price $115.00) Rachael Ray Cucina Stoneware 3-Piece Round Casserole & Lid Set, Agave Blue for $34.24 (list price $100.00) Kitchen-Restaurant-Hotel Dish-Cloth Tea Towels - 12 Pack, White with Blue Side Stripe, 100% Cotton with Herringbone Weave, Professional Quality, Low Lint, 24 oz, Highly Absorbent (15 inch x 25 inch) by Utopia Towel for $13.95 (list price $26.95) Anchor Hocking Montana Storage Jar, Glass, 64-Ounce for $11.99 (list price $18.99) Royal Stemless Wine Glass Set, 4-Pack, 15 Ounce Wine Tumbler Set, Glass for $12.95 (list price $29.99) JBK Terra Cotta 5 x 3 Inch Bread Warmer Tile for $6.62 (list price $7.95) Zojirushi SM-SA60-BA Stainless Steel Mug, 20-Ounce, Black for $27.99 (list price $44.99) Silicone Basting & Pastry Brushes by AdeptChef, Great for BBQ Meat, Cakes & Pastries for $7.97 (list price $19.99) Totally Bamboo 3 Piece Bamboo Cutting Board Set, For Meat & Veggie Prep, Serve Bread, Crackers & Cheese, Cocktail Bar Board for $14.99 (list price $30.39) Sunsella Vegetable Steamer - 5.3" to 9.3" - 100% Stainless Steel for $18.00 (list price $24.00) Dansk Christianshavn Blue Sugar Bowl for $11.99 (list price $18.50) Handmade Indian Silver Beaded Napkin Rings - Set of 6 Rings for $13.42 (list price $18.57) Takeya Cold Brew Iced Coffee Maker, 1-Quart, Black for $19.91 (list price $24.99) ExcelSteel Stainless Steel Colanders, Set of 3 for $13.99 (list price $28.00) Oberhaus Premium Collapsible Silicone Colander/Strainer with Stainless Steel Base (Available Colors: Red, Blue and Green) for $16.95 (list price $24.99) Presto 06300 Dehydro Electric Food Dehydrator for $33.00 (list price $59.99) Hamilton Beach 25475A Breakfast Sandwich Maker for $24.00 (list price $29.99) Rachael Ray 4-Piece Cucina Stoneware Dipping Cup Set, Assorted for $9.08 (list price $29.99) BLACK+DECKER RC503 Mini 3-Cup Cooked/1.5-Cup Uncooked Rice Cooker, White for $13.99 (list price $17.99) Hoan Bagel Guillotine Slicer, White for $14.37 (list price $17.99) ORBLUE Stainless Steel Serrated Bread Slicer Knife for $12.87 (list price $19.87) Presto 02970 Professional SaladShooter Electric Slicer/Shredder, White for $35.04 (list price $69.99) HOME National Tree 24-Inch Crestwood Spruce Wreath with Silver Bristle/Cones/Red Berries/Glitter/50 Clear Lights - Plug In for $42.74 (list price $49.99) National Tree 7 1/2-Feet Dunhill Fir Tree, Hinged, 750 Clear Lights (DUH-75LO) for $228.55 (list price $469.99) Altra Galaxy Audio Stand with Glass Shelves, Black for $74.12 (list price $129.99) Affinity Complete Bed with Metal Spindle Panels and Detailed Castings, Blackened Taupe Finish, California King for $318.84 (list price $609.00) Greenland Home 3 Piece Shangri-La Quilt Set, Full/Queen for $68.99 (list price $188.99) 5 Liter/1.3 Gallon Small Round Stainless Steel Step Trash Can (SilverII) for $14.99 (list price $21.99) PharMeDoc Cooling Gel Memory Foam Pillow - Standard Size - Most Comfortable on Amazon for Optimum Support - Soft and Breathable Density - machine washable Cover for $32.95 (list price $59.95) Shark Original Steam Mop (S3101) for $34.30 (list price $69.99) Jeronic 11-Inch Plastic Folding Step Stool, Black for $9.99 (list price $16.99) WBM Himalayan Glow Hand Carved Natural Crystal Himalayan Salt Lamp with Genuine Neem Wood Base, Bulb and Dimmer Control, 8-to-9-Inch, 8-to-11-Pounds for $27.99 (list price $39.95) SOAIY Plug-in LED Night Light with Smart On / Off Sensor, White (6500K), Pack of 8 for $15.99 (list price $19.99) Comenzar Battery Operated 5-Inch, 6-Inch, 7-Inch Flickering Flameless LED Candles with 10-Key Remote Timer, Set of 3 for $30.99 (list price $150.00) Bamboo Wastebasket Trash Can for $29.95 (list price $34.95) Turkish Luxury Hotel & Spa Collection 27"x54" Bath Towels 100% Genuine Turkish Cotton Organic and Eco Friendly (Set of 4, White) for $39.99 (list price $62.96) Holmes HEPA Type Desktop Air Purifier, 3 Speeds plus Optional Ionizer, HAP242-NUC for $37.99 (list price $59.99) Jerdon JP910NB 6-Inch Tabletop Two-Sided Swivel Vanity Mirror with 10x Magnification, 11-Inch Height, Nickel Finish for $19.99 (list price $24.99) Apache Mills 60-764-1029 Masterpiece Aberdeen Entrance Mat, 18-inch by 30-Inch for $13.27 (list price $29.00) Signature Design by Ashley D199-00 Dining Chair/Bench, Rustic Finish for $40.99 (list price $120.00) simplehuman Round Step Trash Can, Stainless Steel, Plastic Lid, 30 L / 8 Gal for $39.99 (list price $49.99) Cosco 34" Resin Top Folding Table Black for $34.00 (list price $41.99) Cosco Vinyl 4-Pack Folding Chair, Black for $84.20 (list price $119.99) Sleep Master Gel Memory Foam 2 Inch Topper, Full for $58.89 (list price $69.99) Simple Deluxe Anti-Bacterial Anti-Slip-Resistant Bath Mat, 16" W x 39" L, Extra Long, Blue for $12.99 (list price $24.99) Whitmor 6021-575-BB Ebony Chrome Deluxe Adjustable Garment Rack for $16.00 (list price $34.99) Seville Classics UltraZinc 5-Shelf Home-Style Steel Wire Shelving Storage Rack with Wheels, 14 x 30 x 60" for $54.99 (list price $89.99) Balance High Accuracy Bathroom Scale with Easy-to-Read Backlit LCD & 5-Year Warranty for $16.99 (list price $49.99) Best Choice Products Large 1500W Heat Adjustable Electric Wall Mount & Free Standing Fireplace Heater with Glass XL for $114.95 (list price $134.95) Kleen Freak Antibacterial Universal Twister Plunger Holder Tray with Germ Guard - White for $14.99 (list price $19.99) E-PRANCE Shower Window Squeegee, Deluxe Stainless Steel Squeegee for Bathroom Mirror Wiper,Window Glass Cleaning for $12.99 (list price $22.99) InterDesign Forma Constant Tension Bathroom Shower Curtain Rod - 43-75", Medium, Brushed Stainless Steel for $11.99 (list price $21.99) Luxury Bath Sheet Towel (Multiple Colors Available; 35 x 70 Inch) Cotton Extra Large Beach Bath Towels, Machine Washable, Hotel Quality, Super Soft and Highly Absorbent Towels By Utopia Towels for $15.99 (list price $31.99) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Lipstick Holder & Lip Gloss Organizer - Organizta's versatile makeup holder for your lipsticks and lip glosses for $15.55 (list price $24.99) HoMedics FB- 600 Foot Salon Pro Pedicure Spa with Heat for $50.80 (list price $79.99) IBEET Blackhead & Blemish Removers Acne Remover Tool,Comedone Extractor Tool - Anti-microbial Double-side 4 Pieces - Treatment for Blemish, Whitehead Popping, Zit Removing for Risk Free Nose for $6.85 (list price $15.99) Matto Makeup Brushes Professional 10-Piece Golden Makeup Brush Set with Brush Holder for $49.99 (list price $79.99) Bestidy Professional Makeup Brushes 10 Piece Soft Oval Toothbrush Design Makeup Brush Set and with Gift Box Set (Black) for $22.99 (list price $69.99) ESARORA Stainless Steel Ice Roller for Face & Eye,Puffiness,Migraine,Pain Relief and Minor Injury,Skin Care Products (White) for $10.71 (list price $22.99) ESARORA Makeup Brush Cleaning Mat, Makeup Brush Cleaner Set of 3 Mini Cosmetic Brush Cleaner Mat Portable Washing Tools (blue) for $10.99 (list price $19.99) Point Relief 11-0730-1 ColdSpot Gel, 4 oz Tube for $51.14 (list price $74.95) Andis VersaTrim Cord/Cordless Personal Trimmer, Silver (22725) for $16.99 (list price $19.99) IBEET Lovely Makeup Brush - Travel Makeup Brush Set With Case,Silky Soft Cosmetics B for $10.22 (list price $22.99) Kealive Electric Callus Remover for Foot Care, Foot Callus Shaver and Corn Removal, Foot Pedicure for Home Travel for $9.99 (list price $22.98) Slice 10447 Slanted Tweezer, Extra Wide Grip, Easy To Use for Normal & Course Hair or Splinter, Purple for $12.01 (list price $19.99) Osmotics Cosmeceuticals Blue Copper 5 Firming Elasticity Repair-1 oz for $37.70 (list price $58.00) Juice Beauty Oil-Free Moisturizer, 2 fl. oz. for $21.00 (list price $28.00) English Laundry Lion's Crest Pomade, 3 oz. for $15.00 (list price $19.99) Rituals Magic Balm, 0.70 oz. for $11.25 (list price $15.00) jane iredale Glamour Eye and Lip Palette for $56.25 (list price $75.00) SKIN&CO Roma Umbrian Truffle Cleansing Foam, 5.4 fl. oz. for $16.50 (list price $22.00) English Laundry Lion's Crest 3-In-1 Body Wash, Shampoo, Conditioner, 8.5 oz. for $15.00 (list price $19.99) VINCENT LONGO Sun Moon Stars Trio Eyeshadow, Easy Rider for $22.50 (list price $30.00) VINCENT LONGO Pearl X Eye Shadow, Code 6 Pink for $18.50 (list price $25.00) Cetaphil Daily Facial Cleanser , 16 oz for $13.69 (list price $13.99) Clean & Clear Morning Burst Facial Cleanser, Original, 8 oz, 2 pk for $13.75 (list price $12.89) Clean & Clear Advantage Oil, Free Acne Moisturizer - 4 oz - 2 pk for $15.97 (list price $15.89) Aromatherapy Associates Exfoliating Cleanser, 5.0 Fluid Ounce for $14.73 (list price $16.00) ELFINA Sandalwood Pocket Comb & Handmade Beard Comb, Premium Gift Package for $13.59 (list price $39.99) Eastrin 6 Pieces Beauty Sponge Blender - Latex Free Premium Makeup Sponges, Foundation Blending Sponge ,Flawless Beauty Blender for Liquid, Creams, and Powders ,Multi Color Makeup Sponges for $22.00 (list price $50.99) WrinkleMD Brow Hyaluronic Deep Infusion System for $135.00 (list price $199.00) Sultra The Wicked Wave & Straight Iron for $123.75 (list price $165.00) Neat Feat Beauty Buzz 3 in 1 Callus and Dry Skin Remover with Epilator and Shaving Head for $31.95 (list price $39.95) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Wilton Gingerbread House Kit for $15.79 (list price $17.50) Staedtler Color Pen Set, Set of 36 Assorted Colors (Triplus Fineliner Pens) for $21.60 (list price $54.99) Platinum Art Supplies Micro-Line Ultra-Fine Point Ink Pens (Set Of 16) for $19.99 (list price $39.99) BIC Round Stic Grip Xtra Comfort Ball Pen, Medium Point (1.2 mm), Black and Blue Ink, 36-Count for $5.99 (list price $11.88) Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping Packaging Tape, 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards, 6-Rolls (3850-6) for $16.88 (list price $36.49) Shrinky Dinks Jewelry Kit for $6.53 (list price $10.00) Accuteck All-In-One Series W-8250-50BS A-PT 50 Digital with AC Adapter (Silver) for $16.99 (list price $49.99) Mr. Sketch Scented Markers, Chisel Tip, Holiday Colors , 6-Count for $6.38 EXPO Low-Odor Dry Erase Markers, Ultra Fine Tip, Assorted Colors, 8-Count for $5.09 (list price $14.25) Board Dudes 17" x 23" Wood Style Framed Cork Board (CXM87) for $8.29 (list price $10.85) Sew Mini Treats: More Than 18 Food Plushies to Stitch & Stuff for $14.41 (list price $21.99) Pentel Graph Gear 1000 Automatic Drafting Pencil, 0.5mm Lead Size, Brushed Metal Barrel, 1 Each (PG1015A) for $9.79 (list price $21.99) Texas Instruments TI-1795 SV Standard Function Calculator for $8.99 (list price $15.95) VANRA Metal Mesh Desktop File Sorter Organizer Desk Tray Organize with 3 Letter Trays and 2 Vertical Upright Sections, Black for $33.98 (list price $68.80) Sakura 37488 3-Piece Gelly Roll Blister Card Medium Point Gel Ink Pen Set, White for $3.59 (list price $4.47) Sminiker Portable Survival Aircraft Aluminum Defender Tactical Pen with Glassbreaker, Writing, Self Defense (Black) for $11.99 (list price $32.99) 120 Slots Pencil Case Feelily Multi-layer PU Leather Pencil Holder for Colored Pencils Students Artist Pen Bag Pouch Stationary (Black) for $21.50 (list price $50.00) Pentel EnerGel Deluxe RTX Gel Ink Pens, 0.7 Millimeter Metal Tip, Assorted Colors, 6 Pack (BL77BP6M) for $10.45 (list price $20.49) Swingline Stapler 3-in-1 Set, Includes Stapler, Stapler Remover and 5000 Count Staples, Antimicrobial, Black (S70754551H) for $4.89 (list price $14.74) Sunacme 18 Piece Retractable Fine Point Pen Black Gel Ink Roller Ball Pens with Comfort Grip Premium 0.5mm Tip Provide Super Smooth Writing for $10.93 (list price $25.00) Swingline Paper Shredder, 12 Sheets, Super Cross-Cut, Junk Mail Shredder, 1 User, Personal, Duo, Black (1757394) for $44.99 (list price $56.73) X-ACTO SchoolPro Classroom Electric Pencil Sharpener, Heavy Duty, Black for $29.16 (list price $57.99) ZIPIT Beast Box Hard Shell Pencil/Storage Box, Red for $8.70 (list price $9.99) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Skywalker Trampolines Jump N' Dunk Trampoline with Safety Enclosure and Basketball Hoop, Blue, 15-Feet for $249.99 (list price $349.00) SOG Dark Energy Flashlight DE-01 - 188 Lumens, One CR-123A, Annodized Aluminum Body, CREE LED Technology for $42.19 (list price $92.00) TravelChair Slacker Chair Folding Tripod Camp Stool, Black for $17.99 (list price $19.99) Columbia River Knife and Tool 9110KC Eat N' Tool Black Multi Tool, X-Large for $7.15 (list price $10.95) ProductWorks 36-Inch Pre-Lit Peanuts Snoopy on the Mailbox Animated Christmas Yard Decoration for $59.65 (list price $79.99) Coleman Sundome 2-Person Tent,Green for $25.00 (list price $63.99) Sunny Health & Fitness Yoga Mat for $11.69 (list price $29.99) Wilson Titanium Golf Balls (18 Ball Pack) for $9.97 (list price $19.99) VicTsing Laser Christmas Light,Waterproof Decorative Light 10 Lighting modes Landscape Star Projector with Red and Green Light Show for $42.99 (list price $59.99) Coleman Stadium Seat for $10.61 (list price $23.64) Flexible Flyer Aurora Sled, Assorted Colors for $22.00 (list price $36.99) Bolle Mojo Goggles, Shiny White, Vermillon Lens for $17.65 (list price $24.99) Venture Pal Ultralight Lightweight Packable Foldable Travel Camping Hiking Outdoor Sports Backpack Daypack (Black) for $20.99 (list price $68.99) GWHOLE Military Lensatic Sighting Compass Waterproof for Outdoor Activities for $10.99 (list price $15.99) Polaris Optics Explorer High Powered 12X50 Monocular - Bright and Clear - Single Hand Focus - Waterproof, Fogproof - For Bird Watching, or Wildlife - Tripod For Hands Free Viewing - Daytime Use for $69.99 (list price $199.99) Camp Chef, Sante Series Turkey Cannon Infusion roaster indoor/outdoor TKYC for $19.99 (list price $25.00) ThermoPro TP16 Large LCD Digital Cooking Kitchen Food Meat Thermometer for BBQ Grill Oven Smoker Built-in Clock Timer with Stainless Steel Probe for $22.99 (list price $29.99) Weber 6472 Barbecue Mitt for $7.99 (list price $9.99) Weber 17005 Apple Wood Chunks, 5-Pound for $8.97 (list price $16.99) Ready America 70385 Deluxe Emergency Kit 4 Person Backpack for $84.35 (list price $139.99) Survival Kit - Survival GRENADE Emergency Key Chain Survival Kit - Paracord Grenade Survival Kit with 8+ Tools + Fire Starter & Eye Knife (Black) for $9.95 (list price $12.95) WAOAW Fire Starter Kit with Compass and Whistle - Emergency Magnesium Survival Fire Starter Flint - Champagne for $9.97 (list price $18.00) Easy Gardener 6050 DeerBlock 7-by-100-Foot Netting for $18.87 (list price $39.99) WORX Aerocart Multifunction Wheelbarrow, Dolly and Cart for $145.48 (list price $169.99) Lebefe 9.84ft x 9.84ft 300 Led Icicle Curtain Lights Christmas Lights Wedding Lights String Lights for Home Decor With Memory Function Controller- White for $18.99 (list price $26.78) Woods 50006 Indoor 24-Hour Mechanical Outlet Timer, Daily Settings, 2-Pack for $8.97 (list price $13.99) CAP Barbell Regular 110-Pound Weight Set with 5-Feet Threaded Standard Bar (Grey) for $92.68 (list price $150.00) Gerber Bear Grylls Canteen and Cooking Cup [31-001062] for $20.14 (list price $37.00) Gerber Bear Grylls Survival Hatchet [31-002070] for $22.80 (list price $48.00) Igloo Ice Cube Roller Cooler (60-Quart, Ocean Blue) for $44.50 (list price $64.99) Igloo 58991 Cool Fusion 36-Can Roller MaxCold Coolers, Black for $33.49 (list price $60.99) Gerber Curve Multi-Tool, Gray [31-000206] for $8.30 (list price $16.16) Columbia River Knife and Tool (CRKT) 2735 RMJ Woods Kangee T-Hawk Carbon Steel Axe for $32.71 (list price $69.99) ELECTRONICS iRulu BL20 Video Projector, 2600 Lumens Home Cinema 5.0 Inch LCD TFT Display 1080P HD 3D (Black) for $169.99 (list price $199.99) Linksys AC1200 Wi-Fi Wireless Dual-Band+ Router, Smart Wi-Fi App Enabled to Control Your Network from Anywhere (EA6100) for $47.22 (list price $99.99) Epson Perfection V600 Color Photo, Image, Film, Negative & Document Scanner - Corded for $195.97 (list price $229.99) Samsung SmartThings Hub- White for $49.99 (list price $99.99) White Echo Dot + Caseta Wireless Deluxe Smart Lighting Control Kit for $72.20 (list price $230.00) Mesqool AM/FM Digital Dimmable Projection Alarm Clock Radio with 1.8" LED Display,USB Charging,Dual Alarm,Battery Backup for $29.99 (list price $46.99) iFamCare Helmet: 1080P Full HD Wi-Fi Smart Digital Home Video Monitor for iPhone & Android with Air Sensor, Night Vision, Built-in Laser, White for $78.81 (list price $99.95) Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker FM Radio MP3 Player,10 Play Hour 2200mAh Battery, Hands-Free Calling Built-In Mic, Micro TF SD Card, USB Input, AUX Line-In, Powerful Dual 5W Audio Driver - Black for $29.99 (list price $49.99) Mediabridge ULTRA Series HDMI Cable (25 Foot) - High-Speed Supports Ethernet, 3D and Audio Return [Newest Standard] for $13.99 (list price $15.99) Denon AVR-S510BT 5.2 Channel Full 4K Ultra HD AV Receiver with Bluetooth for $229.00 (list price $279.99) AT&T EL52213 2 Handset Cordless Answering System With Caller ID/Call Waiting, Silver for $41.17 (list price $49.95) Samsung UBD-K8500 3D Wi-Fi 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Player (2016 Model) for $197.90 (list price $399.99) Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System with Spoken Turn-By-Turn Directions, Lifetime Map Updates, Direct Access, and Speed Limit Displays for $100.33 (list price $149.99) HP Pavilion 21.5-Inch IPS LED HDMI VGA Monitor for $99.99 (list price $119.99) TOOLS Dremel 3000-2/28 2 Attachments/28 Accessories Rotary Tool for $45.00 (list price $134.27) Autoark AF-003N 900 Lumen Handheld Flashlight LED Cree XML T6 Water Resistant Camping Torch Adjustable Focus Zoom for $7.99 (list price $32.00) Spend $50 on Select BLACK+DECKER Tools, Get $10 Off at Checkout SOG Key Folding Knife KEY-101 - 1.5" Blade, Black Stainless Steel Handle for $6.00 (list price $12.95) Vida Alegría RAINFOREST 14x8-Inch Chrome Overhead Rain Shower for $49.99 (list price $129.99) Master Lock Bluetooth Indoor Padlock with Easy Backup Keypad Entry 4400D for $39.15 (list price $70.00) J5 Tactical J5 Hyper V 300 Lumen 3 Mode Tactical Flashlight for $12.45 (list price $29.95) TAC Force TF-705 Series Assisted Opening Tactical Folding Knife, Half-Serrated Blade, 4-1/2-Inch Closed for $8.07 (list price $11.49) SE 8036TM-NEW 30-Inch Telescoping Magnetic Pick-Up Tool with 15-lb. Pull Capacity for $5.82 (list price $11.99) Black Diamond Spot Headlamp for $29.96 (list price $39.95) Extech EX330 Autoranging Mini Multimeter with Built In Thermometer with Type K Remote Probe for $44.49 (list price $59.99) SKIL 5280-01 15-Amp 7-1/4-Inch Circular Saw with Single Beam Laser Guide for $64.98 (list price $136.84) 3M 6503QL Rugged Comfort Quick Latch Half Facepiece Reusable Respirator, Large for $14.60 (list price $22.88) Bosch GLM 80 265-Feet Lithium-Ion Laser Distance Measurer for $127.05 after instant discount at checkout (list price $249.00) DEWALT DWS779 12" Sliding Compound Miter Saw for $399.00 K 30 Auto Clean Drain Machine for $141.33 (list price $160.60) Stanley 33-115 10-Foot-by-1/4-Inch PowerLock Pocket Tape Rule for $4.99 (list price $9.75) MagnoGrip 311-090 Magnetic Wristband for $13.42 (list price $20.00) Leatherman - Wingman Multi-Tool, Stainless Steel for $30.89 (list price $34.50) Closet Motion Sensor Light, Cshidworld Wireless Portable Stick-on Anywhere 20-LED Night Lighting Bar Panty Cabinet Lamp(Battery Operated) for $15.58 (list price $25.99) Neiko 10671A 7-Inch Electric Polisher and Buffer | 6 Variable Speeds | UL/CUL Listed for $59.95 (list price $120.00) Zacro 18 in 1 Professional Opening Pry Tool Repair Kit with Non-Abrasive Nylon Spudgers and Pack of 8 Anti-Static Tweezers for $8.99 (list price $19.99) Black & Decker 15557 Drill Bit Set, 10-Piece for $5.99 (list price $7.00) Spend $100 on Select DEWALT Tools, Get $25 Off at Checkout SKIL 6445-04 7.0 Amp 1/2 In. Hammer Drill for $46.97 (list price $89.98) DEWALT DCF885C1 20V Max 1/4" Impact Driver Kit, for $99.00 (list price $139.00) Stanley J7CS 350 Amp Battery Jump Starter with Compressor for $39.98 (list price $79.99) Craftsman 3 pc. Locking Pliers Set for $24.99 (list price $44.99) Dremel MM30-04 Multi-Max 3.3-Amp Oscillating Tool Kit with Integrated Quick-Release Wrench and 11 Accessories for $82.00 (list price $172.63) Slime 1034-A T-Handle Tire Plug Kit for $8.06 (list price $9.95) Meguiar's Ultimate Liquid Wax - 16 oz. for $16.84 (list price $22.99) Rain-X 800002250 Glass Treatment Trigger - 16 fl oz. for $4.84 (list price $7.49) Streamlight 88704 Super TAC IR Long Range Infrared Active Illuminator for $85.59 (list price $156.06) DEWALT DWST17808 TSTAK I Long Handle Toolbox Organizer for $19.99 (list price $42.00) Pumie Toilet Bowl Ring Remover #TBR-6 for $9.37 (list price $14.33) SOG SH-02 Countertop Sharpener for $12.32 (list price $25.00) More from mental_floss...  11 Insane Features of Normal Human Anatomy  The History of CTRL + ALT + DELETE  10 Things Created Over a Couple of Beers  11 Weird Books That Really Exist November 21, 2016 - 12:19pm Share . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss How One Line of Text Nearly Killed 'Toy Story 2' The Murder of Rasputin: The 100th Anniversary of a Mystery That Won't Die No, Scientists Have Not Found a ‘New Organ’ POPULAR ON mental_floss 54 Fantastic Facts for National Trivia Day Where Your Favorite British TV Shows Take Place, Mapped Infographic: Signs You Should Not Accept that Job Offer POPULAR ON mental_floss Why Can’t You Buy Dippin’ Dots in Grocery Stores? 6 Bizarre Sharks That Live in the Deep Ocean “Mirrors With Memories”: Why Did Victorians Take Pictures of Dead People? POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Clever Moments of TV Foreshadowing You Might Have Missed There Are Now Only Two Living Members of the Shaker Faith The Map With Only 38 States POPULAR ON mental_floss 12 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Pharmacists 11 Gay Book Characters Turned Straight for the Movie Version 13 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Tattoo Artists POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Shocking Secrets of Flight Attendants ‘Aladdin’ Director Confirms Long-Held Fan Theory 25 Things Turning 25 in 2017 NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein BGR NewsNovember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Today’s list of the best paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free has some great options, and most of them have never appeared in one of these posts before. There’s also no telling if they’ll ever go on sale for free again, so definitely check them out and download them while you still can. DON’T MISS: The 5 best Black Friday sales you can shop right now These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Network Utility Pro network-utility-proMore Normally $0.99. ******** App and Widget were updated for iOS 10! Add to your notification center every available Network Info and Data Usage*. ******** With Network Utility you can quickly find all informations about your network. Information such as internal and external IP, network name, MAC address, gateway address, subnet mask and DNS addresses. In addition, with a single tap you can PING a domain, query a Whois server or use NSLookup function to discover every info about it. You can copy any information of the network that you are connected, simply tap on it! You can also copy result of Whois or NSLookup and paste it everywhere on your iOS device. An amazing real time graph help you to visualize PING response times, and Network Utility v4 has also real time stats. Network Utility 4.1 brings to you an advanced Data Usage monitor tool! Configure it, and see how much space you have left. The Geo IP tool allows you to to quickly geolocate a domain or IP in a matter of seconds. ——————————————————————————– DATA USAGE PLANS Daily Weekly Monthly 30 days 28 days (**NEW**) AVAILABLE NETWORK INFO Internet – ISP – IP – REACHABILITY STATUS – DNS – TOTAL SENT DATA – TOTAL RECEIVED DATA Wi-Fi – SSID – BSSID – IP – GATEWAY – MASK – MAC ADDRESS – SENT DATA – RECEIVED DATA Cellular – CARRIER – RADIO ACCESS TECHNOLOGY – VoIP SUPPORT – SENT DATA – RECEIVED DATA ——————————————————————————– PING OPTIONS – COUNT – WAIT – TIMEOUT – PACKET SIZE Download Network Utility Pro BusyCal busycalMore Read More Normally $2.99. BusyCal is a powerful, flexible calendar app for managing busy schedules, events and to dos. BusyCal’s unique features include customizable calendar views, integrated to dos, meeting scheduling, travel time, maps integration, natural language input, tags, alarms, search, weather, moons, birthdays, anniversaries, graphics and more. BusyCal provides reliable support for iCloud, Google Calendar, Exchange, Office 365, and other CalDAV servers, enabling you to sync and share calendars with other Macs and iOS devices running BusyCal or the built-in Calendar app. BusyCal for iOS is a full-featured mobile companion to BusyCal for Mac, the leading calendar solution for Mac OS X that thousands of users have trusted and depended on for years. Calendar Views • Display your calendar by Month, Week, Day or List. • Pinch and zoom to control the number of weeks shown per month, and days shown per week. • Customize the calendar appearance including calendar colors, weather, moons, birthdays, anniversaries, event times, week numbers and more. Events • Create events manually or automatically using natural language. • Choose from a wid range of attributes to display when viewing or editing events including travel time, time zones, attendees, contacts, tags, maps, last edit time, and more. • Add tags to events to track projects and important events. To Dos • To Dos are displayed directly in the calendar and carry-forward until completed. • To Dos can be undated, or scheduled to occur on a specific date or time. • To Dos can be scheduled to repeat daily, weekly, monthly, etc. • To Dos can be sorted and filtered by date, priority, calendar or title. • To Dos are compatible and sync with the Reminders app on Mac and iOS. Travel Time, Locations and Maps • Supports Location Services for adding locations to events. • Supports both Apple Maps and Google Maps for driving directions. • Travel time allows you to block out time to travel to an appointment. • Alarms can warn you in advance of travel time when it’s time to leave. Personalization • Display Birthdays and Anniversaries, including birthday age and anniversary number. • Display a live 10-day weather forecast. • Display phases of the moon. • Display graphics created in BusyCal for Mac. Sync and Share calendars • Sync and share calendars with iCloud, Google Calendar, Exchange, Office 365, Fruux, Yahoo, Kerio, Zimbra, OS X Server, SabreDAV and other CalDAV servers. • Sync with other Macs and iOS devices running BusyCal or the built-in Calendar app. More • Receive Inbox notifications of meetings and changes to events on shared calendars. • Search your calendar for past and future events and to dos. • Set default settings for events, to dos and alarms. Download BusyCal widget weather widget-weatherMore Normally $1.99. Even bad weather can be forecasted beautifully! widget weather will make any weather look good on your iPhone/iPad/Apple Watch! widget weather is a fully customizable weather app and widget. Pick your favorite weather symbols, detail level, font and backgroud color. There’s even two weather forecast services so pick the most accurate one for your location, and the weather forecast is saved locally for offline use. User reviews: -“I have tried every widget and this is by far the best. The pixelated weather animations are very cool. It has a ton of options and I like how you can double tap the widget to refresh the info.” -“Maybe the best weather widget on the appstore.” -“It’s simple, beautiful and does what it says.” -“LOVE THIS! Best weather app I’ve used so far!” ### There’s a free version available if you’d like to try before you buy. You’ll find “widget weather lite” under related apps ### Feature list: -Touch responsive meteogram -Two forecast styles: list and graph (meteogram) -Great customizable widget -Apple Watch support -Beautiful weather icon sets optimized for Retina and Retina HD! -The first and only widget for iOS with animated weather symbols -Customizable detail level (rain/wind/units etc.) -Font picker -Pick location from map or use GPS position -Two forecast services: openweathermap.org and met.no (met.no is the data provider for yr.no) -Choose how often new forecast data should be downloaded -Double tap to update manually (Great for saving data when roaming) -Tap to expand/collapse extends the visible forecast while using less space -Weather forecast in 23 languages -Universal for iPhone and iPad Usage tips: – Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life. – You can update manually by double tapping the widget. – Forecast data rarely changes more often than every 2 hours. ### To activate the widget, do the following: 1 Unlock the device 2 Pull down from the top of the screen to open the notification center. 3 Tap “Edit” at the bottom. 4 Press the green + sign next to “forecast”. Done! You can change the order of things by pulling the lines up/down while pressing the icon to the right of the name (3 lines) ### Widget control options: -tap current/detail view for expand/collapse -double tap current/detail view to force update -touch and drag graph to show details -select day to see graph or list of details for upcoming days ### Weather forecast available in: English, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Croatian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish and Ukrainian. App menus in English, Chinese Simplified, Danish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish and Swedish. Download widget weather MBE Stickers 2 mbe-stickers-2More Normally $0.99. MBE stickers 2 : These little happy faces stickers are waiting for you! Let’s check them out! Download MBE Stickers 2 KeyThemes Pro keythemes-proMore Normally $1.99. Bored with your default iOS keyboard? Set a CUSTOMIZED color keyboard to your system keyboard now with this app! Your color keyboard can be installed within moments. Just follow the simple tutorial inside of the app. You’ll be able to use the keyboard everywhere. Features – Different Styles – Compatible on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. – Easily install the keyboards within moments. Please note that this app is only compatible on iOS 8 devices and later. Download KeyThemes Pro DriveBox HD drivebox-hdMore Normally $1.99. Car app award 2014 *** UK APP & MOBILE DESIGN WINNERS 2014 FOR BEST CONNECTED APP *** DriveBox is an interactive intelligent vehicle app built for car, truck, motorcycle and all types of vehicle lovers and daily users. It brings all your content and in-car entertainment under one roof. Features include in-car gadgets, music, maps, video, calls, radio, widgets and much more for your ultimate driving experience. Unlock the retro speedometer and mount it to your dashboard or simply use our StreetView maps feature. Keep up to date with current in-car trends by utilizing an app takes your driving experience to the next level. Main features: Dashboard • Featured weather widget with forecasting • Display time and date data • Access your in-car gadgets Music • DriveBox utilises Apple’s CarPlay features to allow you to connect to your vehicle with Bluetooth (or cable) and use your steering wheel knobs to control your music • DriveBox EyesFree® gesture controls (simple gestures to browse and listen to your music) without ever taking your eyes off the road • DriveBox MusicFx® presents your music in a beautiful and minimal effects panel which also feature our Eyes Free gesture controls • Filter between Songs, Albums, Artists, Playlists and Audiobooks • Experience full graphic and visual richness with all your music artwork in full color • Repeat or shuffle your tracks for pleasure World Web Radio • Listen the world’s best radio from over 600 stations • Choose from many different countries, including your own Video • View your videos directly inside our player (non-DRM) • Access DRM (digital rights managed) video on your device • Filter between your Movies, TV Shows, Vodcasts and Personal Videos • Experience full graphic and visual richness with all your video artwork in full color Youtube • Search for Youtube videos directly in the DriveBox app • Videos presented in your search choice between HD and SD quality • View your video in full screen mode directly inside DriveBox app Calls • Pull in all your address book contacts directly into DriveBox app • Use of large buttons and typography for ease of calling • Integration of Skype® and FaceTime® • Connect your device via bluetooth for hands free conversations Maps • DriveBox StreetView presents a 360 degrees full color view of your desired destination point (available as in app purchase) • DriveBox StreetView displays desired destination weather information • Get directions to your chosen destinations with Apple Maps®, GMaps®, Waze®, Navigon®, TomTom® eSygic® Web Browser • Use our browser directly inside the DriveBox app • Access, save and edit your favorites for ease of use • Features forward and back buttons for a smooth and fluid interaction Download DriveBox HD Cleaner Pro cleaner-proMore Normally $2.99. * Over 2,000,000 people love Cleaner Pro :) * Easily Remove Duplicate Contacts! * MAIN FEATURES ○ Find & Merge duplicate contacts! ○ Remove contacts without name or phone number ○ One tap to backup your contacts! ○ Quickly find the contacts you need Your contacts are the most important data in your phone which easily becomes messy if not consistently updated. Cleaner Pro easily helps you detect and merge duplicate contacts. SIMPLY MERGE DUPLICATE CONTACTS ○ Find & Merge duplicate contacts! ○ Find & merge contacts with similar names. ○ Find & Merge contacts with duplicate phone or email. CLEANUP ○ Remove contacts without name ○ Remove contacts without phone & email BACKUP ○ One tap to backup your contacts! ○ Quickly export your backups to Dropbox, Google Drive, Email ○ Move contacts between accounts (Exchange, iCloud, Local Address Book) SMART FILTERS ○ Quickly find the contacts you need ○ Filter contacts by Company & Job title ○ Filter contacts by upcoming birthday & creation date AVAILABLE IN 15 DIFFERENT LANGUAGES English, Español, Français, Italiano, Deutsch, Português (Br.), 中文 (Simplified), 中文 (Traditional), 日本語, 한국어, Nederlands, Русский, Türkçe, العربية, עברית Cleaner Pro offers unlimited backups for your address book To keep your contacts even more protected, turn on Cleaner Pro to save every single change in your contact list, even when you are not using the app. Cleaner Pro allows you to restore your contacts from any mobile device for $9.99 a year through an auto-renewing subscription. Subscriptions will be charged to your credit card through your iTunes account. Your subscription will automatically renew unless cancelled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period You will not be able to cancel a subscription during the active period. You can manage your subscriptions in the Account Settings after purchase. Download Cleaner Pro Lowcost Airlines lowcost-airlinesMore Normally $1.99. We scan 105+ lowcost airlines and combine manually connected flights. We believe that the traditional method of researching airfare (i.e. using fixed departure and arrival dates, expanded by just a few days at best) is hopelessly outdated and does not serve the needs of today’s travelers. For that reason we created Lowcost – the low cost airfare search engine. Lowcost combines all available connections including those between different carriers and gives you the overview of cheapest options. And that all happens in just a blink of an eye. Currently our database covers most airports in Europe and many destinations in Africa, Middle East and Asia. Gradually we expand our portfolio with more and more airlines and airports. = Important notice = The information presented in this app is provided in good faith and every reasonable effort is made to ensure that it is accurate and up to date. Accordingly, this information is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. Lowcost excludes all warranties, either express or implied (including, but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, satisfactory quality or freedom from hidden defects). In no event shall Lowcost be liable for any damage arising, directly or indirectly, from the use of the information contained in this app including damages arising from inaccuracies, omissions or errors. Any person relying on any of the information contained in this app or making any use of the information contained herein, shall do so at its own risk. Lowcost hereby disclaims any liability and shall not be held liable for any damages including, without limitation, direct, indirect or consequential damages including loss of revenue, loss of profit, loss of opportunity or other loss. The information contained in this app may be changed or updated at any time without notice. Download Lowcost Airlines Lens Kit 360 Pro lens-kit-360-proMore Normally $2.99. Lens Kit 360 Memories deserve design, Contains 360 filters, Photos of your daily life and travelling can be depicted as the most memorable moment, Be a part of this awesome design expression through photography. MORE AWESOME FEATURES Lens Kit 360 provides 360 filter effects beloved by professional photographers, all conveniently packed in 10 different themes. Lens Kit 360 themes vary from the feel of film camera to the unique sets of classy moods or fun creativity, It’s time to make things look different! Download Lens Kit 360 Pro Say&Go Voice Notes say-go-voice-notesMore Normally $2.99. A powerful voice recorder for iPhone and Apple Watch. Just tap the icon, say a short note, and it becomes your reminder or you IMMEDIATELY find the note on Dropbox, Evernote or e-mail. All in just ONE TAP! Featured by Apple in Our Recommendations, Productivity and Business in Canada! 148apps: “Extremely convenient for those commuters who do serious planning and brainstorming on the road.” Apppicker: “With Say&Go you’ll never miss out on a great idea again!” Say&Go is not a yet another voice recorder – it is smart and efficient. To save a thought, all you have to do is just open the app and start speaking. Recording will start and stop automatically. Notes will be instantly transferred to your computer via Dropbox, Evernote or e-mail. With Apple Watch, the app is taken to a brand new level – now you can immediately record your thoughts and to-do’s by just raising your wrist. Perfect for multitaskers and GTD fans. Now you can do efficient brainstorming on the go without bothering with unnecessary taps to make and share notes. Lifehacker.com: “[…] This makes recording a short idea quickly surprisingly easy.” Top Business and Productivity app: #1 in Poland and Norway Top 3 in Canada, Italy, Finland Top 5 in the United States, China, New Zealand, Australia Top 10 in France, Singapore, India, the Netherlands, South Africa, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Thailand, Taiwan +++Main features:+++ • INSTANT START – recording starts as soon as you run the app*. • AUTOMATIC STOP – recording stops automatically once recording’s time limit (4-75 seconds – adjustable in Settings) has passed. • E-MAIL-TO-SELF functionality – record a note and automatically send it to your inbox. • EVERNOTE integration – use recordings to automatically create notes. • DROPBOX upload – automatically upload recordings to Dropbox. Take voice notes on your way to work and then just see them later on your computer. • QUICK REMINDERS – set reminders to go off within the next 60 minutes with one swipe. • REMINDERS – set specific reminders with date and time. • VOICE MESSAGES – recordings can be easily sent via Messages and e-mails. • LAUNCH CENTER PRO support – use shortcuts to make recording and sharing even faster. +++Doubts about time limit?+++ How much time do you need to capture an idea or to-do? Usually, a few seconds. That is why it is better to be QUICK and AUTOMATIC than endless and manual. Moreover, notes in Say&Go are short so they are efficient, succinct and concise. +++ Join us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/sayandgo *The autostart feature can be disabled in Settings. Apple Watch app is available on on watchOS 2.0. Please remember that using a mobile phone when driving may be dangerous and is strictly prohibited in many countries. Make sure you are using a Bluetooth headset as an input for recording and use the device’s built-in voice assisstant to open the app. USE SAY&GO RESPONSIBLY. Download Say&Go Voice Notes Trending right now: Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic Watch the new SNL sketch that pissed off Donald Trump yet again See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple to Stop Building Wifi Routers (Report) Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Shutterstock November 21, 2016 | 09:35AM PT Apple is getting out of the router business: The company has disbanded its wireless router team and assigned its members to other areas, according to a Bloomberg report. Apple declined to comment on the report. Apple hasn’t updated its routers since 2013. The company is currently selling two router models for $99 and $199 respectively, as well as a line of network-attached storage drives with integrated router starting at $299. Discontinuing the devices is unlikely to make a big dent in Apple’s bottom line Interestingly, Apple is leaving the router business just as one of its biggest competitors is getting into selling Wifi routers: Google started to ship its own router, simply called Google Wifi, this week. Google Wifi is supposed to make it easier to cover bigger houses or houses with older walls with blanket coverage by combining multiple routers. As others have noted, Apple’s departure from making routers also comes at the time of a technology shift from local networking to the cloud. New routers like Google Wifi often feature some sort of cloud tie-in, and many of the things that Apple’s router used to try to solve locally are now being provided through cloud services. This includes one feature baked into Apple’s entry-level Airport Express router, which doubles as a wireless music player. Users can plug their Airport Express into their stereo systems and then listen to music via AirPlay. That was a big deal when most people still had all of their music on their phones or computers. But these days, wireless speakers or cheap adapters like Google’s Chromecast Audio offer a much better experience when used in conjunction with cloud-based music services like Spotify or Pandora. Filed Under: AirPlay Apple Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 3:54PM PT Kim Kardashian Tearfully Breaks Silence on Robbery in ‘Keeping Up’ Teaser Trailer 2 Biz 2:06PM PT Intelligence Report Says That Putin Sought to Help Trump and ‘Denigrate’ Clinton 3 Film 1:21PM PT Box Office: ‘Rogue One,’ ‘Sing,’ ‘Hidden Figures’ Fight for Top Spot 4 Dirt 12:50PM PT Mike Myers Snags House-Sized Condo at Paparazzi-Proof Complex in New York City 5 Digital 12:20PM PT CES Trends: Get Ready for Your TV to Disappear Is the Academy Taking Tom Hanks for Granted? Dear Academy: Please Keep These Oscar Contenders in Mind Playback: Ava DuVernay on ‘13th,’ Donald Trump and a Weakened Democratic Party Golden Globe Film Predictions: Who Will Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Self-Publish Your Snapchat With One of These Hardcover Photo… Governator Bows Before President-Elect In 'Celebrity Apprentice'… Here's How to Win Four Pairs of Men's Shoes CBS Adds Episodes of Kevin Can Wait, Man With a Plan and Great… Obama's anger translator is back to say what everyone's thinking… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Watch Apple’s monstrous holiday 2016 advert Chris Davies - Nov 21, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The best holiday ads arguably tug the heart strings until, driven into a consumerism frenzy by “all the feels” and egg-nog, you max out all your credit cards. Apple has revealed its contribution to the festive season with its holiday 2016 commercial, and as you’d expect the iPhone maker carefully combines sentiment with its own shiny product. Less predictably, however, there’s also a leftover from Halloween. The advert – which you can see below – is dubbed “Frankie’s Holiday” and stars a Frankenstein’s Monster style creation with musical ambitions. His plan to serenade the villagers by their Christmas tree goes awry when his festive bulb accessories don’t play ball. Never fear, though: one plucky girl saves the day, everybody sings, Starbucks makes its cups red again not green, and the holidays are saved. Apple actually takes a fairly light hand when it comes to pitching product in the spot. It’s the iPhone 7’s time to shine, but all it’s demonstrated actually doing is recording the festive song from Frankie’s music box. That’s played back later, though it’s not entirely clear why he didn’t just take the music box itself with him. Still, the holidays don’t need to make sense, just persuade us to go out and shop. With that in mind, Apple has been cutting exclusivity deals with a number of products for its stores this season. If you want ROLI’s modular musical Blocks, for instance, the Apple Store is the only brick-and-mortar place you’ll find them over the next couple of months. The same is true for Play-Doh’s Touch Shape to Life Studio, a playset built around the moldable, reusable clay. Combined with an iPad app, characters created out of Play-Doh can be digitally captured and then taken around various learning adventures. It’s a clever use of digital and real toys, and will only be offered at Apple Stores for the time being. It’s all part of the company’s attempts to push a broader ecosystem than just its own products, relying on the strengths of third-party manufacturers rather than hoping to fill every niche itself. That can mean the discontinuation of Apple-made devices, like the Thunderbolt Display which was killed off earlier this year. Rather than replace it with a Thunderbolt 3 version itself, Apple opted to work with LG on 5K and 4K monitors that promise to work seamlessly with the new MacBook Pro. More recently, insiders suggest another of Apple’s product lines is facing the axe. The team responsible for the AirPort wireless router and other networking gear has reportedly been reassigned within the Cupertino firm, suggesting no future versions are in the pipeline. Apple bundled those products into its “Other” category in its financial reporting – along with things like Apple TV and Apple Watch – which contributes a relatively small percentage to the firm’s overall income. Sales, therefore, aren’t broken out individually, and so it’s unclear how many AirPort Extreme units it sold compared to more mass-market networking hardware makers like Belkin, D-Link, and Netgear. If you’re still on the fence about the latest Apple smartphone, meanwhile, or whether to pick the iPhone 7 or its larger, twin-camera iPhone 7 Plus sibling, we’ve got you covered. Our full iPhone 7 review has all the performance, camera samples, and battery testing you need to make up your mind. Story Timeline US Apple Stores now applying iPhone screen protectors with Belkin device Sonos PLAY:1, PLAY:5 comes to Apple.com, Apple Stores on Oct. 5 iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black now available at most US Apple Stores Tags AppleiPhoneiPhone 7 Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Latest Headlines Grillbot Pro debuts with Bluetooth 4.0 and grill cleaning cartridge Jan 6, 2017 Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA strike partnership to make an AI-powered car Jan 6, 2017 Riddell Precision-Fit tech uses 3D scanning for custom football helmets Jan 6, 2017 Audio-Technica unleashes new line of high-res earbuds and headphones Jan 6, 2017 Velocity Micro desktops updated with 7th-gen Intel Core processors Jan 6, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Share Tweet 33 innovations shaping the future of the iPhone Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics iPhone 7s release date rumours Apple Watch 2 Apple AirPods release date rumours Best iPhone buying guide 2017 spon-art Latest Apple Deals » Home Features iPhone Features iPhone 9 and beyond: 33 amazing features of the smartphone of the future iPhone 9 and beyond: 33 amazing future smartphone developments - graphene, supercapacitor batteries, chameleon design, solar energy, folding screens, motion charging Where is smartphone technology going? And what does the future hold for Apple's iPhones? What will they look like in 2018, 2020 and 2030? From graphene and supercapacitor batteries to holograms, folding or curved OLED screens, motion and solar charging, AR, self-healing batteries and chameleon design, we look ahead to 33 amazing innovations that are likely to shape the iPhone 9 and beyond by David Price | 19 Dec 16 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents Battery & charging developments Physical design Screen developments Camera Security & privacy Pricing Macworld poll - What do you want from your future iPhone? When will the iPhone 9 be released in the UK, and how different will it look from today's smartphones in terms of features, design and tech specs? And what about the new smartphones Apple launches in 2020 and beyond? What will the smartphone of the future look like? At Macworld we spend a lot of time wondering about the next generation of Apple devices (and if you share our curiosity, take a look at our iPhone 7s, iPhone 8, iPad mini 5, iPad Pro 2, Apple Watch 3 and Apple Car rumour articles). But sometimes it pays to take a step back and think about the longer term, and the bigger picture. Where is technology going? What does the future hold? And what will Apple's smartphones look like in 2018, in 2020, in 2030 and beyond? In this article we discuss some of the paths smartphone technology could take in the coming years, starting with the iPhone 9, which by current trends ought to appear somewhere between 2018 and 2020. (It all depends if Apple continues to release 'S' class upgrades between the full-number updates.) As we move further into the future our predictions will by necessity become more speculative, and many of these paths will no doubt turn out to be blind alleys. But we're happy to put on our future goggles and make some predictions about trends we're expecting in the next few years. If you want to know what kind of iPhone you'll be brandishing in the future, read on. Updated, 19 December 2016, with news of a patent that could enable Apple devices to warn users of environmental dangers; on 6 Dec, with news of new supercapacitor batteries that could enable an iPhone to charge in seconds and last for a week; on 21 Nov, with rumours related to VR and augmented reality; on 14 Nov, to discuss self-healing battery developments; on 7 Nov, to report on a patent for a folding iPhone; and on 17 Oct, to consider whether the iPhone 9 could be completely free (although there's a catch, of course!) Read next: iPhone buying guide | Best cheap iPhone deals UK iPhone 9 and beyond: Battery & charging developments Again and again the UK Tech Weekly Podcast returns to the topic of 'peak smartphone': the idea that the smartphone's golden period of rapid technological advances and wide experiential differences (between one generation and the next, or between one manufacturer and another) is now over. The smartphone has become commoditised, and there are only small, iterative differences between the phone that just launched and the one you bought last year - hence less incentive to upgrade. Smartphones are now essentially 'good enough'. Well, maybe. Perhaps the greatest potential growth area - yet, for various counterintuitive reasons, one of the most neglected thus far - is battery life. Battery tech keeps getting better, but smartphone makers (and Apple is just as guilty of this as anyone) keep cramming more power-hungry components into a slimmer chassis so the battery life ends up staying roughly the same. In the next few years, we suspect, battery life is going to become more of a priority for phone makers and consumers. Partly this is because phones are now about as slim and fast as anyone could ever want; but partly it's because some cool battery tech developments are starting to come within the reach of mobile consumer budgets. Content continues below Read more: How to improve iPhone battery life Stacked battery cells One persistent rumour holds that Apple will take the battery tech it developed for the original 12-inch MacBook (and retained for the 2016 version) - whereby contoured, layered battery units are stacked inside the chassis in order to take up every possible inch of space - and use these to squeeze more battery capacity inside the fixed or even reduced volume that will be available in future iPhones. Apple could even, thanks to the new technology, make more radical changes to the overall design of the iPhone, because its engineers would no longer to base their work on a fixed battery shape. Although the smartphone is such a mature market now that it would take a brave manufacturer to change its essential form - a bit like a mad microwave designer inventing one that's spherical. Lithium-air batteries The capacity and efficiency of batteries is sure to increase over the next few years, and may do so dramatically if lithium-oxygen cells (also known as lithium-air) become a reality. As a Nature study (you'll need to pay to read the full article) explains, Li–O2 batteries offer theoretically far higher lifetimes than the lithium-ion equivalents currently favoured in mobile devices - maybe as much as five times as much, although technological issues remain. But we're still thinking in terms of conventional battery principles: batteries than need to be charged up from a mains supply, and then run down, and then need to be charged up again. Motion charging A different approach is offered by technologies such as motion charging, a principle that has been used in numerous watches going back many years and was reportedly considered by Apple when putting together the first Apple Watch. It uses kinetic energy from your own movements to charge up a battery cell - the traditional model would be for a wristwatch to harness the power of your arm swinging back and forth throughout the day, but similar methods have been used by wearable phone chargers that generate sufficient power in this way to give an extra hour of life to the average phone from a mere, er, 5,000 steps. Okay, so the tech needs improvement to achieve mass-market acceptance, and it would be better still if technology of this kind could be integrated into the body of the phone itself (it's also vital for it to be able to collect a worthwhile amount of power from the smaller-scale movements experienced by a phone in a pocket or handbag rather than on the end of an arm). But it's an appealingly sustainable way of collecting some of that energy you're otherwise wasting on things like 'moving from one place to another' and 'getting fit'. Solar A similar technology category that seems likely in the foreseeable future to supplement rather than supplant traditional battery-charging methods is solar power. Sunpartner Technologies has developed a lightweight skin/case that wraps around a mobile device and collects energy from light that falls on it. This is designed to work with both indoor and natural light, but is obviously better with the latter; in the right circumstances the tech could add some 10 to 15 percent to battery life. Apple, of course, has been committing itself to a greener approach for some time now, and a patent awarded in 2015 demonstrates this strategy in action. The patent suggests that Apple is planning to build solar cells underneath the touchscreen on smartphones in future. The panel would recharge during the day and you wouldn't need to plug your phone into the socket any more. Good for the planet, convenient for us. Solar clothing So much for solar cells on your phone itself. But that's a relatively small area for collecting energy. What about the clothed surface area on your body? University researchers have developed 'smart fibres' that can be used to create clothing that collects and stores solar energy throughout the day, then recharge portable devices that are running low on power. The fibres contain a dye-sensitised solar cell and a fibre supercapacitor, and can be cut and tailored without disrupting the operation of the energy collection process. "Energy harvesting is significant," said Paul Weiss, editor-in-chief of ACS Nano, to Mashable. "Will clothing be a significant contributor to the power we acquire and use? We do not know yet. But as a field, we are exploring these ideas in addition to addressing the question of 'how' energy harvesting might work." There remain obstacles to overcome before solar clothing drops into the mainstream; for one thing, the dye used in this particular execution of the concept is environmentally unfriendly, according to the research team, containing potentially dangerous volatile organic compounds. The textile also isn't waterproof. But give it a few years and we could all be wearing the stuff. Rigoberto Advincula, a professor of macromolecular science at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, estimated that the first commercial product using this textile device could become available in about the next five years - most likely starting with military and outdoors applications. Recycling a phone's wasted energy While we're on the subject of energy-harvesting, technology exists right now that can recapture energy emitted from your phone in the form of radio waves (the wasted ones, not the ones essential to communication) and then feed it back into the battery. This isn't a long-term solution: some energy will inevitably be lost through emitted waves alone, and you've got all the power being used running the internal components and lighting up the screen, among other issues. But it means your battery runs down slower - 25 to 30 percent, the makers say. These three in their present form - niche, semi-experimental, relatively costly, non-integrated, offering significant but not experience-changing increases to battery life and just generally a bit of a faff - are not enormously appealing to the average smartphone owner. But if we jump ahead 10 years, maybe less, imagine an iPhone with all three (and similar related tech) built discreetly into the case: harvesting energy from your bodily movements, from ambient light, and from the phone's own emitted radio waves. To the extent that battery life ceases to be a concern - to the extent, perhaps, where mobile batteries become self-sustaining. What a thought. We are indebted for the help we gained when writing the above thoughts to Technology Review's helpful summary of the future of battery technology. Self-healing battery tech We're seeing lots of exciting breakthroughs in the field of battery technology. Most relate to more efficient and environmentally friendly ways of charging a battery. One of the weirdest focuses on another aspect entirely: mending a battery cell after it gets broken. Researchers at the University of California, led by Amay Bandodkar, have created working examples of batteries containing magnetised particles that pull themselves back together after being snapped into two pieces as a form of makeshift self-healing. (You can read the study here.) And the principle isn't limited to batteries: the researchers have also tested self-healing circuits and sensors. Could a future smartphone use this development to mend itself after a catastrophic breakage? Probably not, although some version of it, a long way down the line, could make the internals of our consumer electronics better able to carry on working after suffering serious damage. (At present the healing process is more of a temporary workaround than a long-term fix.) The most likely applications, certainly in the short to medium term, lie in the field of low-cost electronic wearables. (Via Popular Mechanics.) Supercapacitor batteries 'that charge in seconds and last for a week' A team of researchers at the University of Central Florida have come up with a tiny battery, based on supercapacitor technology, which charges much faster, lasts longer between charges and has a far longer lifespan that the batteries currently used in smartphones around the world. Scientists report that the little battery needs to be charged for only a few seconds and will then last for days. And whereas typical lithium-ion batteries show deteriorating performance after 300 to 500 full charges, this battery is good for 30,000 charges. Picture credits: ACS Nano (left), UCF (right) Nitin Choudhary, a member of the research term, said that if you replaced smartphone batteries with the supercapacitors, "you could charge your mobile phone in a few seconds and you wouldn’t need to charge it again for over a week". The researchers stressed that the technology is not yet close to commercial applications. "But this is a proof-of-concept demonstration and our studies show there are very high impacts for many technologies," said Yeonwoong Jung, an assistant professor with joint appointments at the NanoScience Technology Centre and the Materials Science and Engineering Department. (Via Wired) iPhone 9 and beyond: Physical design iPhones are that lethal combination of expensive and fragile that results in so much consumer heartache. The result is that each iPhone owner has to make their own deal with the devil: either wrapping it in a robust case, thereby masking the handsome design that they paid all that money for in the first place, or risk pavement damage every time they take the thing out of a pocket. This may not be the case in the future, given the wide range of futuristic durable supermaterials that could be used on the iPhones of 2020. In this section we look at the design developments that could make the iPhone 9 and later tougher than you could possibly imagine... as well as other fun changes to the exterior design. Read next: How to repair a cracked iPhone screen Sapphire iPhone screens are already far tougher than your average piece of glass (they're made of a proprietary material called Gorilla Glass), but they do sometimes crack or even shatter when dropped. Sapphire screens would be more resistant still, and Apple is already using sapphire in the display of the Apple Watch: it's possible that the company is now ready to import this material into its smartphone line-up. Rumoured plans to rely on an Apple-backed sapphire plant in Arizona (which had the capacity to manufacture 200 million 5-inch iPhone displays per year) fell through. But more recent reports suggest that long-term Apple supplier Foxconn is gearing up to build its own sapphire plant in Taiwan at a cost of $2.6bn. Read more: What is Sapphire glass, and why is it a good idea for the iPhone? Chameleon design In the form of the Kambala, Ilshat Garipov of Yanko Design has come up with a mad concept: a smartphone that clips on to your ear, like a Bluetooth earpiece, and then changes colour to match the side of your face so that it becomes essentially invisible. To quote the firm: "A continuous flexi-screen with plenty of sensors makes up the surface and has the ability to transmit the image on the inside of the phone to the outside. It does a chameleon act by blending in with your skin tone when you clip it to your ear." It's a bit like the invisible car in Die Another Day. And, needless to say, just a concept at this point. We love the idea, though. Curved design In August 2016, it was reported by Patently Apple that Apple filed patents for a curved glass iPhone with virtual buttons on the sides. If accurate, this could be somewhat like the rumoured OLED bar on the expected new MacBook Pro, but time will tell. The patent images also show a curved glass screen similar to that which we have now seen made popular by Samsung's Galaxy S6 edge and S7 edge. This has helped to fuel the rumours that Apple is planning a major redesign for the iPhone to coincide with the tenth anniversary of the iPhone. Either way, it'll have to be significantly different to Samsung's efforts if Apple is to avoid accusations of plagiarism. Then again, most smartphones of the past decade have aped the original iPhone, so we're sure that wouldn't prove problematic for Apple - particularly since these patents show its legal right to product the devices in this way. ...or a bendable iPhone In January 2015 Apple was awarded a patent that suggests that the company is investigating the idea of a flexible iPhone (and we're not talking about the Bendgate kind). The patent suggests that, by making the iPhone flexible, Apple could unlock a new range of controls: the user could open an app by bending the device in a particular way, for example, or use the flexibility to control a game. It's an intriguing if seemingly far-fetched concept. Additionally, a flexible iPhone flexible ought to be more resistant to impacts and therefore more durable. But we'll discuss a key element in the idea of a flexible iPhone - a screen that can bend without breaking - in the screen tech section. An illustration from Apple's new patent. As one of Patently Apple's commenters points out, it looks a bit like an "iPhone DS" As an update, in November 2016 Apple was granted another patent for a bendable smartphone, sparking further speculation that the iPhone 8 or more realistically iPhone 9 could be designed with a folding chassis. Patent 9,485,862, spotted by Patently Apple, refers somewhat obliquely to 'Electronic devices with carbon nanotube printed circuits': the carbon nanotubes are the means by which the devices can be folded. It was filed back in August 2014 but was finally granted on 1 November 2016. "Carbon nanotubes may be patterned to form carbon nanotube signal paths on the substrates," reads part of the patent's summary. "The signal paths may resist cracking when bent. A bent portion of a carbon nanotube signal path may be formed in a portion of a flexible substrate that traverses a hinge or other flexible portion of an electronic device." Project Phire Corning, the company that makes Gorilla Glass, responded to the looming threat of sapphire glass in early 2015 with the announcement of an ultra-hardened composite material codenamed Project Phire. James Clappin, president of Corning Glass Technologies, told investors: "We told you last year that sapphire was great for scratch performance but didn't fare well when dropped. So we created a product that offers the same superior damage resistance and drop performance of Gorilla Glass 4 with scratch resistance that approaches sapphire." Apple never discusses the materials it uses for iPhone screens, but it's great news for consumers that suppliers are jostling to provide the best and most durable screen glass for their smartphones. Read more about Project Phire here. Graphene Sapphire glass is already being used on the non-Sport models of the first-gen Apple Watch and on every model of the Apple Watch Series 2, and Project Phire appears to be in a reasonably advanced state of development, but we're getting closer to the realms of science-fiction. Graphite, the material used in standard pencils, is made up of stacks of sheets of carbon, each one only a single atom thick. This is why it's so good for writing: the layers naturally slide off on to the paper. But graphene is a different matter. Graphene is what you get if you're clever enough to isolate one of the layers in graphite, leaving you with a substance that's effectively two-dimensional. It's the thinnest substance known to man, about a million times thinner than a human hair, and for that matter quite possibly the strongest (it's 100 times stronger than steel) and a phenomenally good electrical conductor - 1,000 times better than copper. Oh, and it's virtually transparent, too. All of which makes graphene an exciting prospect for tech manufacturers. Most obviously, it would make for a tremendously durable coating material for the screen (and would lend itself to bendable displays, too) or indeed any part of the device; but it could really appear in almost any of the sections of this article. Graphene would be a superior replacement for silicon in processor chips, or could be used to make more efficient batteries and solar cells. It's marvellous stuff. We're also pleased to report that graphene is British - sort of. It was discovered by the Soviet-born physicist Andre Geim at the University of Manchester, where it continues to be studied. (Entertainingly, Geim is the only scientist so far to be awarded both a Nobel and an Ig Nobel prize. Suck it, Planck!) If you'd like to read more about graphene, I strongly recommend the New Yorker's article on the subject. Viscoelastic material Let's move on from the screen and talk about new durable materials for the rest of the iPhone. How about a bit of drop-resistance? Based on patent activity, Apple is devising a viscoelastic material that would absorb impacts. The material would cover Apple devices and make them survive drops far better. The patent could make sense in all of Apple's mobile devices and laptops, but the iPhone is the obvious area to begin. The ability to spit out water A patent published on 12 November 2015 suggests a peculiar but rather appealing solution to the waterlogging issue that has afflicted iPhones in the past (but shouldn't in future, since the iPhone 7 is rated IP67 water-resistant): a mechanism that lets an iPhone dry itself by pumping liquid out through its speaker grills. Patent application 20150326959, wonderfully, is called LIQUID EXPULSION FROM AN ORIFICE. "The embodiments described herein are directed to an acoustic module that is configured to remove all or a portion of a liquid that has accumulated within a cavity of the acoustic modules," the patent's summary reads. The concept is centred around modules within the speaker cavities that can be made hydrophobic to a greater or lesser degree, depending on the charge applied to them: when liquid is detected, charges would be applied across the various modules in such a way that the liquid would be moved across the modules and ultimately expelled from the cavity. Interestingly, Apple has used something along these lines in the Apple Watch Series 2, which can clear water out of its little speaker cavity by vibrating the speaker membrane: Environmental sensors in the sensor cavity Apple has applied for a patent, as spotted by AppleInsider, that relates to speaker cavities that feature environmental sensors. In theory the sensors would be able to analyse the air (or liquid) inside the cavity and report on the temperature, oxygen or carbon monoxide levels and so on. Your iPhone, some way down the line, could warn you of toxic gases in the vicinity, although it could be a better fit for the Apple Watch. iPhone 9 and beyond: Screen developments The screen is an iPhone's centrepiece and crowning glory: the medium via which you interact with your phone and your phone tells you about the world. iPhones don't historically tend to have the best screen resolution (despite the claims made on behalf of its proprietary Retina screen rating), but they are solidly sharp and highly responsive - and occasionally Apple evens adds new features, such as 3D Touch and Night Shift. Here's where we see the iPhone screen heading in the next few years. Edgeless display... According to a Wall Street Journal source, an iPhone in the near future may feature an edgeless display - but what is that, exactly? According to the publication, Apple is to redesign the iPhone for the 10th anniversary and that the changes "could include an edge-to-edge organic light-emitting diode, or OLED, screen" without a physical Home button. John Gruber also commented on the upcoming redesign, claiming that Apple is to remove the bezels surrounding the display, providing users with an iPhone that looks almost like a sheet of glass.  "I've heard this independently and it is completely getting rid of the chin and forehead of the phone," Gruber said. "The entire face will be the display. And the Touch ID sensor will be somehow embedded in the display. The front-facing camera will somehow be embedded in the display. The speaker, everything. All the sensors will somehow be behind the display. "What I don't know, and I have no idea, is whether that means that they're going to shrink the actual thing in your hand to fit the screen sizes we already have, or whether they're going to grow the screens to fit the devices we're already used to holding… I don't know." ...flexible or curved display... The Nikkei report we linked to earlier predicts that autumn 2017 will see a massive triple iPhone launch, and that the flagship model of this trio will feature a curved OLED screen that curves down over the sides. This is something we've already seen on rival devices, such as Samsung's S7 Edge and Note 7; it enables more screen space to be squeezed on to a device without making it any bigger, and you can also have notifications designed to be seen or activated on the edge of the screen. "There will be a 4.7-inch model, another that will be 5.5 inches and a premium handset that will be either 5.5-inches or larger equipped with a screen bent on the two sides," said Nikkei's source, who is "familiar with Apple's plans". As Nikkei notes, curved OLED screens are Samsung's speciality: if Apple chooses to go down this path, we could end up in the curious situation where Samsung supplies Apple with the screens to create a Note 7 killer. Then again, that wouldn't be the oddest situation those two companies have got themselves into, after continuing to work together while pursuing multi-billion-dollar lawsuits against one another in courtrooms around the globe. Apple's Patent 9,146,590 refers to an "electronic device with wraparound display", and describes a curved screen that allows for more screen elements to be displayed without making the device significantly bigger. (Remember that the illustrations rarely represent what the designer has in mind. In theory the display could wrap entirely around the device, or at least extend over one edge like the Note Edge.) While the patent talks about a "flexible display assembly", it's important to note that this isn't a patent for a bendable screen: the flexible portion of the display is attached to the interior surface of the curved transparent housing, which "provides a rigid support structure that prevents deformation". But true flexibility can't be ruled out in the medium to long term. There are rumours, indeed, that Samsung could be making the display for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and that these would be flexible OLED screens - ET News says Samsung is investing billions in new factories and equipment to keep up with Apple's display orders for its next iPhones. And bendy display proofs of concept have been common for several years. We think such a radical step is more likely to come to fruition closer to the end of the decade, particularly for a company as cautious as Apple when it comes to updating the designs of established and successful products. ...3D display... An iPhone in the near future could come with a 3D display, according to Economic Daily News, which claims that Apple supply chain partner TPK is working on a project that relates to "naked eye 3D screen" - in other words, a 3D screen that doesn't require glasses to see. Having to pop on a pair of 3D specs every time you use the phone would be a buzzkill. ...or hologram cells But 3D is very 2009, isn't it? We'd like to see Apple go a step beyond and really capture our imagination with a hologram display, able to project the screen image as a three-dimensional hologram you can view from different angles and even interact with. You might have to wait a while for this one. At the moment about the best you can manage from a consumer smartphone is a 'holographic effect', based on eye-tracking technology. Not quite what we're looking for, but still fun: Bezel-free design On 17 May 2016, Apple filed a patent to have a bezel-free device. A bezel-free device would definitely turn a few heads. An image render and concept by Marek Weidlich shows us what the iPhone might look like with no bezels. The conceptual idea looks great and would show that Apple is still innovating in the smartphone space. Augmented reality and VR Just as the Magic Bar (or, as it turned out to be called, the Touch Bar) quickly became the dominant rumour related to the 2016 MacBook Pro, augmented reality is an early contender for the 2017 iPhone refresh. Business Insider claims Apple is already working on a new augmented reality feature, and this followed a Facebook post in which Robert Scoble predicted that "really amazing VR/AR/mixed reality is coming [to iPhone]... and coming by the end of 2017. Apple's entrance into this new world is like when IBM came into the personal computing world. It is that important." Scoble adds: "The clear iPhone will put holograms on top of the real world like Microsoft HoloLens does. You'll look through the glass in mixed reality modes (think of a new kind of Pokemon game) either in the headset, or in your hand." 2017 will mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone's debut back in 2007, and some pundits expect Apple to mark the occasion with a truly spectacular update. And augmented reality could be exactly the flagship feature the company is looking for. But it's unlike Apple to dwell on the past; with a small number of exceptions (1997's Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh, which we called "the most indulgent, over-engineered personal computer ever created", and the recent coffee-table book showcasing classic Apple designs), the company prefers to look ahead rather than focusing on its history. If Apple has something this big planned for the iPhone 8/iPhone 7s next year, we'll soon start getting wind of it through supply-chain leaks. But if not, it's entirely possible that AR will have to wait until the year after - and the iPhone 9. Read more: Apple VR and augmented reality rumours Sidewall displays Concept illustration by Michael Shanks. In May 2014, Apple was granted a patent for "Electronic devices with sidewall displays", which could lead to future iPhones with displays around the sides and edges as well as on the front. The patent suggests that the sidewall displays could be an extension of the main touchscreen, and they could have interactive or touch-sensitive portions. Apple suggests that sidewall screen space could be used to display app icons, or for slide-to-unlock functionality, music player controls, messaging readout, caller ID, system controls and more. Samsung has actually released the Galaxy Note Edge, which has a display that wraps around one edge of the smartphone. You can find out more about the Galaxy Note Edge here. Touch ID display Apple is understood to be exploring the possibility of integrating the Touch ID fingerprint scanner into the display of a smartphone or tablet. In fact, Apple filed a patent describing a Touch ID display back in January 2013.  This technology means that you could place your finger on the display to scan it, instead of the Home Button. We're not sure if this technology was an original variation to the Home Button scanner found on the iPhone 5S, or if it'll be combined with the Haptics & Tactile technology to remove the Home Button on a future iPhone and replace it with a virtual on-screen button. The patent describes a touchscreen display with a fingerprint-sensing layer that could be used to introduce advanced multi-user support. For example, Apple could use the fingerprint sensing display to only allow particular users to open certain apps. This could be useful for those with children who like to explore the iPad, for example. Additionally, Apple could take the display even further. It could be used in conjunction with a piano app, for example, to teach users the correct finger placement for the instrument. Accident-free buttons Accidental touchscreen inputs are so commonplace that we actually added the phrase 'Pocket dialling' to our tech jargon dictionary. Well, developments over the next few years could put a stop to that. In May 2014, a patent titled "Configurable Buttons for Electronic Devices" described a touch-sensitive button designed to prevent accidental inputs. The patent covers a physical button that also has a touch sensor, which would know when a user's finger is touching it rather than another object in a bag. The buttons highlighted in Apple's patent include the power, sleep, menu, volume and multipurpose buttons that are physical on most devices and therefore susceptible to accidental input. Apple's Touch ID home button uses similar technology to the technology described in this patent, though it's also used as a security measure thanks to a fingerprint scanning authentication method. iPhone 9 and beyond: Camera The iPhone is one of the most widely used cameras in the world. What's in store for this vital element of the iPhone of the future? Anti-recording patent In June 2016, Apple filed a patent to prevent people from recording at concerts through an infrared signal. This is to address the complaints made by artists of fans simply pulling out their phones to record a show or concert, rather than experiencing it first-hand. The patent has been met with some critics; with some saying it invades their privacy. Others have seen it as a good move for artists and those who want a non-smartphone environment. This can also be used in an educational way, with an infrared signal used to give more details about a certain object, such as a plant. It's still not clear how the technology will really be utilised, but it's clear that Apple is thinking about it. Light splitter Lucky iPhone owners of the future may get their hands on a feature currently offered only by premium video cameras. In March 2015 Apple was granted a patent for a "digital camera with light splitter". Its project is to create a light splitter system (which for now exists only in high-end video camera) small enough to fit in an iPhone. In essence, a light splitter system consists of a cube that splits received light into three colours: red, green and blue. The cube provides three image sensors, each of which receives one colour component. In recent iPhones, the camera system is such that its pixels capture the three component colours which end up occupying only a single image sensor; this means that they can fill only one third of the image sensor and colours are not as accurate as they could be. The light splitter system would be a big coup for Apple. Its iPhone would be able to capture high-quality pictures with more precise colours, especially at night. 'Super-resolution' photos Apple seems to be keen to improve the camera capabilities of its iOS devices, and one patent published by USPTO in May 2014 suggests we could soon see iPhones that are able to capture "Super-resolution" photos thanks to optical image stabilisation, which is already a feature of the iPhone 6 Plus. The patent describes a system that takes a series of photographs at slightly different angles and stitches them together to create a 'super resolution' photograph. Apple doesn't suggest a device would capture every photo this way. Instead, the user would have the option to turn super-resolution mode on, much like HDR and Panorama modes. Several rumours suggest that Apple plans to introduce a feature like this with an iPhone in the near future, with reports pointing to a 'DSLR-quality' capability that would represent the biggest camera jump in iPhone upgrade history. Interchangeable camera lenses Apple is also investigating the possibility of making interchangeable iPhone camera lenses. In January 2014, the company was issued two patents that describe methods of attaching camera modules to devices such as the iPhone and iPad. The first patent, titled "Back panel for a portable electronic device with different camera lens options", describes a portable electronic device that has a removable case that would allow camera attachments such as wide-angle or fisheye lenses. The second patent, titled "Magnetic add-on lenses with alignment ridge," offers an alternative method of attaching new camera lenses to the iPhone using magnets. It's already possible to use detachable iPhone camera lenses, of course, but at present those are exterior accessories made by third parties. You can read about our pick of the best iPhone camera lens accessories here: Best iPhone camera lenses. iPhone 9 and beyond: Security & privacy Apple has come out strongly in favour of user privacy, as was demonstrated in its recent tussle with the FBI in the US. But what technoloigcal developments can it offer to back this up? An iPhone that can capture thieves' fingerprints US patent 20160248769, a patent that Apple applied for in April 2016 and was published on 25 August of the same year, suggests that the company is considering the introduction of a security feature that would capture biometric data, such as fingerprints, audio, photos or video footage, from anyone who tries to steal your iPhone. The patent, headed Biometric capture for unauthorised user identification, describes how a device "may determine to capture biometric information in response to the occurrence of one or more trigger conditions", these conditions potentially including "detection of potential unauthorised use". It goes on to specify that this will be achieved "without making said unauthorised user aware of said capture". To assist in identifying and tracking down the thief, this data is ("in various implementations") transmitted to the company's servers. It all sounds quite appealing - most of us have enjoyed the tale of a thief getting caught out when they take an unwitting selfie on a laptop's webcam or similar - but some might question whether hackers, advertisers or law enforcement might like to put this function to more sinister use, capturing our own biometric data and using it against us. In situations like this, Apple's strong track record of protecting its users privacy is a great reassurance; although the iCloud photo leaks were only a couple of years ago… Face-detection and iris-recognition In December 2014, USPTO awarded Apple a patent relating to a "personal computing device control using face detection and recognition". Current iPhones and iPads can be unlocked using just your fingerprint, thanks to the Touch ID sensor. But with this patent, future iPhones and other devices could be unlocked using facial recognition: effectively, your face becomes your password. More recently, DigiTimes has predicted - citing that old favourite, "industry sources" - that Apple is likely to launch iPhones equipped with iris-recognition technology in 2018. This rumour was reiterated at the end of August when Digitimes reported that Taiwan-based Xintec is expected to provide iris scanners to Apple for the iPhone launching in 2017, and that this would help boost the company's revenues significantly next year. Once this technology becomes widespread - and you should expect other firms to launch phones with the feature before Apple, with DigiTimes predicting that Samsung for one will get there in the second half of 2016 - you'll be able to unlock your iPhone by scanning your eye. Is that really more convenient than scanning a fingerprint, though? It's more excitingly futuristic, admittedly. Attack detection mode In March 2014, USPTO published an Apple patent filing that could be used to protect iPhone owners when they're in distress. The patent, titled "Mobile emergency attack and failsafe detection", describes a feature that combines software and hardware to create an emergency services request system that's build in to a smartphone such as the iPhone. Using the iPhone's sensors, the software could detect when the user is in an emergency situation such as a physical attack or car crash and automatically call for help. Users can set a predefined set of contact numbers, or use the iPhone's automatic service to call local 999 numbers. It can also make use of the GPS to detect the location of the user and call the contact that's closest. To avoid an abundance of 999 calls being placed unnecessarily, the service has a number of modes and measures in place, such as audible warnings that a call is about to be made. iPhone 9 and beyond: Pricing While we imagine how the iPhone 9 could look, it's also worth speculating about its pricing model, which could be drastically different to the one we're used to. The smartphone market is booming, especially in the Western world, and as competition heats up, we imagine that smartphone providers and manufacturers alike will want to tempt customers with ever-more attractive deals. Could we even see the iPhone 9 being given away for free? While this may sound ridiculous on the surface, there's method in the madness. Users are accustomed to seeing adverts throughout their mobile device - on websites, in apps, before (and sometimes during) online videos - could it get to a point where smartphone adverts appear on more intrusive places, such as the lock screen, in return for a partial or total discount on the phone itself?  While we're still some way off network providers giving away free smartphones in return for intrusive ads, it's not as unimaginable as some may think. Take Tesco, for example - Tesco has worked with an Australian company called Unlockd which developed the Tesco Mobile Xtras app. The idea of the app is to show pre-approved adverts as soon as you unlock your phone, and while this may seem annoying to some, if you view an ad a day for 21 days, you'll get £3 off your monthly bill. Yes, there's a difference between £3 a month and a free iPhone, but the potential is there.  iPhone 9 and beyond: Macworld poll - What do you want from your future iPhone? It's your turn. Which of these ideas appeals to you, or are you looking for something else entirely? Have you say in our poll. Tags: iPhone Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Trending Stories 160 best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games: Amazing iOS games you need to play How to change Apple ID: How to create, reset, remove or delete an Apple ID AirPods review: Apple's AirPods bring true intelligence to wireless earbuds Read More Comments Latest Stories iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price 05 Jan 17 How to use VR on a Mac: Can you play VR games on OS X? 05 Jan 17 How to use GeForce Now on Mac | GeForce Now for PC and Mac explained 05 Jan 17 Read More Latest Apple Rumours macOS Sierra best new features | Complete guide to macOS Sierra 25 Oct 16 New MacBook 2016 release date, price, specs rumours UK 09 Dec 16 New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist 05 Jan 17 Read More Latest Apple Reviews AirPods review: Apple's AirPods bring true intelligence to wireless earbuds 04 Jan 17 MacBook Pro Touch Bar vs MacBook Pro 2016 02 Jan 17 Apple Watch 2 review | Apple Watch Series 2 review: Virtually perfect 21 Dec 16 Read More Latest Apple Reviews Advertisement Mi Mix review: Revolutionary Xiaomi Mi Mix is breathtaking with its bezel-less display, gorgeous… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Jon Burgerman talks doodling on Instagram video, creating animated stickers & spontaneous creativity Apple AirPods review: Apple's beautiful new Bluetooth headphones bring true intelligence to… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple wireless routers reportedly face axe Eric Abent - Nov 21, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It may not be long before Apple pulls the plug on its wireless router business. New reports claim that Apple has disbanded its router division, meaning that it’s not likely we’ll see a refreshed AirPort moving forward. When you combine this report with the fact that there hasn’t been a new AirPort release since 2013, it seems like the writing may be on the wall. The report comes from Bloomberg, which spoke to unnamed sources close to the situation. According to them, Apple has reassigned the engineers that were once tasked with developing AirPorts to other divisions, moving focus away from routers. This reassignment is a process that has been playing over the course of a year, so it sounds like wireless routers have been dying a slow death over at Apple HQ. This isn’t the first product that Apple has shifted focus away from in 2016. Apple also decided to stop making external monitors this year, and with reports of it dropping AirPort development, we see a company that is narrowing focus. There’s still plenty for Apple to focus on, too, from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus to the freshly-released lineup of new MacBook Pro models. It isn’t really surprising to hear that Apple may be trimming some divisions in favor of ones that pull in more cash. The AirPort isn’t exactly one of the more popular devices on Apple’s roster, so if ending production means it has more manpower to focus on iPhone, iPad, and Mac, then the company is probably going to jump on the idea. It may need that extra manpower if rumors about the iPhone 8 turn out to be true. 2017 is the ten-year anniversary of the first iPhone’s launch, and a lot of rumors claim Apple will be pulling out all of the stops with the phone it delivers next year. We’ll see if Apple decides to make an official announcement about the end of the AirPort, so stay tuned. SOURCE: Bloomberg Story Timeline Apple Airport devices out of stock in many stores, does that mean a refresh is coming? New Apple AirPort Extreme and Time Capsule confirmed in Airport Utility update Apple AirPort Extreme gets tiny blip of an update Apple AirPort Express updated with dual-band Wi-fi Apple AirPort Extreme and Time Capsule update fixes Heartbleed vulnerability Tags ApplerouterrumorWireless Router Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Latest Headlines Grillbot Pro debuts with Bluetooth 4.0 and grill cleaning cartridge Jan 6, 2017 Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA strike partnership to make an AI-powered car Jan 6, 2017 Riddell Precision-Fit tech uses 3D scanning for custom football helmets Jan 6, 2017 Audio-Technica unleashes new line of high-res earbuds and headphones Jan 6, 2017 Velocity Micro desktops updated with 7th-gen Intel Core processors Jan 6, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Stock Indices' Strong Closings Mask Underlying Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer on Apple's Downgrade: I Believe R&D Matters Jim Cramer comments on Apple's downgrade by Oppenheimer analysts on Monday. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Nov 21, 2016 12:02 PM EST TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer comments Apple's ( AAPL) downgrade by Oppenheimer & Co. analysts on Monday. "I wanted [Apple] to buy Harman International ( HAR) - I've wanted them to buy so many different things. Apple is spending a lot on R&D and I don't think that they are being idle," Cramer said. Oppenheimer's downgrade suggested Apple may be lacking innovation over the next several years. Apple shares are up 6% since the start of the year. Cramer's charitable trust owns Apple. If you liked this article you might like It's Official: Online Holiday Sales Break Record -- Tech Roundup Online sales came in at almost $92 billion during the two-month stretch between November and December, a new record. Bret Kenwell Jan 6, 2017 4:37 PM EST Cramer: Too Few Stocks Are Doing Too Much in Dow's Run to 20,000 Disney and Goldman are doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Jim Cramer Jan 6, 2017 3:10 PM EST Here's Why Apple CEO Tim Cook Got a Pay Cut in 2016 Apple missed its sales and profit goals in 2016 and that means a pay cut for CEO Tim Cook and other executives. TheStreet Staff Jan 6, 2017 2:57 PM EST Apple CEO Tim Cook Receives a 15% Pay Cut for 2016 Apple is cutting the paychecks of CEO Tim Cook and other executives because of missed goals in 2016. Natalie Walters Jan 6, 2017 1:15 PM EST Trending Why Gold Prices Right Now Should Have You Feeling Beyond Thrilled Dying Sears Sells Craftsman for a Song to Stay Alive Another Year Health Care, Banks Lead Game Strategy for Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/6/17) 10 Financial Stocks to Devour Before Trump Rally Sends Them Soaring 5 Stocks Setting Up for Big Breakouts Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple doesn’t need to make routers. What it needs is a new way to stand out. – Recode Posted on November 21, 2016 by Recode If Apple is giving up on making Wi-Fi routers, as Bloomberg reported on Monday, it isn’t exactly a shocker. Apple hasn’t updated the AirPort line in years and the market is being well served by others. Many people get their Wi-Fi router from their … Apple axes Wi-Fi router division, apparently signaling the end of AirPortAppleInsider (press release) (blog) RIP AirPort? Apple may abandon wireless routers and Time CapsulePCWorld Apple is reportedly exiting the router businessThe Verge TechCrunch -Mac Rumors -Ars Technica -CNET all 40 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple abandoning outdated AirPort routers to focus on new tech Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 21, 2016 in Technology Apple is set to abandon its range of AirPort Wi-Fi routers in pursuit of more profitable businesses. The company is struggling to sell the devices which have always been viewed critically compared to their rivals. It is now reallocating its engineers. Apple appears to be in the process of streamlining its divisions. Last month, it confirmed it is exiting the standalone display business and has no plans to launch any more monitors. Now, its Wi-Fi routers have come under scrutiny as Apple moves to concentrate on the big money-makers and its upcoming projects. The company has already abandoned the AirPort line-up and moved to disband the team behind it, according to a report from Bloomberg today. It first began to shut down the team a year ago, suggesting the plans are already far advanced. It is not clear whether there have been any job losses as a result of the changes. Apple is said to be moving engineers to different teams, including the group behind the Apple TV. The emerging product is currently a key interest area for the company. CEO Tim Cook has previously stated he expects the future of TV to be defined by apps, rather than broadcasted content. Apple currently sells three models of wireless router, the $99 AirPort Express, $199 AirPort Extreme and $299 AirPort Time Capsule. The latter is capable of acting as a network backup location for Mac PCs, including a hard drive within the AirPort Extreme's design. Apple AirPort Extreme Wi-Fi router Apple Apple's routers have never been industry-leading devices. That's more evident than ever today as the range hasn't received any updates since 2013. The AirPort Extreme was one of the first 802.11ac routers to launch but it now lags behind its rivals. The entry-level AirPort Express only provides 300Mbps 802.11n Wi-Fi and 100Mbps Ethernet. The much faster 802.11ac Wi-Fi standard and 1,000Gbps Ethernet is now becoming standard on budget routers. Apple's router problems don't end at the outdated tech. They also lack advanced configuration options which can make it difficult to customise the network they host. Primarily, the AirPort range was designed to make it simpler to connect Apple's own devices together. This limits their interoperability with third-party brands. Some of the AirPort features, including the Time Capsule's backup capabilities, only work on Macs, making the routers most attractive to customers who already own multiple Apple products.. In today's market, the AirPort line-up is more markedly overpriced than it's ever been. The promised ease of use of an AirPort router has also been surpassed. New devices from companies such as Google offer a similar one-tap setup approach, work with any smartphone, tablet or PC and use new mesh network technology to extend Wi-Fi throughout the house. Rather than compete with Google, Apple appears to have decided to scale back and concentrate on its core portfolio. Instead of developing what's always been a minor product, it will focus on its new devices that are beginning to gain traction, such as the Apple TV. More about Apple, Airport, apple airport, Wifi, Routers   Apple Airport apple airport Wifi Routers Internet Devices Latest News Top News Arum set to discuss next fight with Pacquiao in Manila London breaches air pollution annual limit for 2017 in five days Huge chunk of Larsen C ice shelf ready to break off at any moment Intel's tiny Compute Card PC lets you 'transform everything' Trump targets Mexican car imports with steep tariffs Five dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Norway to switch off FM stations in favor of Digital Radio MH370 — No suspicions of crew, passengers, says French probe Op-Ed: Bob Arum likely to grant Pacquiao's $20 million guaranteed prize Overlooked possibility of Atlantic Ocean current collapse studied Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Speed limit — Apple reportedly limits Verizon iPhone 7 modem speed to match AT&T model Verizon iPhone users will have to survive with "only" 450Mbps download speeds. Jon Brodkin - Nov 21, 2016 5:20 pm UTC Enlarge / The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 45 Share this story Apple has been limiting the modem speeds of the iPhone 7 built for Verizon Wireless's network in order to match the slower speeds of the AT&T iPhone, according to reports Friday by Bloomberg and Recode. The Verizon iPhone 7 uses a Qualcomm Snapdragon X12 modem that is capable of LTE download speeds of up to 600Mbps, while the AT&T model uses an Intel XMM 7360 that goes up to 450Mbps. But Apple limits the Verizon model so that it performs similarly to the AT&T one; to achieve this, Apple may disable certain features of the network chip, Bloomberg reported. Bloomberg's report is based on data from testing firms including Cellular Insights, which wrote about its findings on its blog. "Out of all supported features by Qualcomm’s solution, Apple has chosen to implement 3-Way Carrier Aggregation on the downlink and 2-Way Carrier Aggregation on the uplink for contiguous Band 7 or Band 41," Cellular Insights analyst Milan Milanovic wrote. "Higher Order Modulation (DL-256QAM, UL-64QAM), and Higher Order MIMO (4×4 MIMO) have not been implemented. Therefore, the peak theoretical downlink speeds are limited to 450Mbps when aggregating three 20MHz wide LTE component carriers." The Verizon iPhone was still slightly faster than the AT&T one despite not reaching its full capabilities, according to field tests by Twin Prime, Bloomberg wrote. The iPhone was significantly slower on Verizon than the Samsung Galaxy S7, which uses the same Qualcomm chip. The Verizon model is also used for the Sprint network, while the AT&T model is also used on the T-Mobile USA network. The AT&T/T-Mobile variant does not support the CDMA voice and data networks used by Verizon and Sprint. An iPhone user isn't going to hit 450Mbps under typical network conditions, so it's unlikely anyone would notice the speed limitation without doing some extensive testing. But the enforcement of consistent speeds despite the use of different chips demonstrates how Apple and carriers view the importance of similar performance across networks, even when that requires limiting one phone's capabilities. Apple historically used Qualcomm modems for the iPhone but this year decided to use both Qualcomm and Intel ones. "By pitting Intel against Qualcomm, the company may be trying to improve its negotiating position on price," Bloomberg noted. Apple also uses components from multiple suppliers to make sure it can produce enough iPhones to meet consumer demand. For example, Apple used both Samsung and TSMC to make the A9 chip for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Since carriers had no control over the modem decision, "it would be a little unfair if Apple allowed, say, Verizon and Sprint to say that their iPhone performs better than AT&T and T-Mobile’s," Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said, according to Recode. Dawson also noted that it isn't uncommon for phone makers to leave some features disabled to save on battery life, "so you rarely see a phone that’s maxed out on all possible performance parameters." Apple provided a statement to Bloomberg and Recode confirming that iPhones across different networks perform similarly, but the statement did not address how Apple limited the speeds of the Qualcomm modem. “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models," Apple said. We contacted Apple today, but the company declined to provide any further information. Jon Brodkin Jon is Ars Technica's senior IT reporter, covering the FCC and broadband, telecommunications, wireless technology, and more. Email jon.brodkin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @JBrodkin reader comments 45 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple faces a 'decade-long malaise,' says analyst Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 12:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Oppenheimer: Apple likely to underperform over 10 years    Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 11:06 AM ET | 03:11 One Wall Street analyst sees a "decade-long malaise" ahead for Apple, as it deals with fallout from bugs in its iPhone devices. "We believe Apple lacks the courage to lead the next generation of innovation (AI, cloud-based services, messaging); instead will become more reliant than ever on the iPhone," Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz wrote in a research note. "Over the next decade we believe the stock will generally underperform the market." With more competition and slowing advances in products like phones, computers and tablets, Uerkwitz wrote that he expects fewer customers will be willing to pay higher prices or upgrade their devices at the same rate over the next decade. Zhang Peng | LightRocket | Getty Images A customer trying an iPhone 7 in an Apple Store. As the iPhone approaches its 10th anniversary next year, "cracks are showing in the Apple wall of invulnerability," Uerkwitz wrote. Still, he notes that the company's growing emphasis on software and services could serve as a defense, although those have less utility and appeal in the large and highly regulated Chinese market. His comments come as the iPhone maker has recently offered fixes for two different long-standing bugs. Last week, Apple launched a repair program for "touch disease," which leaves iPhone 6 Plus devices with flickering, unresponsive screens after being dropped. Then, another new repair program emerged, this time for battery replacements on iPhone 6s models that unexpectedly shut down. But Roger McNamee, co-founder of Elevation Partners and a technology investor, said that while he agrees with some of Uerkwitz's conclusions, the note was "click-bait." "The law of large numbers makes it almost impossible for Apple to outperform the market materially," McNamee told CNBC's "Squawk Alley" on Monday. "And it's just reached a scale where hyper-growth is very hard. But accusing them of not having the courage to lead AI is ridiculous." This isn't the first time an analyst has rung the death knell for Apple. More than a year ago, Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi told CNBC the tech company's best days were behind it. Apple shares have fallen more than 6 percent over the past 12 months. However, McNamee said that Apple is doing many interesting things to maximize its growth, while artificial intelligence is a "catch all for every new computer project that doesn't actually have a use case." Many of the early efforts of AI aren't a "must have" for consumers, McNamee said — and some are even problematic. "At the end of the day, the challenge that we face as technology investors is that we are coming off the mother of all product cycles with smartphones," McNamee said. "And there really is nothing on the horizon one-tenth as large. You look at something like virtual reality — a concept I think will produce a really significant business opportunity — by comparison to smartphones, it's tiny." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Dialog releases development kit for Apple HomeKit Jamie Leland, Content Assistant - Leave a Comment Dialog Semiconductor has announced the availability of its Apple HomeKit development kit for all current HomeKit Accessory Profiles within Apple’s updated IoT platform. The kit is built on Dialog’s DA14681 system-on-chip (SoC), which has dedicated hardware acceleration for HomeKit security operations, ensuring end-to-end application encryption. It also supports Bluetooth 4.2 and is equipped with an ARM Cortex-M0 processor, expandable flash memory, a power management unit (PMU) for sensors and motors, and built-in charger that supports a USB interface. The kit can consume less than five µA on standby, uses 170 kB of Flash memory, and provides 64 kB of RAM. “Beyond the simplicity of the highly integrated connectivity SoC at the heart of the kit, its fastest response times create the best possible user experience for end devices, with initial pairing taking less than 2.8 seconds and responding faster than 250 ms whenever an iOS device issues a command,” said Sean McGrath, SVP and GM Connectivity, Automotive and Industrial Business Group. For more information, visit http://www.dialog-semiconductor.com/products/da14681-homekit-development-kit. Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 29 Dec 2016 02:59:20 +0000
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup News Team News Links Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Contests Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 25° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts 48 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup News Team News Links Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez Holiday 2016 Special Reports Transition of Power UHIP Latest Headlines In-Depth: Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting Updated: 56 mins ago Eyewitness News Analyst Lt. Gen. Reginald Centracchio discusses whether the suspect had a right to carry and the airport’s response to the s… Historic dining car off the skids and on the road to the future 7:29 pm A legendary spot from the past is being transformed for the future. 28 years later: The story of Gordon Church and his killers Updated: 12 mins ago Providence man arrested on solicitation of a child charges 6:17 pm Central Falls shooting suspects turn themselves in 6:15 pm Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 21° F Wind: NW 7 Humidity: 47% Dewpoint: 10° F Sunrise: 7:12 AM Sunset: 4:30 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines Wyatt escapee crossed paths with man who busted out two decades earlier Updated: 21 mins ago EXCLUSIVE James Morales was in prison at the same time as a man who had escaped from Wyatt in 1996. Providence treasurer refuses to pay law firm hired in Councilman Jackson recall 7:30 pm TARGET 12 The treasurer called it “unconscionable” to spend more than $30,000 on the firm. Citizenship error latest UHIP complaint 12:00 am Newsmakers 1/5/2017: Speaker Mattiello, Majority Leader Shekarchi January 5, 2017 Prosecutors charge Morales after escape from Wyatt January 5, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines 28 years later: The story of Gordon Church and his killers Updated: 16 mins ago ST. GEORGE, Utah (AP) — Nearly a decade before 21-year-old Matthew Shepard was beaten, tortured and left to die in a Wyoming field, there wa… Mercedes recalls 48,000 SUVs to fix air bag sensor 7:37 pm Curio Design is also recalling its Splyt Light modular lamp kits due to shock and fire hazards. Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags Updated: 16 mins ago Samsung’s profit jumps 50 percent despite Galaxy fiasco 12:04 pm Mercedes recalls about 48K SUVs to fix air bag sensor January 5, 2017 Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines Join the Cardis for winter fun at the Alex and Ani City Center 12:10 pm NiRoPe and John Roratori, General Manager of The Alex and Ani City Cente discuss Winter fun at the Center The Rhode Show Rewind: January 6 11:54 am Check out some of our favorite moments from this week’s Rhode Show. Rhody Round up: How are those resolutions going? 10:33 am ‘Hey Rhody’ shares Winter Guide 10:21 am In the Kitchen: Turkey Broccoli Japchae 10:41 am On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Contests Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 25° F 18 recipes you need this Thanksgiving By Shaun Towne Published: November 21, 2016, 11:54 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) With the help of some bloggers around the web, we’ve rounded up everything you need – from cakes to casseroles – to make planning your Thanksgiving meal easy. 18 recipes you need this Thanksgiving View as list View as gallery Open Gallery S'mores Pumpkin Pie - see below for link to recipe Cajun Fried Turkey - see below for link to recipe Winter Squash and Pumpkin Soup - see below for link to recipe Cranberry Apple Crumble - see below for link to recipe Corn Bread Dressing - see below for link to recipe Apple Cider Sangria - see below for link to recipe The Ultimate Green Bean Casserole - see below for link to recipe Baked Parsnip Chips - see below for link to recipe Peanut Butter Banana Bread - see below for link to recipe Roasted Pumpkin Seeds - see below for link to recipe Best Ever Apple Pie - see below for link to recipe The Perfect Thanksgiving Turkey - see below for link to recipe Pumpkin Spiced Latte Cake - see below for link to recipe Almond and Cranberry-Crusted Goat Cheese - see below for link to recipe Corn Casserole - see below for link to recipe Caramel Apple Pie with Snickers - see below for link to recipe Cranberry, Goat Cheese and Cheddar Crescent Sausage Balls - see below for link to recipe Pecan Pie Trifle - see below for link to recipe 18 recipes you need this Thanksgiving x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) S'mores Pumpkin Pie - see below for link to recipe Cajun Fried Turkey - see below for link to recipe Winter Squash and Pumpkin Soup - see below for link to recipe Cranberry Apple Crumble - see below for link to recipe Corn Bread Dressing - see below for link to recipe Apple Cider Sangria - see below for link to recipe The Ultimate Green Bean Casserole - see below for link to recipe Baked Parsnip Chips - see below for link to recipe Peanut Butter Banana Bread - see below for link to recipe Roasted Pumpkin Seeds - see below for link to recipe Best Ever Apple Pie - see below for link to recipe The Perfect Thanksgiving Turkey - see below for link to recipe Pumpkin Spiced Latte Cake - see below for link to recipe Almond and Cranberry-Crusted Goat Cheese - see below for link to recipe Corn Casserole - see below for link to recipe Caramel Apple Pie with Snickers - see below for link to recipe Cranberry, Goat Cheese and Cheddar Crescent Sausage Balls - see below for link to recipe Pecan Pie Trifle - see below for link to recipe                                     Latest Galleries Photos: Dolphin Rescue in Wellfleet, Mass. Mugshots: December 2016 Photos: Remembering Carrie Fisher Crews Battle Fire on Bay Street in Taunton Post-Christmas Fire in Providence Post-Christmas Fire in Providence Photos: Electoral College Protest Outside RI State House Cuisinart Food Processors Recalled Pic of the Day Photos: Fall 2016 Wexford renderings (Dec. 2016) Links to Recipes: S’mores Pumpkin Pie » Cajun Fried Turkey » Winter Squash and Pumpkin Soup » Cranberry Apple Crumble » Corn Bread Dressing » Apple Cider Sangria » Ultimate Green Bean Casserole » Baked Parsnip Chips » Peanut Butter Banana Bread » Roasted Pumpkin Seeds » Best Ever Apple Pie » The Perfect Thanksgiving Turkey » Pumpkin Spiced Latte Cake » Almond and Cranberry-Crusted Goat Cheese » Corn Casserole » Caramel Apple Pie with Snickers » Cranberry, Goat Cheese and Cheddar Crescent Sausage Balls » Pecan Pie Trifle » Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts A not-so-objective ranking of Thanksgiving dishes Sick of the same ol’ pumpkin pie? Try these pumpkin desserts instead In the Kitchen: Thanksgiving Day Sides Cocktail Guru makes Thanksgiving inspired drinks Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now on WPRI.com Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries Mugshot Gallery: January 2017 Celebrating 2017 around the world Mugshot Gallery: December 2016 Remembering Carrie Fisher: 1956-2016 Remembering those we’ve lost in 2016 News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 2000-2017 TVL Broadcasting LLC. A Media General Company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Media General Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP The Providence Journal On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest CBS News LIVE: Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe iPhone News iPhone 6S Shutting Down Randomly? Apple Will Fix It by Michael Andronico Nov 21, 2016, 3:52 AM If your iPhone 6S has been shutting down unexpectedly, Apple may have you covered. The company has opened up a new repair program for last year's iPhone in which eligible customers can have their device's battery replaced at no extra cost. According to Apple, the iPhone 6S' battery problem is "not a safety issue" (because that's important to point out these days) and only affects a small amount of handsets that were manufactured between September and October 2015. MORE: The Best Black Friday Tech Deals - Amazon, Newegg & More To get your iPhone 6S' battery replaced, you can visit an Apple Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider, or get in touch with Apple Technical Support online. Regardless of which option you pick, your phone will be examined before any repairs to make sure it's both eligible for the program and working properly (outside of the battery issue, of course). Before your bring in your iPhone 6S for repairs, Apple suggests that you back up your data to iTunes or iCloud, turn off find my iPhone and erase all data on your phone. Apple's replacement program covers affected iPhone 6S models for "3 years after the first retail sale of the unit." If you've experienced this issue on your iPhone 6S and paid for a battery replacement, Apple encourages you to get in touch about a refund. See Also : 25 Worst Gadget Flops of All Time iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Which One Should You Buy? The Best Phones For Taking Photos Tech Gift Ideas For Everyone About the author Michael Andronico @MikeAndronico Mike Andronico is an associate editor at Tom's Guide. When he's not writing about mobile tech and gaming, you can usually catch him playing Street Fighter, devouring Twitch streams and trying to convince people that Hawkeye is the best Avenger. Read more iPhone Smartphones Apple Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the iPhone forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 1 comment Your comment Bvoltz Nov 22, 2016, 12:04 AM I using a iPhone 6s plus with iOS 10.0.3, never shutting down till now. 0 1 comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Apple Reportedly Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 (Update: Confirmed) Want to Cure Your iPhone's Touch Disease? Pay Apple $149 Apps Crash More on iPhone Than Android: Report The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 19 mn Hyundai Lets You Command Your Car with Google Home Round-Up 22 mn 11 Best TVs of CES 2017 (and When You Can Buy Them) News 23 mn Disney Streaming Box Puts Kids Front and Center Hands-On 1 hr The Yi Erida Drone Is Friggin' Fast Round-Up 1 hr 10 New Smart LED Lights for 2017 (and When You Can Buy... Hands-On 1 hr PowerRay Underwater Drone Is Your Own Personal Submarin... News 2 hr Das Keyboard 5Q Alerts You to Dumb Tweets in Real Time Hands-On 2 hr CyberPower's New Gaming PCs Are Absolutely Bonkers News 2 hr New Nvidia SHIELD Masters 4K, HDR, Smart Home Commands Hands-On 2 hr Intel's Project Alloy Makes Your Living Room a War Zone News 2 hr Ring's Floodlight Cam Lets You See the Light -- and Cro... News 3 hr SureCall Flare Boosts Your Cellular Signal in Style Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Zags Cougs Eagles Outdoors Chiefs Coug Hoops Empire EWU Hoops Indians NWPrepsNow Vandals Zags Women Sports Grip on Sports: The football teams in Washington – college and professional – are pretty darn good MONDAY, NOV. 21, 2016, 8:55 A.M. Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson, right, scores a touchdown ahead of Philadelphia Eagles outside linebacker Nigel Bradham, left, after Wilson caught a pass from Seahawks' wide receiver Doug Baldwin on Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016, in Seattle. (John Froschauer / Associated Press) By Vince Grippi Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A GRIP ON SPORTS • The Seahawks are for real, even if they are a little thinner at running back today than they were this time yesterday. And the Apple Cup is for real, even if it on Friday and neither team is perfect in Pac-12 play. Read on. •••••••••• • Before we get to the meat of our column today, a quick request from The Spokesman-Review sports department. If you have a split family, you know, a Husky and a Cougar in the mix somewhere, they want to speak with you. How do you handle the volatile mixture Apple Cup week? Is it fun? Tough? Ignored? You can let the guys in sports know by emailing them at sports@spokesman.com. It’s that simple. • The Seahawks were dominant yesterday, until the number of injured Hawks began to match the number of injured Eagles. So many players went down it made the game hard to watch. (The injuries and the obligatory NFL referee snafus, from a missed false start that helped Philadelphia to its first touchdown to a punt that went out of bounds at least 10 yards from where it was marked. Both were so obvious that it seems almost impossible for them to be missed but the highest-paid football referees in America did.) Yet, if you got through the 26-15 Hawk win, you saw Seattle’s depleted defense make Carson Wentz look like the rookie he is and Russell Wilson look like the top-tier quarterback he is. And, if you squinted your eyes just right, you may have mistaken Doug Baldwin for Andrew Luck. You don't have to squint to read the standings today. The Hawks sit atop the NFC West with a comfortable cushion of three games with six to play. They may not catch the 9-1 Cowboys for home field advantage throughout the playoffs, but they are playing as well as anyone in the league right now. • There hasn’t been this important an Apple Cup since, well, “important” is a relative term. The winner wins the Pac-12 North, we know that. But saying that the teams are playing for a championship seems a stretch, seeing the victor has to win next week to win the conference title. A division is nice, but it’s also a new invention. A couple of Apple Cups were played with the Rose Bowl on the line, back when the Rose Bowl was the be-all and end-all of the college football season. So those were pretty important as well. But let’s go back less than a decade, to 2008. The Huskies were winless. Washington State had one win, over a hapless Portland State team. The Apple Cup was important to the players, the UW and WSU fans and that was it. No one else cared. Believe it or not, it was an exciting game. Well, it had an exciting finish. The host Cougars won. Nico Grasu (pictured) hasn't paid for an adult beverage in Pullman since. But neither team was any good. No matter what happens Friday, both teams will remain really good. The Huskies are one of the best teams in the nation. Washington State is one of the best teams on the West Coast. It’s a rivalry game with venom on both sides and a lot riding on the outcome. And we won’t hear about it from the participants. Both coaches have decided to push the mute button. No player interviews before the game. The coaches will talk, sure, but not the players. No Chris Jackson-like pronouncements. No Steve Emtman-like tails of recruitment. No trash talk. Actually, no talk of any kind. If Luke Falk (pictured watching last year’s Apple Cup) or Jake Browning took the podium today, I’m sure all you would hear is praise for their opponent. And a few well-chosen clichés. Boilerplate, not stoking the boilers. But it would be their words. Their thoughts. An example of their maturity. Sorry, none of that will be on display. The football game is king. Not the student/athletes.  ••• WSU: The emphasis of the Washington State coaching staff was pretty clear yesterday. It was even on Twitter. Put the Colorado loss in the rearview mirror. Jacob Thorpe has a story about the Cougars’ biggest task this week. … The Cougars dropped a few spots in the polls. Jacob has that story as well. … The volleyball team picked up a milestone win yesterday while the women's basketball team suffered its first loss. … Love the Apple Cup? Have memories? So do these Tacoma News Tribune writers. … The favored Huskies are looking forward to actually playing against Falk. … The two best wide receivers on the field should have an impact. Elsewhere in Pac-12 football, there is another game Friday, though not too many folks will be concerned with Arizona State at Arizona. … There are also a couple of traditional non-conference rivalry games this Saturday, Notre Dame at USC and Rice at Stanford. Just kidding about the traditional part of the last one. … Oregon is favored but host Oregon State is the hotter team. … If Colorado can get past visiting Utah, the Buffs will go to, and will keep USC out of, the Pac-12 title game. … California also hosts UCLA. Neither team will be bowling. EWU: The Eagles are the No. 2 seed in the 24-team FCS playoffs which means they’ve earned a bye and a chance to play all the games in Cheney until the Frisco, Texas championship. Jim Allen has the story. … It's a busy basketball week for the Eagles, with four games on Cheney. … Around the Big Sky in football, Weber State made the tournament as did North Dakota and Cal Poly. If Eastern and North Dakota win after their byes, they will meet in Cheney. Then the Big Sky title can be really sorted out. Seahawks: John Blanchette was at CenturyLink yesterday and he caught a pass from Baldwin. No, he didn’t. But he highlighted it in his game story and Thomas Rawls in his column. … Can you run a 40 in 4.4 or so? Weigh about 205 or more? Maybe the Hawks will call you this week. They need some help at running back. … The defense lost a couple guys in the secondary as well, most notably Earl Thomas who grabbed his hamstring and never returned. Sounders: The Rapids have one defensive goal in Tuesday’s match, the first of two-match series. ••• • A short week ahead. Thanksgiving week. Is it pumpkin pie in your house? Or something else? My dad used to live minced meat, whatever that is. He had to have it. And he got it. Thanksgiving week. Until later … Published: Nov. 21, 2016, 8:55 a.m.  Tags: Apple Cup, EWU, Grip on sports, seahawks, Sounders, WSU Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Kills Off Its Router Division, Reassigns Employees To Stuff That Sells Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Kills Off Its Router Division, Reassigns Employees To Stuff That Sells Image courtesy of Greg Wagoner November 21, 2016 10:46 am EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup in for a landing airport base station airport apple routers wifi WiFi routers product lines Once upon a time, at the dawn of the WiFi age, Apple’s AirPort Base Station was a not-ugly plug-and-play option for computer users looking to untether from ethernet cables. In spite of having got off to such a great start, Apple’s router business has sagged since — and now it’s being put out to pasture. When the AirPort suite of wireless cards and routers hit the market in the late ’90s, the idea that you could be online without a wire was new enough that people at the 1999 MacWorld expo at least pretended to be impressed when Steve Jobs was able to stay online while passing a brightly colored iBook through a hula hoop. Today, WiFi is everywhere, and your internet service provider probably provides a router to you that’s part of your modem. What was a pretty small part of Apple’s business has become even smaller. Apple hasn’t made any changes to its line of routers since 2013, when the AirPort line was already behind lower-priced competitors. Bloomberg Technology explains that Apple reports router sales under an “other products” category that account for about 5% of the company’s total sales. Another product reported in that category is the Apple Watch. Apple also recently gave up another product line that was overpriced, behind the competition, and not really of interest to customers: its line of external monitors, the newest of which was the Thunderbolt display. Bloomberg’s source says that the router division was being slowly shut down over the last year or so, with its engineers reassigned to growing products like the Apple TV. November 21, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup in for a landing airport base station airport apple routers wifi WiFi routers product lines Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related who's the fastest? Cablevision Sues Verizon, Claims “Fastest WiFi” Ads Are Misleading lawsuits Comcast Customers Sue Cable Giant For Making Their Home Routers Into Wifi Hotspots what is this thing Wireless Companies Have A Plan To Make Your Mobile Data Faster And Better… But It Might Break WiFi to xfinity and beyond Ad Watchdog: Comcast Should Stop Claiming “Fastest Internet In America” a slapp in the face How Does A Negative Amazon Review Result In Threats Of A Lawsuit? Previous Toys “R” Us Pulls Tonka Riding Truck After One Catches Fire, Explodes, In Real Truck Next Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple Networking Apple doesn’t need to make routers. What it needs is a new way to stand out. The shift to the cloud has hurt Apple’s “stickiness.” by Ina Fried Nov 21, 2016, 11:34am EST tweet share Linkedin Apple If Apple is giving up on making Wi-Fi routers, as Bloomberg reported on Monday, it isn’t exactly a shocker. Apple hasn’t updated the AirPort line in years and the market is being well served by others. Many people get their Wi-Fi router from their cable or internet service provider, and startups like Eero and Luma have a new generation of products for those who want top performance or have trouble spreading a signal throughout their home. Apple didn’t confirm Bloomberg’s report, which says that it has reassigned the workers that had been building its AirPort products. But having a line of networking gear is not that strategic to Apple. At its peak, the AirPort line offered Apple a high-margin product and a way to ensure that people using its Macs got the best wireless service they could. Although most Apple router sales were to Mac owners, having an Apple router didn’t make one likely to buy future Apple gear. It’s a similar story with the gorgeous-but-pricey monitors that Apple used to sell to professionals and rich consumers. Such products offered Apple customers a way to have all-Apple gear and gave Apple some nice extra profits. The problem for Apple isn’t that it needs to make routers or monitors. Where Apple is hurting is in the number of factors that really do lock one into its ecosystem. Not too long ago, Mac and iPhone owners had huge investments in music and movies that were difficult and pricey to replace. These days, lots of people get their movies from Netflix and Amazon and their music from Spotify. Even Apple’s music service works on non-Apple devices. As Verge editor Nilay Patel noted on Twitter, media isn’t the only thing moving to the cloud. Lots of things that Apple used to solve in hardware have moved to the cloud, too, including backup and storage. @pkafka A bunch of Apple It Just Works local things — AirPlay, Time Capsule, printer sharing, etc — are now cloud things. Easier to switch.— nilay patel (@reckless) November 21, 2016 That’s a big problem for Apple. The cloud isn’t exactly where Apple shines. Sure, Apple has moved to store documents and photos in iCloud, along with other media. But Apple’s cloud is often pricier and less capable than rival services from Google and Microsoft. So, if Apple has better uses for the engineers that were working on routers, it should put them there. All the better if some of those uses are for hardware that really does produce stickiness in this cloud-centric era. recode_divider More From Recode CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers Apple cut Tim Cook’s total pay 15 percent last year as it missed its sales and earnings goals Recode Daily: U.S. spy chiefs, countering Trump, say there’s no doubt about Russia’s election hacking Trending Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s secrets with all his employees, and almost none of it leaks How to turn Trump’s Twitter account against him in 10 seconds or less A former Snap employee is suing the company and claims it’s been lying about its growth More in Trending This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest CES 2017 CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas by Recode Staff Join us! Podcasts CES 2017 Too Embarrassed to Ask What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ And, more importantly, why was there a “smart hairbrush” there? Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Machines in the front, hominids in the back. Media Facebook Social Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers by Kurt Wagner Brown will take over Facebook’s News Partnerships team. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Black Friday 2016 Target’s Black Friday sale will continue with deals all weekend long By Chris Smith November 25th at 11:06 PM Target is one of the major US retailers that started online Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day, offering buyers plenty of exciting doorbusters and special deals on a variety of products, including hot … Black Friday through Cyber Monday: 90 days of SoundCloud Go for $1 By Jacob Siegal November 25th at 9:01 PM Back in March, audio streaming site SoundCloud launched a subscription service called SoundCloud Go. By paying $9.99 a month, subscribers are able to listen to all 135+ million tracks on SoundCloud without ever hearing … If you only buy one smart home device on Black Friday, this should be it By Maren Estrada November 25th at 8:30 PM Devices that fall into the “smart home” category are starting to pick up these days in terms of popularity, but they haven’t taken off like most analysts thought they would. It’s simple: not … Get $100 off an HTC Vive on Black Friday and Cyber Monday By Jacob Siegal November 25th at 7:12 PM Black Friday is the best day of the year to buy a new computer. If your new computer happens to be VR-ready, you’ll likely be tempted to buy a virtual reality headset as well, and … Google has the best Black Friday deal on the Chromecast By Chris Smith November 25th at 6:43 PM Arguably one of the best products in Google’s lineup, the Chromecast is still a hot seller with buyers in 2016. The already-affordable device is even cheaper on Black Friday, since most retailers are taking … 15 fantastic iPhone games on sale for Black Friday By Jacob Siegal November 25th at 6:17 PM While millions of Americans are spending Black Friday driving from Target to Walmart to Best Buy and beyond, some of us prefer to stay home and relax during the long weekend. Avoiding the traffic … Black Friday 2016 deals update: Newegg’s best deals are live now By Chris Mills November 25th at 5:02 PM We’re about halfway through this celebration of consumerism’s birthday, and so far the deals have been flowing fast and furious. Newegg, the not-so-scrappy online electronics retailer that sometimes beats Amazon on sales, has … Black Friday 2016 deals watch: eBay shocks shoppers with killer Black Friday bargains By Zach Epstein November 25th at 4:05 PM Everyone expects to see incredible Black Friday deals from the likes of Amazon, Best Buy and Walmart, but these perennial Black Friday behemoths have some serious competition this year from eBay. We always … Black Friday 2016 deals watch: Costco’s best Black Friday deals By Jacob Siegal November 25th at 2:18 PM Believe it or not, Black Friday is still going on. Despite the fact that many sales started days or even weeks ago, today is the day that most retailers go all out, cutting … Walmart kicks off its Cyber Week sale today By Chris Smith November 25th at 1:13 PM It’s Black Friday, folks, but Walmart is going cyber. Cyber Week that is, as the retailer looks set to offer you a variety of great deals that extend well beyond Black Friday and Cyber Monday. … The best Black Friday 2016 deals under $100 By Maren Estrada November 25th at 12:31 PM It’s almost impossible to avoid saving money on Black Friday — well, unless you shop at an Apple store. Some sales aren’t a good fit for everyone though, because they tend to offer … Black Friday 2016 deals watch: Walmart’s best Black Friday deals By Zach Epstein November 25th at 11:23 AM There’s a very good chance that you already got all of your Black Friday 2016 shopping done at this point — especially if you’ve been following along with our Black Friday 2016 coverage. … Black Friday 2016 deals watch: All the best sales in Amazon’s Black Friday blowout By Maren Estrada November 25th at 10:37 AM Just about every single store in the country is offering some type of sale for Black Friday 2016 today. No matter how hard they try, they can never quite seem to match the … ‹ Previous 1 2 3 … Next › Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 Business The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Networking News / Apple reportedly shuts down wireless router development Apple reportedly shuts down wireless router development by Joe Roberts 21 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments A new report claims that Apple has disbanded its router division and reassigned its engineers in an effort to focus on more popular consumer items. The Bloomberg report cites anonymous "people familiar with the matter", who claim the company has been winding down its wireless router team over the past year. Engineers are said to have been reassigned to other divisions such as Apple TV, following the move which, if true, will likely see Apple discontinue its AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time Capsule products. There's been no word from Apple on the claims, but the firm hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013, having previously brought out consistent updates for the product line. Related: iPhone 8 The Airport Extreme was last updated in 2013 As Bloomberg notes in its report, Apple's routers are classed as "other products" in its financial statements, and make up a small slice of its overall revenue. The company also counts the Apple Watch and Apple TV in this category – a section that generated $11.1 billion in the fiscal year 2016, and which accounts for about 5% of total overall sales. Earlier this year, Apple did away with its external monitor production, so it seems that if the new report is accurate, the latest decision to shutter the router section is part of a larger move to streamline the overall structure of the company. Related: Best Router Apple has struggled to stand out in the router market in recent years, as devices from rivals such as Netgear are consistently released with support for the latest standards. However, initially Apple made quite an impression, with the very first AirPort base station helping to popularise wireless networking. But it seems that in 2016, the router is less important to Apple fans than the iPhone. WATCH: Trusted Explains: How to improve your Wi-Fi signal Let us know what you think of the report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple announces iPhone 6s battery replacement program Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 21, 2016 in Technology Apple has announced it is offering free battery replacements to a small number of iPhone 6s owners whose handsets could "unexpectedly shut down" during use. The company advised affected customers that the problem does not pose a safety risk. In a statement, Apple said it had determined a "very small number" of iPhone 6s devices built between September and October 2015 could have a battery issue that causes them to shut down during use. A limited serial number range has been identified and handsets built later or earlier than the period are not susceptible. Apple said customers who have experienced the issue should take their device to an Apple Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider. The support staff will be able to verify the phone's serial number and fit a replacement battery free of charge. Apple warned that other damage, such as a cracked display, may need to be repaired at a cost before the battery is replaced. "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down," said Apple. "This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015." The replacement program will be offered in all regions worldwide where the iPhone 6s is sold. It is valid on all affected iPhone 6s batteries for three years past the original retail sale date of the device. Apple said that people who have already been affected by the problem and have paid for a battery replacement should contact it directly. The company is willing to discuss refunds with these customers. Apple has not disclosed what is causing the batteries to fail. It is believed that third-party chargers may be responsible for the issues, although this has not been confirmed. On Friday, AppleInsider published a report citing unnamed sources "close to the investigation" at Apple into Chinese handsets that are suddenly powering off. The company has determined that its own engineering is not at fault. Instead, Apple is blaming low-quality unofficial chargers. AppleInsider was informed that "exactly 100 percent" of affected handsets examined to date in China were charged predominantly with third-party adapters. It is thought that the poor quality circuitry inside could be damaging the iPhone's internal charge regulating functions, causing the battery to misreport its capacity. If this is the cause of the worldwide problems, it remains unclear why only a small number of handsets are affected. The launch of Apple's replacement program came mere days after it launched a discounted repair service for the iPhone 6s Plus. Several months after users first began to complain of "Touch Disease," the company acknowledged the problem is real and offered to fix affected phones for a $149 fee. Apple denied a hardware defect is causing the problems, instead blaming users for dropping their phones. Touch Disease starts off as a flickering grey line at the top of the display but eventually leads to the touchscreen becoming completely unresponsive, leaving devices unusable. More about Apple, iPhone, iphone 6s, Smartphones, Mobile   Apple iPhone iphone 6s Smartphones Mobile Latest News Top News Arum set to discuss next fight with Pacquiao in Manila London breaches air pollution annual limit for 2017 in five days Huge chunk of Larsen C ice shelf ready to break off at any moment Intel's tiny Compute Card PC lets you 'transform everything' Trump targets Mexican car imports with steep tariffs Five dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Norway to switch off FM stations in favor of Digital Radio MH370 — No suspicions of crew, passengers, says French probe Op-Ed: Bob Arum likely to grant Pacquiao's $20 million guaranteed prize Overlooked possibility of Atlantic Ocean current collapse studied Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Schiller: doubling MacBook Pro RAM would’ve reduced space for batteries By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 21 Comments Software developer Ben Slaney asked Apple via email to give a more detailed clarification as to why the new MacBook Pro does not provide a 32-gigabyte build-to-order option for power users looking to max out the RAM. He allegedly received a response from Phil Schiller, who is boss of worldwide marketing at Apple and the steward of the firm’s developer relations. Schiller’s response reveals that doubling the RAM from 16 to 32 gigabytes would have required a different logic board design versus the notebook’s mustache-shaped logic board, one that would have reduced space for batteries. Schiller’s alleged response, in full: To support 32GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is not low power and also require a different design of the logic board which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life.  In other words, doubling the RAM would have required using DDR4 RAM that’s unsupported by the Intel chips powering the new Pro. Slaney found out that LPDDR3E RAM chips in the new Pro (a low power, enhanced version of DDR3 RAM) normally use 1.5 watts of power whereas faster DDR4 memory would use about 3-5 watts of power: It’s impossible to get an exact figure on it, but depending on the usage it can be estimated that between two and five watts are saved using LPDDR3E RAM instead of DDR4. And since the system averages to drawing about 20 watts on battery in normal usage, this can be said to be the difference of the RAM using two watts versus three to six watts for DDR4. Translated to overall power usage that would make the difference of ten percent of power being dedicated to RAM versus the 20-30 percent it would be for DDR4. When an average notebook with DDR4 RAM enters sleep mode, which is known as background power draw, the RAM itself consumes nearly half the overall power draw versus just 20 percent when using LPDDR3 RAM. Using DDR4 RAM would have decreased the Pro’s standby time from 30 days to less than one week, he concluded. With DDR4 they’d have produced a notebook that would have a completely drained battery if it was at 50 percent charge and you closed the lid and left it for a few days. Not only would that be annoying, but by running the battery flat often it would end up damaging a percentage of their batteries because they’d frequently get 100 percent discharged, which puts a lot of stress on them, and sometimes even kills them. In conclusion, Slaney wrote that several high-end Windows notebooks that utilize DDR4 RAM don’t get nearly as much battery performance as advertised. Battery life of the Dell XPS 15 with 32GB RAM was found to be disappointing, garnering only 5 hours 40 minutes of video playback from its 84 Whr battery. “This is a far cry from Dell’s advertised battery life of 17 hours,” wrote ExpertReviews. Schiller previously emailed a reader inquiring about the RAM situation on the new MacBook Pro, saying doubling the RAM would have negatively impacted battery life: To put more than 16GB of fast RAM into a notebook design at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook. I hope you check out this new generation MacBook Pro, it really is an incredible system. The 16GB-limit stems from Apple’s decision to use Intel’s Skylake chips rather than the latest Kaby Lake platform that was unveiled in August. As we thoroughly explained, while Skylake chips in the new Pros do support 2133 MHz LPDDR3E RAM—they don’t support for LPDDR4 RAM. Summing up, costly Kaby Lake chips are needed to support DDR4 RAM. It gets even more complicated than that because Kaby Lake is set to include support for a power-sipping “LP” variant of DDR4 RAM, but only for the slower “U” category of chips for ultra-thin notebooks like the MacBook Air and the twelve-inch MacBook. Kaby Lake may not support LPDDR4 RAM on notebooks until late next year or 2018. Source: MacDaddy   Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple aggressively boosting MacBook Pro orders with 15M estimated shipments in 2016 Next-generation MacBook Pro could adopt brighter & sharper OLED display technology Phil Schiller on why MacBook Pro has headphone jack, lacks SD card slot & more MacBook Pro’s lack of 32GB RAM option could also be blamed on Intel’s Skylake chips Related Topics Apple, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, News, Phil Schiller, RAM, Rumors Natalie What the f#ck IDB. That first quote was 37 words long. Your TL;DR version of it was 46 characters long JulianZH First world problem right there. Agneev Mukherjee WTF? Rolf Bause What is next? “Schiller: Including physical ESC button would’ve dramatically reduced space for batteries too.” Mr_Coldharbour Maybe if the chassis wasn’t obsessively thin, battery capacity would not have been an issue. askep3 Honestly, I have the 13 inch and the battery life is 6-7 hours so far Kevin Paterson Remember when you first get a MacBook it’s doing lots of first-time stuff like indexing and updates. Battery life should level out soon. askep3 It’s almost been a week (will be on Wednesday) how long does it usually take to finish indexing? I set up as new so it doesn’t have old files Mr_Coldharbour It depends what you do on the Mac, if you do any graphics intensive or CPU intensive tasks then it’s normal. Also it depends how old your battery is. There might also be a bad process or something running rampant causing less than expected battery life. The next time you’re on your Mac, open up Activity Monitor found in the Utilities folder, click on the Energy tab and see what’s eating away at the battery. Maybe take into the Apple Store or have Apple send someone over to take it in for a checkup and possibly change the battery. Also, if you happen to be sitting on your desk all day it’s better to just leave it plugged in to the power outlet. The less charge cycles the less wear on the battery in the long run. When not in use unplug of course. Use the actual Mac’s battery no more than once a week and don’t be in the habit of draining it completely or reaching the red too much. askep3 I’ve been keeping tabs on activity monitor all the time, the mac is brand new, and I’m just web browsing occasionally watching videos and listening to music via headphones. I’m guessing the issue is that it is the MacBook Pro Mr_Coldharbour If you feel there’s something wrong then take it in to Apple for repairs or you can call them up and they’ll send someone over to pick it up for you. As I said, if you do a lot of your work sitting on a desk on your Mac then keep it plugged in while in use then unplug when not in use. Use the battery no more than once a week but do not be in the habit of completely draining it, it just puts more wear on the battery. Idea is to keep charge cycles to a minimum if you can. Let a charge cycle last longer. leart I’m with you but for the most people I know who have a MacBook they go crazy for the slim size of their Mac burge Instead of telling your customers (Apple) what they want, why don’t you listen to what your customers are asking for. mwpitt52 Hate to break the news but the new MacBook Pro is nothing more than a 13 -15 inch iPhone. gary Lol you can’t be serious… Go back to whatever Windows circle jerk blog you came from. mwpitt52 Nope. Just bought the 2015 MacBook Retina. Maybe your profile pic can be used for the Windows circle jerk blog. gary So then why did you just buy a MacBook if it’s nothing more than a large iPhone? Also, I think it’s funny you don’t recognize my profile picture… mwpitt52 Gezz your an idiot. I said the new MacBook Pro looks like an iPhone. The 2015 MacBook Pro is the old style. gary lol I know exactly what you said, and I have the same MacBook. And you didn’t say it LOOKS LIKE an iPhone, yout just said it’s LIKE an iPhone. Which couldn’t be more wrong. mwpitt52 I guess your right, Apple did leave in the headphone jack. No usable ports, keyboard is horrible, no more iconic glowing Apple logo just a metal sticker( like the iPhone), smaller ( getting close to iPhone Plus size),cannot upgrade storage. What a deal for a higher price. jaimem17 I’m sure people looking for a new laptop will choose the Macbook because it is the same as last gen except thinner. Next Macbook will be a screen and a touchscreen as a keyboard, same RAM, same screen, same battery life, one USB C port and paper thin. Same same but different. Save this comment.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple executives miss out on cash incentives as company falls short of sales goals   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Top News / U.S. News Apple offers free batteries for iPhone 6S with shutdown issues By Allen Cone   |   Nov. 21, 2016 at 11:26 AM Follow @upi Comments CUPPERTINO, Calif., Nov. 21 (UPI) -- Apple is offering free battery replacements for the iPhone 6S after determining some phones may unexpectedly shut down. "A very small number" of iPhone 6S devices manufactured between September and October 2015 are affected," Apple said in a statement Monday. The company didn't give details on problems with the batteries. Apple said the battery problem is "not a safety issue" -- unlike in the case of its rival, Samsung, that pulled its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after reports of the phones bursting into flames. Users with iPhone 6S problems are asked to go to an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider. The device's serial number will be checked to confirm eligibility for a free battery replacement. Apple will also offer refunds if users had previously paid to replace the battery. If your iPhone 6s has any damage, including a cracked screen, that issue will need to be resolved before the battery replacement, the company said. Wireless carrier partners are not participating in this program. The standard Apple warranty is 90 days. Last week, a consumer watch group in China reported the problem. The China Consumers Association said "a considerable number" of Chinese users reported their iPhone 6 and 6S devices would suddenly turn off even though they had plenty of battery life, and even when plugged into a charger, would not turn back on. Last year, a software glitch with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus caused the battery icon to display more battery life than was actually left. An operating system update fixed the problem. And last week, Apple acknowledged that iPhone 6 Plus devices suffer from "touch disease." The phone's touchscreen stops working after it has been bent or repeatedly dropped on the floor. The cost for the repair is $149. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Samsung to acquire Harman, leader in auto technology Student develops smartphone app for early autism detection Light from smartphones may hinder a good night's sleep, study says Comments Topics: iPhone 6 Trending PHOTOS: Notable Deaths of 2016 Trending PHOTOS: Notable Deaths of 2016 Latest Headlines 'Total panic' at South Florida airport; 'troubled' Army vet arrested; FBI working motive 45 minutes ago FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., Jan. 6 (UPI) -- The FBI says it's trying to find out what made a U.S. Army veteran start shooting at a South Florida airport Friday, killing five and wounding several others. U.S. intelligence report: Putin directly ordered efforts to elect Trump 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UPI) -- Russian leader Vladimir Putin himself directly ordered efforts to get Donald Trump elected and "denigrate" Hillary Clinton, an intelligence report said Friday. Donald Trump inauguration schedule of events, performers and inaugural balls 4 hours ago The inauguration of President Donald Trump features a long list of official and semi-official events and celebrations, plus more than a few protests. Michelle Obama emotional in final speech as first lady: 'I hope I have made you proud' 6 hours ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UPI) -- First lady Michelle Obama delivered an emotional farewell in the White House Friday, at an event honoring the nation's school counselors and educators. SeaWorld killer whale, subject of 'Blackfish,' Tilikum dies 7 hours ago ORLANDO, Fla., Jan. 6 (UPI) -- Tilikum, the killer whale responsible for killing a SeaWorld trainer whose story helped turn the tide against keeping the species in captivity, has died. Trump won't give grace period to Obama ambassadors, breaking with precedent 8 hours ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UPI) -- President-elect Donald Trump has issued a blanket edict all politically appointed ambassadors must be out of their jobs on Inauguration Day. Southern California eyes desalinated water from Mexico 10 hours ago The United States imports vehicles, equipment, fresh produce and other goods from Mexico. That list may soon include water too. Two dead after small plane crashes in rural Arkansas 10 hours ago GARDON, Ark., Jan. 6 (UPI) -- Two people were killed when their twin-engine Cessna airplane headed from Dallas to North Carolina crashed in a swamp in Arkansas, officials said. 'Historic' winter storm threatens Southeast, Mid-Atlantic with snow, freezing rain 12 hours ago ATLANTA, Jan. 6 (UPI) -- The National Weather Service has issued winter storm warnings for parts of the southeastern United States, where snow is forecast to fall. Contractors file liens against Trump D.C. hotel for unpaid labor 16 hours ago WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UPI) -- Three companies have filed liens against the Trump Organization claiming they are owed more than $5 million for work at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. Trending Stories Donald Trump inauguration schedule of events, performers and inaugural balls Former CIA chief Woolsey quits Trump team over intelligence concerns 'Total panic' at South Florida airport; 'troubled' Army vet arrested; FBI working motive Iraqi forces surround Mosul's Muthana district in surprise attack Two dead after small plane crashes in rural Arkansas UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 Who's who in Trump's administration 2016: The Year in Space 2016: The Year in Sports Memorable selfies of 2016 2016: The Year in Fashion Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile Computing Apple will replace faulty iPhone 6s batteries that keep shutting down the handset Apple says the problem affects a "very small" number of devices By Rob Thubron on Nov 21, 2016, 10:30 AM 10 comments TechSpot Apple launched its Multi-Touch Repair Service last week to address the problem of Touch Disease in iPhone 6 Plus handsets. Now, the company has announced another repair program; this one for a different problem found in another device. Apple has confirmed that a “very small number” of iPhone 6s handsets have battery issues that are causing them to shut down without warning for no apparent reason. If you own an iPhone 6s manufactured between September 2015 and October 2015 then you’re eligible for a replacement battery. Just head down to an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider, where they’ll check the handset’s serial number and, once it’s confirmed to be one of the affected devices, will replace the battery for free. Be warned, though, if there are any other problems with the smartphone, such as a cracked screen, users will need to have them fixed at their expense before Apple replaces the battery. Apple stresses that the problem isn’t a safety issue. The company doesn’t want people to think this is anyway similar to Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 battery fiasco; those were overheating and exploding, whereas Apple’s batteries are just randomly failing. If you’ve already paid to have your problem iPhone 6s battery replaced, Apple will refund the cost as long as the device falls in the affected serial number range. While Apple finally admitted last week that Touch Disease was real, the company said it is caused by owners dropping their devices multiple times on hard services. As such, the firm will only fix affected iPhone 6 Plus models for a $149 fee. Related Reads Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent Apple unveils its first official battery case for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will likely ditch the '5' and arrive as the iPhone SE 10 comments 103 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… For every Samsung device activated during the holidays, Apple had two Apple could release a 5-inch iPhone 's' model with dual vertical cameras next year Leaked: There will be three iPhones released next year Popular 10 comments 13 Good Games You Can Play on Laptops and Budget PCs Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters Load Comments 10 ... User Comments: 10 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Hardware Apple kills Wi-Fi router division, moves engineers to other projects No plans to update AirPort Extreme, Time Capsule and AirPort Express By Jose Vilches on Nov 21, 2016, 11:15 AM 11 comments TechSpot Apple is reportedly getting out of the wireless router business in a move to focus more on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue. According to Bloomberg, the company has disbanded the team that was working on wireless routers and moved engineers to other projects. People familiar with the matter told Bloomberg that Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV. Although the decision hasn’t been publicly announced, the internal changes suggest Apple has no plans to update the AirPort Extreme, Time Capsule, and AirPort Express products. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 when it renamed the Time Capsule as AirPort Time Capsule and added support for the 802.11ac standard. Their portable AirPort Express on the other hand remains available to this day with last-generation 802.11n performance. While the routers likely never sold in huge numbers they helped Apple deliver things like AirTunes (the tiny AirPort Express plugged directly into an outlet and had a headphone jack to plug to your speakers to sent music to another room over wireless) as well as seamless Time Machine backups (putting a hard drive into your its Wi-Fi router with the Time Capsule ) before there was AirPlay and iCloud. Today, companies like Eero, Luma and Google are trying to innovate in the wireless routers scene with modular designs that work as part of a mesh network to cover larger homes, as well as more consumer friendly management through smartphone apps. It looks like Apple won’t be joining them in the fun. Related Reads Apple invites third-party developers to its headquarters to help finish up Apple Watch apps Apple's latest iTunes update adds movie Extras to Mac and Apple TV Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch 11 comments 93 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… New MacBook Pro fails to receive Consumer Reports' recommended rating for the first time Nvidia G-Sync HDR launches for flagship gaming displays Dell's UltraSharp 8K monitor is incredible but like most things in Vegas, it's excessive Popular 10 comments 13 Good Games You Can Play on Laptops and Budget PCs Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters Load Comments 11 ... User Comments: 11 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD483.65EUR506.33RUR8.04 Yerevan-6 ... -1 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Apple axes Wi-Fi router division November 21, 2016 - 18:06 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Apple has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, Bloomberg reports citing people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn’t currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s plans. Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Apple currently sells three wireless routers, the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time capsule. The Time capsule doubles as a backup storage hard drive for Mac computers. The products, which cost $99, $199, and $299, respectively, make up a small slice of Apple’s revenue and are part of Apple’s “other products” category on its financial statements. The category, which includes the Apple Watch and Apple TV, generated $11.1 billion in fiscal 2016, or about 5 percent of total sales. Related links: Bloomberg. Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers  Top stories Nissan, BMW bringing Microsoft's Cortana assistant to cars Nissan is working directly with Microsoft on its Connected Vehicle Platform, which utilizes Azure, Cortana, and Office 365. Armenian astronomers detect strong outburst of young stellar object The amplitude of brightness of the detected outburst is at least five mag. The object remained at this level of brightness until 2014. Lenovo's Amazon Echo lookalike boasts better speakers Lenovo is also offering a Harman Kardon edition of its Smart Assistant speaker, addressing one of the biggest knocks on the Echo speaker. Apple publishes first AI research paper The paper describes a technique for how to improve the training of an algorithm’s ability to recognize images using computer-generated images. Partner news Loading...  Articles Yerevan at its best Armenian capital to appear on Yandex Panorama  Most popular in the section Nikon, Verily team up to fight diabetes-related eye disease Amazon launches first-ever “Digital Day," offers savings Lamborghini confirms Urus SUV will be its only plug-in hybrid Bitcoin hits highest levels in almost 3 years Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for November 21, 2016 Other news in this section  Latest news Ben Affleck, Leonardo DiCaprio among Golden Globe presenters They join previously announced presenters Drew Barrymore, Laura Dern, and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Star-studded romance “Song to Song” to open South by Southwest Fest Rooney Mara, Ryan Gosling, Michael Fassbender, and Natalie Portman star in the film decribed as a modern love story set against the Austin music scene. New “Chucky” film officially announced via teaser trailer (video) It is written and directed by Don Mancini, who also directed the last two movies, "Seed of Chucky" (2004) and "Curse of Chucky". James McAvoy to join “X-Men: The New Mutants” lineup McAvoy stated during an interview with Fandango that he would consider returning to the "X" franchise if the crew gave him a really good part. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Will Fix Defective iPhone 6s Smartphone Batteries for Free – Fortune Posted on November 21, 2016 by Fortune It should fix iPhone shutdown woes. Apple will fix any iPhone 6s smartphone suffering from what the company says is an uncommon battery problem. The tech giant AAPL 0.49% will replace the battery on any iPhone 6s that shuts down unexpectedly, the … The iPhone is becoming increasingly expensive for Apple to makeZDNet Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocatesBGR Apple to replace iPhone 6S batteries in some handsets due to shutdown flawArs Technica 9 to 5 Mac -Forbes -USA TODAY -TheStreet.com all 260 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Wi-Fi Routers Production Ending, Engineers Moving To Apple TV, Other Teams By Denisse Moreno On 11/21/16 AT 11:35 AM Close Apple will not manufacture Wi-Fi routers anymore, Bloomberg reported Monday. The company started shutting down the wireless router division over the past year. The engineers from that team were moved over to other product developmental groups, including the one that handles the Apple TV, according to Bloomberg. Apple has not yet announced it has disbanded the wireless router team. Related Stories iPhones May Soon Be Manufactured in the US, Report Says Router Google Wi-Fi Available for Pre-Order The company currently sells three routers the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme and the AirPort Time Capsule. With the AirPort Express, users can play music and share a printer wirelessly. The AirPort Extreme allow consumers to share an external hard drive or printer, and the AirPort Time Capsule backs up data wirelessly with OS X Leopard or later. The items cost $99, $199 and the Airport Time Capsule is sold at $299 or $399, depending on the storage. The AirPort debuted in 1999, and Apple frequently refreshed its routers to keep up the wireless industry, but it hasn’t updated its devices since 2013. The Apple routers are in competition with devices from other companies like Google and Eero. Those devices can cover a large home if bought as a bundle, whereas the AirPort express covers a small home, apartment or dorm. Google recently released a new router, Google WiFi, which is now available for pre-order in the U.S. and is expected to release on Dec. 6. The wireless routers don’t make as much money for Apple as their other big-sellers, and is listed in the “other products” category on its financial statements. That category also includes with Apple Watch and Apple TV, and accounted for 5 percent of total sales in the 2016 fiscal year, $11.1 billion, according to Bloomberg. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology iPhone 6s Technology Apple offers to replace iPhone 6s batteries for FREE after some handsets shut down unexpectedly The iPhone maker said the fault only affected a "very small number" of iPhone handsets  Share  Comments ByMartyn Landi 16:16, 21 NOV 2016 Updated17:46, 21 NOV 2016 Technology (Photo: Elissa Loi)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple is to replace faulty batteries in some iPhone 6s handsets that cause the smartphone to "unexpectedly shut down", the technology giant has said. The iPhone maker is asking any users of the 6s who have encountered the issue to visit an Apple Store or one of the company's official service providers to have their battery examined, with replacements provided for free if found to be eligible. Apple said in a statement the fault was not a safety issue and only affected a "very small number" of iPhone handsets. "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015, " the company's statement said. "If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device's serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge." Apple warned users that any iPhone handsets found to be eligible would need to have any cracked screens repaired before the firm could go ahead with the battery replacement. Read More This case will make your iPhone INDESTRUCTIBLE: Smartphone survives 45-foot drop off a crane without a scratch The announcement comes just weeks after Samsung was forced to recall and then discontinue their Note7 smartphone after multiple incidents of devices catching fire and exploding. (Photo: REUTERS) The issue that was initially linked to battery manufacturing, but the Korean firm is still investigating to determine the cause. The iPhone 6s was launched in September 2015 and was the first iPhone to feature a pressure sensitive screen, known as 3D Touch. Read More How you could be using more mobile data than you realise - even when logged on to WiFi The battery replacement comes just days after Apple announced a similar scheme to fix a fault in their iPhone 6 Plus that causes the screen to become less responsive over time - an issue known as "touch disease". However that fix comes with a service price of £146. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Samsung Inc. iPhone Smartphones iPhone 6s Apple Apple Store Technology all Most Read Most Recent New YearPokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon There's a few issues with the Gen 2 egg update, but hold fire the Legendaries are on their way in Pokémon Go DatingFacebook knows you're single - and it's nothing to do with your relationship status Something telling happens to Facebook users once they start dating someone else WhatsAppIs WhatsApp going to start charging in 2017? Hoax dupes users into believing they will have to pay for messages If you've received a message telling you how to avoid billing charges, it's a scam - here's what to do Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges Tim CookApple boss Tim Cook earns £117MILLION a year - despite firms failing to meet targets The boss salary and basic bonus came in at £7.1million, down on 2015’s £8.3million CESThis smart wristband keeps track of your drinking on a night out - and tells you if you're safe to drive The band comes complete with "time to sober" readings and alerts CarsMost futuristic cars of CES 2017 - from the driverless to the pure insane These are the futuristic cars coming to make the roads gorgeous soon iPhone 8iPhone 8 could ship without a single port or socket as Apple sets its sights on wireless charging After ditching the headphone jack in 2016, Apple's next iPhone could ship without a charging port Most Read Most Recent CrimeFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska CrimeHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera shootingFlorida airport shooting: Five dead and eight others injured after gunman opens fire in baggage claim Suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, 26, allegedly shot at least 13 people at Florida's Fort Lauderdale Airport, killing five George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond PoliceLawyers for family of man shot dead by police on M62 'demand answers' in controversial Facebook posts Solicitors for the family of Mohammed Yassar Yaqub questioned whether he was killed in a 'pre-planned operation' or 'assassination' Donald TrumpVladimir Putin 'directed cyber hacking campaign to help Donald Trump win US presidential election' US intelligence agencies concluded Russia sought to help Trump by discrediting rival Hillary Clinton Prince HarryPrince Harry whisks girlfriend Meghan Markle away on first holiday together to see the Northern Lights The besotted royal, 32, flew American actress Meghan to the edge of the Arctic Circle where they watched the magnificent Aurora Borealis US ElectionBritish spies alerted America to Russia's cyber attack on US election GCHQ had prevented a breach of every Whitehall server in 2015, including the Home Office, Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence PerishersPerishers - th January 2017 Perishers originally ran from 1959 to 2006. The strip is still so popular today that we decided to reprint the best of the strips by Maurice Dodd and Dennis Collins Top Stories Tom JonesThe Voice star Tom Jones claims winner was too FAT to find chart success - and faces calls to be sacked Leanne Mitchell won the hit series back in 2012 and Sir Tom has said the size 14 singer lacked the drive to slim down George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz quizzed by cops for second time for five hours over tragic singer's final hours Fadi said police had been "amazing"  after two plain-clothed officers questioned him and took his statement George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death SnowBritain colder than Arctic Circle as snow forecast for next week Thermometers will start to rise across the country tomorrow with highs of around 10C (50F) in the south and 8C further north John F. KennedyWas Lee Harvey Oswald's killer Jack Ruby injected with cancer to stop him revealing who really shot JFK? This week marks the 50th anniversary of the death of Jack Ruby, who shot dead Oswald and carried his story to the grave CrimeFootage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera Court caseMan beat wife's head five times with lump hammer but 'didn't have the strength to finish her off' The prosecution claims Paul Bond, 62, turned the lights off and closed the curtains after the beating as he could not face the reality of what he did Carrie FisherFinal farewell for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds as family and friends say goodbye at private service Relatives and close friends of the stars gathered together to pay their respects AnimalsWoman left starving dogs to die in pain surrounded by faeces in "horrendous" case of animal neglect WARNING: Distressing content. Andrea Davies, 23, has been banned for life from keeping animals over her treatment of male crossbreed dogs Koda and Hachi HorsesTear-jerking moment heartbroken horse breaks down and cries at his owner's funeral The creature, Sereno, appears to be mourning the loss of his owner, who died in a motorcyle accident Mick PhilpottBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Black Friday 2016 iPhone 7 deals and comparisons: Best Buy, Target and Sam’s Club in competition November 21, 2016Business and Shoppingbest buy black friday, best buy iphone, iphone black friday deals, sam's club black friday, sams club iphone, target black friday, target iphoneClay Hayes Which store provides shoppers the best deal on Black Friday when it comes to iPhone: Sam’s Club, Best Buy or Target? iPhone comparison can guide shoppers which store they are going to buy.  Best Buy, Sam’s Club and Target are distinct against each other when it comes to iPhone deal. Without a doubt, iPhone remains one of the hottest items on Black Friday. Stores are offering different plans and prices for iPhones on Black Friday. The iPhone 7 is one of the most successful phones of 2016, but no doubt it is expensive. Luckily Black Friday 2016 is approaching fast, which means you can take advantage of buying an iPhone 7 at a much cheaper rate than regular price from various retailers. Not just iPhone 7, but many Apple’s product including Macs and iPad will be on sale at selected location on Black Friday. However, tech deals loading fast over Internet, you could save on iPhone 7 only if know where to look. Where to look for best Black Friday deal on iPhone 7? According to report, major companies including Target, Walmart, Verizon, Best Buy and AT&T will offer up to $250 off on Apple device on Black Friday 2016. Here are some best deals on iPhone 7 for Black Friday 2016: Best Buy Deals Black Friday Deals for iPhone 7: Best Buy will offer a free $250 gift card to its customer on buying iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus that qualifies for instal;ment paying either from AT&T or Sprint or Verizon. For iPhone 7 exchange deals from various carriers Verizon is offering up to $300 off with exchange as the offer price is listed to be $349. For saving $649.99 on the new Apple Device you need to switch your carrier to AT&T. Best Buy is also offering iPhone SE for as low as $9.99 per month for 24 months after slashing the $160 from the original price. Eligible carriers include Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T. Target Black Friday Deals for iPhone 7 Target again has some great offers, get $0 down payment on either of phones iPhone 7 or iPhone Plus. Additionally a free $250 Target Gift Card will be given if you choose AT&T, Sprint or Verizon as your carrier. Another offer from Target include, $100 off on iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus with a apt cellular plan on AT&T, Verizon and Sprint. Sam’s Club Black Friday Deals for iPhone 7 Sam’s Club kick off its iPhone 7 offer on November 12th, like other dealers Sam’s Club is offering a $250 Gift Card on purchase of iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus on an AT&T, Verizon or Sprint instalment plan. Additionally Sam’s Club will also wave off the activation fee and no charge for the handset!   Buyer’s Tips: Of course, you have to act fast if you are keen on buying iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, as supply could be limited. Moreover, this product listed under “Doorbuster” by some dealers, so you might have to queue-up early to grab the deal. For early bird Sam’s Club offer is the best, however wait until Thanksgiving for Target and Best Buy to open their doors for iPhone 7 deals! Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Post navigation ← NewEgg Black Friday 2016 Ads, Deals: Pre-Black Friday Sales Online, Acer, Asus laptops, Ultra Smart LED HDTV Costco Wholesale remarkable Black Friday deals for early shoppers: Doorbusters, Microsoft and Apple products → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 12280 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Company says 'very small number' of smartphones could unex Post to Facebook Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Company says 'very small number' of smartphones could unex  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fKSg4n {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple to replace faulty batteries on some iPhone 6S models Brett Molina , USA TODAY Published 10:41 a.m. ET Nov. 21, 2016 | Updated 2:00 p.m. ET Nov. 21, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple will replace defective iPhone 6S batteries for free, but only if it meets certain requirements Time iPhone 6s. (Photo: Apple) Apple says it will replace the batteries on some models of the iPhone 6S that could unexpectedly shut down, but pose no safety risk. The company says the smartphones affected were manufactured between September and October of last year. If your phone is affected, Apple will swap in a new battery free of charge. The battery issue involves "a very small number" of iPhone 6S models, according to a support page on Apple's website detailing how to replace the device's battery. Users can contact an authorized service provider or a local Apple store to have the battery replaced. The replacements will not involve any of the wireless carriers that support the iPhone. Reports of iPhone 6S devices unexpectedly shutting down date back to October of last year, weeks after Apple launched the smartphone, along with the larger iPhone 6S Plus. Apple is not the only company having to deal with issues related to their smartphone's battery. Earlier this year, Samsung discontinued the Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after reports overheating batteries could cause the device to catch fire or explode. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fKSg4n NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 2018 iPhone Rumored To Use TSMC’s 7nm Processors By Adnan Farooqui on 11/21/2016 07:48 PST The rumor mill already expects Apple to introduce some major changes with the iPhone next year but that doesn’t mean there won’t be speculation about the iPhone that’s due after that. Word on the street is that it’s possible that the 2018 iPhone will use 7nm processors manufactured by the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company. It’s claimed that TSMC is going to be the exclusive supplier of mobile chips for Apple’s 2018 iPhone. There’s a reason why Apple is expected to go all out with the iPhone next year. That’s because it’s going to be the 10th anniversary of a smartphone that has literally transformed the destiny of this company. Apple is thus expected to pull out all the stops and give us a truly revolutionary smartphone next year. You might find yourself wondering what happens after this supposedly great iPhone is launched next year? Well, the company simply goes back to the drawing board to cook up a new smartphone for 2018. If history is any indication, it may only be an evolutionary update with upgraded internals and some new features. According to a report, TSMC is going to start manufacturing chips on its 7-nanometer process by Q1 2017 or by Q1 2018. This will leave Apple with ample time to implement the 7nm processor in the 2018 iPhone which may not arrive until the fall that year. A 7nm processor will be shorter in size but it’s certainly going to provide improved performance and power efficiency. Nevertheless, it’s too soon to be concerning ourselves with the 2018 iPhone when we clearly have the iPhone 8 to look forward to next year. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about TSMC. Source: news.mydrivers Related Articles 2016-12-28 TSMC Refutes Claims Of Poor Foundry Yields On 10nm Chips 2016-11-23 2017 iPhones Will Tout Glass Casing And Wireless Charging 2016-08-28 2017 iPhone Again Said To Ditch Home Button 2016-08-09 Apple Reportedly Working With TSMC On 10nm A11 Processors 2016-07-18 TSMC Could Have The Exclusive To Apple’s A10 & A11 Chipsets 2016-05-06 TSMC Rumored To Have Begin Designing Apple’s A11 Chipset Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch FRUITFUL SHOPPING Is Apple doing Black Friday deals on iPhones, iPads and Macs? Here’s where to get the biggest discounts Thinking of bagging yourself a Black Friday iBargain? Here’s how to find the best deals on Apple products… By Lauren Windle 25th November 2016, 11:28 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE ARRIVAL of Black Friday means that it is time to tick off your Christmas list and grab yourself the bargains before they are gone. Black Friday has now officially kicked off – follow all the latest live updates here Getty Images 6 Apple fans are eager to bag themselves some bargains this Black Friday If you were thinking this is the ideal opportunity to update your MacBook or nab a new iPad, you wouldn’t be the only one, with thousands of people choosing to update their technology while the prices are low. But where is the best place to get some Apple products with a discount? It’s not as easy as you’d think… Is Apple taking part in Black Friday? Last year Apple didn’t take part in Black Friday at all, possibly because they don’t have to or possibly because they don’t want to, your guess is as good as mine. This year however Apple have dropped a tantalising teaser that they will be taking part with a marketing campaign stating the “Friday can’t come soon enough.” 6 If you are planning on grabbing yourself an Apple bargain this year they recommend that you build your list now so you can grab the deals as soon as they are released. In the meantime their retailers are willing to step up to the plate and drop the prices in the name of Black Friday bargains. So the first thing you need to know is to avoid the Apple website if you’re looking for some iOffers. The retailers to watch out for this Black Friday Black Friday has hit! Here’s where you should be doing your shopping: 1. Amazon Black Friday started 12 days ago for Amazon with big reductions on a huge range of reduced products and more offers added as frequently as every five minutes. 2. Argos Argos is one of the biggest retailers to take part in Black Friday with deals on TVs, games consoles, laptops, cameras and toys. 3. Tesco Tesco have slashed priced on tech with incredible deals on TVs, consoles and toys. 4. John Lewis With discounts across all departments John Lewis have plenty of opportunities for savings, especially in the kitchen with a KitchenAid mixer down to just £299.99 from £449.95. 5. Boots Boots are offering big discounts on grooming products and a selection of their popular perfumes. 6. Sainsbury’s Sainsbury’s kept a low profile in the run up to Black Friday but have now released deals on home appliances and electricals. 7. GAME GAME has huge deals available on their PS4 and X-box bundles, ideal for Chirstmas gifts. 8. M&S This weekend M&S have launched a “gifting” event as an alternative to Black Friday. There are great deals on Christmas decorations, cosmetics and lingerie. 9. House of Fraser The House of Fraser sale is packed full of Christmas present prospects with toys, watches and jewellery and kitchen appliances all in the sale. 10. Debenhams Department store Debenhams has also dramatically dropped prices for the event, kitchen appliances, perfumes and furniture have all faced the price chop. 11. Halfords Get on your bike at Halfords with great deals on car and bike accessories as well as offers on adult and kid’s bicycles. 12. Currys Currys is a one stop shop for electrical items this Black Friday with reductions on TVs, laptops and speakers. 13. ASOS This Black Friday ASOS is offering 20 per cent off everything on its site. 14. Very.co.uk Very.co.uk have cut the price of some fun gifts including a jukebox now at £69.99 from £149, as well as great deals on clothes and accessories from their V by Very range. 15. Smyth’s Head to Smyth’s for some cracking deals on children’s games and toys. 16. B&Q Dropping prices of DIY products and tools B&Q are embracing Black Friday this year, lawnmowers and leaf blowers have big reductions and there are kid’s toys featured in the sale too. 17. Toys R Us Toys R Us have cut prices across the store with toys, games and baby products all reduced in the sale. 18. Mothercare Highchairs and prams are heavily reduced in the Mothercare sale, as well as toys and children’s clothes. 19. Morrisons Morrisons is the ideal place to get hold of some bargain booze with a 3L bottle of Jack Daniels costing just £50, they are also stocking a whole Serrano ham leg for the discounted price of £28. Where can I buy Apple iPads, iPhones and Macs on sale this Black Friday? If you are desperate to get your hands on an apple product this year your best bet is to check out Amazon and Argos as they both stock a large number of Apple products. Both companies will be taking part in Black Friday in a big way so are likely to heavily discount some of their more popular items including Macs and iPads. Keep an eye as they continue to make reductions and bookmark products you are really keen on so you can look quickly on the day and check the price. Here are a few Apple products which has already had their price slashed: iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi 128GB – Silver £469 from £509 6 This iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi 128GB is reduced to £469 Sim Free Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Mobile Phone £479 from £539 6 You can also benefit from reductions on phones with this iPhone 6S at just £479 Apple Watch Sport 38mm Silver Case & White Band £199 from £259 6 This Apple Watch Sport 38mm in silver is reduced to £199 Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch Laptop £1,020.18 from £1,249 6 Take a look at this MacBook Pro 13-inch Laptop now reduced on Amazon to £1,020.18 Apple launch much anticipated brand new MacBook Pro with a ‘touch bar’ READ MORE Where to buy Hatchimals in the UK – how to get your hands on the must-have Christmas toy Amazon Marketplace selling ‘lowest price’ goods which can be bought cheaper elsewhere Amazon’s Black Friday 2016 sale launches 12-day sale BEFORE official start date with discounts up to 87 per cent Amazon Black Friday 2016 deals – here are the bargains you should be looking out for now What are Amazon Black Friday 2016 lightning deals and how can you find the best offers? The Sun Topics Apple Black Friday 2016 Christmas and New Year shopping Explainers Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living CYBER SCAMMING Victim loses £750 in 'convincing' Amazon email scam - here's what to look out for Living QUIDS IN Poundworld is selling these Men's Health vitamins at a 1,200% discount - but are you just paying for the brand name? Living Revealed busted The Chase contestant has saucy sideline career as topless model with X-rated social media account Living Video 'I was sure that I was dead' Magician David Blaine shoots himself in the mouth as famous bullet stunt goes wrong Living WHAT REALLY GETS HIM IN THE MOOD! Dr Pam Spurr reveals the five sexual fantasies he'll never tell you about Living DEAR DEIDRE How do I tell my sick wife that I want to leave her for my co-worker? Living BE WARNED The symptoms of THIS killer disease are easily mistaken for a HANGOVER Living Video SEX APPEAL Model strips to a bikini on the streets of London to ask strangers to pay for her boob job... and gets more than… Living END OF THE FESTIVE SEASON When is Twelfth Night and why is traditional to take your Christmas tree down then? Living In the Slythe-ring Remember Draco Malfoy's henchman Goyle in Harry Potter? You won’t believe what he looks like now Living Most Popular Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive Hol Lotta Love Holly Willoughby's hit dating show Meet the Parents has won a new series after huge success of first show TV & Showbiz Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter, 3, returns from play-date with pen marks on shoes Living SINGLE MINDED Coleen Nolan takes her wedding ring OFF for Celebrity Big Brother after saying it was a 'trial separation' TV & Showbiz Exclusive GRIEZ YOUR PALM Man United offer Antoine Griezmann amazing £220,000-a-week deal to match pal Paul Pogba Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living TOOL BELTER Celebrity Big Brother host Emma Willis looks unrecognisable as she poses in undies and builders gear TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News IT'S ALL KICKING OFF Austin Armacost removed from CBB living room after furious bust-up with Heidi Montag TV & Showbiz Exclusive DOUBLE TROUBLE Jedward will make a surprise entrance to the Celebrity Big Brother house... TONIGHT TV & Showbiz LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Report: Apple is formally abandoning its old, outdated AirPort routers AirPort engineers have allegedly been reassigned to other projects. Andrew Cunningham - Nov 21, 2016 3:44 pm UTC Enlarge / The AirPort Express was last updated in 2013. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 221 Share this story Further ReadingApple brings 802.11ac Wi-Fi to AirPort networking hardware Last month, Apple told reporters that it was formally exiting the standalone display business and ceding it to partners like LG. According to a new report from Bloomberg, it may soon be doing the same thing with its AirPort router business. Apple is still selling the routers for now, but it has apparently broken up its router development team and reassigned the engineers to other projects like the Apple TV. Though this move could spell an official end for Apple's routers, unofficially there hasn't been much of a reason to buy any of them in the last couple of years. The $199 AirPort Extreme was one of the earlier full-featured 1.3Gbps 802.11ac routers, but it (and the $299 hard drive-equipped Time Capsule with the same design) hasn't been updated or seen a price cut since its 2013 release. More tellingly, the $99 AirPort Express trudges on with ancient 300Mbps 802.11n Wi-Fi and 100Mbps wired Ethernet—it hasn't been updated since 2012. Apple's routers have never been cutting-edge; they've always cost a lot compared to routers from other companies, and they lack advanced configuration options, but like many of Apple's peripherals, they were designed to work better with Macs and iDevices than third-party products. They also made it relatively easy to set up wireless repeaters to expand a network to cover larger houses, but in the years since the AirPorts were last updated, companies like Ubiquiti and Eero have rushed to fill that niche. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 221 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Real Life Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch FRUITFUL SHOPPING Is Apple doing Black Friday deals on iPhones, iPads and Macs? Here’s where to get the biggest discounts Thinking of bagging yourself a Black Friday iBargain? Here’s how to find the best deals on Apple products… By Lauren Windle 25th November 2016, 11:28 am Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE ARRIVAL of Black Friday means that it is time to tick off your Christmas list and grab yourself the bargains before they are gone. Black Friday has now officially kicked off – follow all the latest live updates here 6 Apple fans are eager to bag themselves some bargains this Black Friday If you were thinking this is the ideal opportunity to update your MacBook or nab a new iPad, you wouldn’t be the only one, with thousands of people choosing to update their technology while the prices are low. But where is the best place to get some Apple products with a discount? It’s not as easy as you’d think… Is Apple taking part in Black Friday? Last year Apple didn’t take part in Black Friday at all, possibly because they don’t have to or possibly because they don’t want to, your guess is as good as mine. This year however Apple have dropped a tantalising teaser that they will be taking part with a marketing campaign stating the “Friday can’t come soon enough.” 6 If you are planning on grabbing yourself an Apple bargain this year they recommend that you build your list now so you can grab the deals as soon as they are released. In the meantime their retailers are willing to step up to the plate and drop the prices in the name of Black Friday bargains. So the first thing you need to know is to avoid the Apple website if you’re looking for some iOffers. The retailers to watch out for this Black Friday Black Friday has hit! Here’s where you should be doing your shopping: 1. Amazon Black Friday started 12 days ago for Amazon with big reductions on a huge range of reduced products and more offers added as frequently as every five minutes. 2. Argos Argos is one of the biggest retailers to take part in Black Friday with deals on TVs, games consoles, laptops, cameras and toys. 3. Tesco Tesco have slashed priced on tech with incredible deals on TVs, consoles and toys. 4. John Lewis With discounts across all departments John Lewis have plenty of opportunities for savings, especially in the kitchen with a KitchenAid mixer down to just £299.99 from £449.95. 5. Boots Boots are offering big discounts on grooming products and a selection of their popular perfumes. 6. Sainsbury’s Sainsbury’s kept a low profile in the run up to Black Friday but have now released deals on home appliances and electricals. 7. GAME GAME has huge deals available on their PS4 and X-box bundles, ideal for Chirstmas gifts. 8. M&S This weekend M&S have launched a “gifting” event as an alternative to Black Friday. There are great deals on Christmas decorations, cosmetics and lingerie. 9. House of Fraser The House of Fraser sale is packed full of Christmas present prospects with toys, watches and jewellery and kitchen appliances all in the sale. 10. Debenhams Department store Debenhams has also dramatically dropped prices for the event, kitchen appliances, perfumes and furniture have all faced the price chop. 11. Halfords Get on your bike at Halfords with great deals on car and bike accessories as well as offers on adult and kid’s bicycles. 12. Currys Currys is a one stop shop for electrical items this Black Friday with reductions on TVs, laptops and speakers. 13. ASOS This Black Friday ASOS is offering 20 per cent off everything on its site. 14. Very.co.uk Very.co.uk have cut the price of some fun gifts including a jukebox now at £69.99 from £149, as well as great deals on clothes and accessories from their V by Very range. 15. Smyth’s Head to Smyth’s for some cracking deals on children’s games and toys. 16. B&Q Dropping prices of DIY products and tools B&Q are embracing Black Friday this year, lawnmowers and leaf blowers have big reductions and there are kid’s toys featured in the sale too. 17. Toys R Us Toys R Us have cut prices across the store with toys, games and baby products all reduced in the sale. 18. Mothercare Highchairs and prams are heavily reduced in the Mothercare sale, as well as toys and children’s clothes. 19. Morrisons Morrisons is the ideal place to get hold of some bargain booze with a 3L bottle of Jack Daniels costing just £50, they are also stocking a whole Serrano ham leg for the discounted price of £28. Where can I buy Apple iPads, iPhones and Macs on sale this Black Friday? If you are desperate to get your hands on an apple product this year your best bet is to check out Amazon and Argos as they both stock a large number of Apple products. Both companies will be taking part in Black Friday in a big way so are likely to heavily discount some of their more popular items including Macs and iPads. Keep an eye as they continue to make reductions and bookmark products you are really keen on so you can look quickly on the day and check the price. Here are a few Apple products which has already had their price slashed: iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi 128GB – Silver £469 from £509 6 This iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi 128GB is reduced to £469 Sim Free Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Mobile Phone £479 from £539 6 You can also benefit from reductions on phones with this iPhone 6S at just £479 Apple Watch Sport 38mm Silver Case & White Band £199 from £259 6 This Apple Watch Sport 38mm in silver is reduced to £199 Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch Laptop £1,020.18 from £1,249 6 Take a look at this MacBook Pro 13-inch Laptop now reduced on Amazon to £1,020.18 Apple launch much anticipated brand new MacBook Pro with a ‘touch bar’ READ MORE Where to buy Hatchimals in the UK – how to get your hands on the must-have Christmas toy Amazon Marketplace selling ‘lowest price’ goods which can be bought cheaper elsewhere Amazon’s Black Friday 2016 sale launches 12-day sale BEFORE official start date with discounts up to 87 per cent Amazon Black Friday 2016 deals – here are the bargains you should be looking out for now What are Amazon Black Friday 2016 lightning deals and how can you find the best offers? The Sun Topics Apple Black Friday 2016 Christmas and New Year shopping Explainers Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living DEAR DEIDRE How do I tell my sick wife that I want to leave her for my co-worker? Living Video 'The Telminator' Viewers stunned by The Chase contestant Terry who scooped £50k in 'best ever' performance Living LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Pictured Bride and seek This cheating hubby's furious wife is hiding somewhere in this picture... can you find her? Living CYBER SCAMMING Victim loses £750 in 'convincing' Amazon email scam - here's what to look out for Living Revealed Behind The Monster The chilling world of serial killer Charles Manson’s fan club and the fiancée who claims he is innocent Living Video SEX APPEAL Model strips to a bikini on the streets of London to ask strangers to pay for her boob job... and gets more than… Living Video SPOOKY SIGHTING Chilling footage of ‘ghost’ captured on camera wandering past gravestones in cemetery at night Living Status update If you post twice a day on Facebook the social media site knows you’re single Living KEEPING UP APPEARANCES Men spend half an hour EVERY DAY worrying about hair loss, fat and how they look Living Exclusive 'THE KIDS RARELY SEE HER NOW' Mum gets Alzheimer's aged just 36 after inheriting disease that killed her dad and grandad Living WTF MILE-HIGH MADNESS From a man in a plastic bag to a PANDA… these are most outlandish plane passengers ever Living Video POKER PLAYBOY 'King of Instagram' Dan Bilzerian shows off exotic lifestyle of private jets, bikini-clad girls and guns in… Living Most Popular Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter returns from play-date with pen marks on her boots Living TEEN DEATH AGONY Grieving mum of schoolgirl killed in car smash told teenage driver 'I forgive you' News JAY TROLL PROBE Vile comments mocking Celtic superfan Jay Beatty on Rangers supporters forum are being probed by cops News Video CALLOUS & CRUEL Social workers' shameful voicemail rant over vulnerable dementia patient leaves her husband stunned News Exclusive COURT CLAIMS Still Game star Ford Kiernan faces sex chat rap over 'obscene and degrading' remarks to Glasgow barmaid News HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN? Sex beast raped girl, 12, after he was freed on bail before being sentenced for similar crimes News Exclusive Gilks out at Ibrox Matt Gilks set to quit Rangers after grown frustrated at lack of action Football Latest TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming… News Revealed WALFORD MIRACLE EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell back from the dead for a final appearance in emotional video message TV & Showbiz BREAK THE BENK Celtic miss out on 'new Simunovic' after Dinamo slap eye-watering price tag on him Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive GAULD FINGERED Ryan Gauld relegated to Sporting Lisbon B team after boss Jorge Jesus takes the huff Football A NEW DON MK Dons boss Robbie Neilson set to raid old club Hearts by moving for fringe man Football Exclusive 'Don't die, baby' Blade victim Carlo Volante's sobbing lover pleaded in desparation as he clung to life in Bonnyrigg News Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple kills AirPort wireless routers development division The Cupertino giant, Apple has dissolved its wireless routers division in an attempt to focus more on the products that generate major revenue. According to a new report from Bloomberg, the engineers in the wireless router team has been dispersed to other departments including Apple TV. While, Apple currently sells three wireless routers — the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time capsule at $99 (approx Rs. 6,745), $199 (approx Rs. 13,558) and $299 (approx. Rs. 20,400) respectively, none of the device have seen a refresh since 2013. Wireless router comes under Apple’s “other category” along with Apple Watch and Apple TV that accounts for about 5 percent of total sales. For its routers, the company focused more integrating control of its devices into its computer operating system and industrial design. Google recently introduced its first WiFi home router for $129. It is a bit sad that Apple isn’t ready to try something new with its WiFi routers. Back in June Apple officially discontinued Thunderbolt Display that it had been selling since 2011. Source "Apple kills AirPort wireless routers development division", 5 out of 5 based on 1 ratings. Author Vigneshwar SRPosted on November 21, 2016Categories Apple, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nokia Android phones coming at MWC, ZUK Edge with Snapdragon 821 surfaces and more – FoneArena Daily Next Next post: Google invests $3.4 million in Montreal AI Research Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Xiaomi Mi TV 4 announced, OnePlus opens Experience store in India and more – FoneArena Daily Samsung predicts 50 percent jump in fourth quarter 2016 operating profit Samsung Gear S3 launching in India on January 10 Sennheiser HD 200 PRO over-ear monitoring headphones launched in India for Rs. 6490 Dell introduces Canvas, XPS 13, XPS 15, Latitude 5285/7285, XPS 27 AIO and more at CES 2017 OnePlus opens its first Experience Store in India in Bengaluru Samsung Galaxy J1 4G (J120G) with 4.5-inch Super AMOLED display, VoLTE launched in India for Rs. 6890 SanDisk Ultra 256GB microSDXC card and world’s fastest Extreme PRO USB 3.1 256GB Flash Drive announced Dell UP3218K 31.5-inch Ultra HD 8K Monitor has 33.2 million pixels, costs $4999 Google Nexus 6 finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update, OTA and factory images available CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Admits Some iPhone 6S Batteries Are Busted, Will Fix For Free Image courtesy of TechStage November 21, 2016 10:31 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc okay our bad apple iphone iphone 6s The entire purpose of a smartphone is to be able to go online, message, or call anyone from just about anywhere, so if the battery ceases working you’ve got little more than an expensive fashion accessory. That’s why Apple has agreed to repair some iPhone 6S devices that have a bad habit of suddenly turning themselves off. The issue, Apple says, only affects a small number of iPhone 6S devices that were manufactured in September and October of 2015. The battery isn’t dangerous; it’s not about to overheat or explode or anything. Instead it just… doesn’t work. The phone shuts down, because it’s not getting any power. So if your phone has been shutting off randomly, this may be why. To get this one fixed, you’ll need to take it directly to Apple — not your wireless carrier. You can visit an Apple Store, an Apple “authorized service provider,” or contact Apple tech support online. If your phone’s serial number indicates it’s one of the problem batch, then Apple will fix it for no cost. And if you already paid someone somewhere to replace your battery in the last year, you can ask Apple to reimburse you for that cost. You’ll need to back up your data before you get your phone repaired, Apple cautions. And although the battery replacement itself is free, if there’s anything else wrong with your phone that they’ll have to fix first in order to do the battery replacement (like a cracked screen, for example), then you’ll be on the hook for that part. This is just not a good fall for Apple’s phones, it seems. The immediate predecessor to the 6S model, the 6 and 6 Plus, are also now subject to a repair program for a design flaw. In that case the flaw, called “touch disease” in the techie and consumer world but never by Apple, results in the touch screen becoming unresponsive and, therefore, in the phone becoming totally useless. Apple’s charging $149 for that fix and blaming customers’ behavior for the issue. [via Engadget] November 21, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc okay our bad apple iphone iphone 6s Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related how much does it cost and when is it available? Apple Unveils iPhone 6S, iPad Pro, Apple Pen, New Apple TV what you see is not what you get Apple Promises To Fix Bug Causing Misleading Battery Meter On iPhone 6S, 6S Plus too hot to handle Apple Says iPhone Fires In China Are From “External Factors,” Not The Device the semi-carrier T-Mobile Slashes iPhone 6S Price To $20/Month; Offers Lifetime Coverage Guarantee what's the buzz? Here Are Some Of The Rumors Going Around About The Next Apple Gadgets Previous Apple Kills Off Its Router Division, Reassigns Employees To Stuff That Sells Next Symantec Buys LifeLock In $2.3B Marriage Of Online Security, Privacy Services Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Symantec Buys LifeLock In $2.3B Marriage Of Online Security, Privacy Services Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple May Stop Making Routers By Adnan Farooqui on 11/21/2016 07:17 PST Apple has been in the router business for a very long time. The AirPort and Time Capsule products have been loved by millions of people across the globe but if a new report is to be believed, perhaps they should stop looking forward to new iterations of those products. According to the report, Apple is actually going to exit the router business rather quietly. Bloomberg reports that Apple has disbanded the hardware team responsible for the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and Time Capsule products. The employees have reportedly been reassigned to other projects within the company, projects like the Apple TV. If this is true, it suggests that Apple is quietly making an exit from the router market as competition steadily grows. Companies like Google have launched really robust products in this space like the OnHub. There has already been a lot of speculation about the future of Apple’s router business considering the fact that this product lineup was last updated back in 2013. That was long before companies like Google, Netgear, and Eero shook up the home Wi-Fi scene. Apple hasn’t officially confirmed anything as yet so nothing can be said for sure about the future of its router business. It’s still selling these products which cost between $99 and $399. It’s unclear right now if and when an official announcement will be made or if Apple will keep us guessing for the foreseeable future. Filed in Apple. Read more about airport. Related Articles 2013-04-18 $82 Million Private Jet Terminal For Silicon Valley Elites Approved 2012-05-23 Hologram-like helpers coming to New York airports in July 2011-07-20 New software removes "naked" body scans (airport security) 2011-06-30 Samsung Mobile To Provide New Charging Stations At Washington Airport 2011-06-02 AirPort device stocks running low, refresh in the works? LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year November 21, 2016 AAPL: 111.73 1.67 How to enable unsupported Thunderbolt 3 devices on the MacBook Pro using ‘TB3 Enabler’ hack Jeff Benjamin - Nov. 21st 2016 7:41 am PT @JeffBenjam MacBook Pro Thunderbolt 3 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit TB3 enabler is a brand new hack from Khaos Tian that enables unsupported Thunderbolt 3 devices on the latest MacBook Pro. As explained by Tian, Apple impedes support for some categories of Thunderbolt 3 devices by implementing a software block. TB3 enabler allows users to bypass that software block, enabling access to previously unsupported Thunderbolt 3 devices. It just so happens that I have an “unsupported” Thunderbolt 3 dock in my possession — StarTech’s Thunderbolt 3 Dual-4K Docking Station. I was really disappointed when I found out that this dock would only support Windows, but after using the TB3 enabler hack, I’m able to use the dock on macOS 10.12.1. But before you get too excited, know that there are some downsides to using this method, and remember that this Dock doesn’t feature official macOS support and therefore has limitations. It’s still not totally clear as to why Apple chose to implement a software block for certain Thunderbolt 3 devices, but according to an email reply from Apple, it appears to be more of a business decision surrounding certification than an outright technical decision. Oh perfect. So in addition to USB-C and TB3 compatibility issue, there is the Normal TB3 and macOS-Certified TB3 accessories 🙃 #ThisIsFine pic.twitter.com/vLKqw43rRs — Khaos Tian (@KhaosT) November 19, 2016 At any rate, your mileage may vary, and by using this hack, you take full risk and responsibility for running the script that enables unsupported Thunderbolt 3 hardware on macOS. How to enable unsupported Thunderbolt 3 devices on the MacBook Pro Subscribe to our YouTube channel for more videos Step 1: Verify that your Thunderbolt 3 device is unsupported by macOS. Connect your Thunderbolt 3-enabled device to your MacBook Pro with a Thunderbolt 3 cable. Be sure that you are using a proper Thunderbolt 3 cable, and not a generic USB-C cable. There is a difference, despite what you may hear. Click Apple () in the menu bar, hold the Option (⌥) key, and click System Information. Click Thunderbolt under the Hardware section, and ensure that your connected Thunderbolt 3 device is being recognized as an unsupported device. Step 2: Disable System Integrity Protection. To run this script successfully, you’ll need to disable SIP. To do so, reboot your Mac, and as its booting back up, hold Command (⌘) + R. Once you arrive at the Recovery menu, click Utilities in the menu bar, and select Terminal. In the Terminal window, type the following and press the Return key on your keyboard: csrutil disable If successful, restart your Mac normally. Step 3: Download the TB3 enabler script using Safari. You can find TB3 enabler on KhaosT’s GitHub page. Click the link for tb3-enabler.py and right-click on the Raw button and select Download Linked File. The script file should be saved to your Downloads folder if using default Safari settings. Step 4: Give the script execute permissions. Open a Terminal window and type the following: chmod +x Place a space after the x, and drag the tb3-enabler.py file from your Downloads folder on to the Terminal window to copy the path to the file. Press the Return key on your keyboard to give the script execute permissions. Step 5: Run the tb3-enabler script. In the same Terminal window, type the following: sudo Place a space after sudo, and drag the tb3-enabler.py file on to the Terminal window to copy the path to the file. After the space type apply and press the Return key on your keyboard. You’ll be asked to enter your Mac’s user account password. Enter your password and press the Return key on your keyboard. Step 6: Reboot your Mac Once the script is finished running, restart your Mac. Step 7: Verify your connected Thunderbolt 3 device. After your reboot, click Apple () in the menu bar, hold the Option (⌥) key, and click System Information. Click Thunderbolt under the Hardware section, and ensure that your connected Thunderbolt 3 device is being recognized as a supported device instead of an unsupported device. How to remove the TB3 Enabler hack If you wish to remove the patch, simply repeat step 4, but replace apply with restore. After that, repeat step 1 and replace disable with enable. The main downside that I’ve encountered with this method for enabling unsupported Thunderbolt 3 devices is that you have to keep System Integrity Protection disabled, and it only (as of this post) works on the latest publicly available version of macOS. I had to restore my macOS installation from the 12.10.2 beta back to 12.10.1 in order to test this out. The StarTech Thunderbolt 3 dock The folks at StarTech sent me this dock well over a month ago in anticipation for the MacBook Pro’s adoption of Thunderbolt 3. Unfortunately, this dock is labeled as being for Windows-only, and showed up as unsupported when connecting it to my Mac. I actually was in the process of shipping the dock back to StarTech when I got wind of this hack, so I’m glad I didn’t return it yet, as it allowed me to verify that it works. The main thing I like about this dock is that it’s a true Thunderbolt 3 dock, meaning it supports full Thunderbolt 3 bandwidth. I was able to connect to my 4K display via the DisplayPort connection on the dock, and get full 4K support at 60Hz. If you have displays with Thunderbolt 3 ports, StarTech says that you’ll be able to connect to multiple 4K displays using this dock, though I’ve yet to test that functionality. Along with the display output ability, the dock features a couple of USB-A ports, an extra 5Gbps USB-C port for connecting USB-C devices, Gigabit ethernet and a pair of 3.5mm ports for headphones and a microphone. The biggest downside that I encountered while using this dock is that it only provides 15W of power to my MacBook Pro when connected via Thunderbolt 3. StarTech’s documentation says that the dock is fully capable of  supporting USB Power Deliver 2.0, which provides up to 100W of power, but apparently it’s seeing the MacBook Pro as a USB accessory, not a computer. This is probably something that StarTech could fix via a firmware update, but who’s to say if that will ever happen considering the device isn’t supported on Macs without taking advantage of a hack? Needless to say, the lack of adequate charging power is a major downside to using this dock, assuming StarTech won’t be in a hurry to address it. Of course, you could opt to connect your MacBook Pro’s charger, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a one-cable-solution dock. Despite these warnings, I know that some of you will want to use this dock for its ability to connect to 4K (and 5K) displays at 60 Hz. I definitely can’t outright recommend it due to its limitations and the hoops that you have to jump through, but it’s pretty awesome to be able to turn what was essentially a paperweight (for Mac users, it works great on Windows machines and even in bootcamp) into something useful. In fact, despite its lack of proper charging ability at the time, I think I’ll use this dock, instead of the CalDigit USB-C dock we recently covered, due to its added bandwidth and display output abilities. You can find the StarTech Thunderbolt 3 Dual-4K Docking Station on Amazon for a little over $200. It comes with a power adapter and a 0.5 meter Thunderbolt 3 cable. I’ve reached out to StarTech about this hack, and will be reporting back with any official updates about future support or firmware upgrades. I know that the company is also in the process of producing additional Thunderbolt 3 accessories for Mac as well. I’m happy to get the dock working to a certain extent, but I’m even more excited about the potential prospects of using eGPUs on the MacBook Pro. I’ve seen reports of people having success using Razer Cores and other Thunderbolt 3 enclosures by means of this hack, which is definitely good news for anyone interested in beefing up the performance of the MacBook Pro while on the desktop. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide Thunderbolt 3 Thunderbolt 3, with bandwidth support up to 40 Gbit/s and the ability to drive two 4K displays at 60 Hz, was developed by Intel using a USB Type-C connector. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year November 21, 2016 AAPL: 111.73 1.67 MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Ben Lovejoy - Nov. 21st 2016 7:32 am PT @benlovejoy Feature MacBook Pro MacBook Pro Diary View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While some in the U.S. have been fortunate enough to take delivery of their shiny new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar models, those of us in the UK are getting a rather more gradual unveiling. Most Apple Stores don’t even have display models yet, and even in the Regent Street store they only had one of each model, tucked away inside a perspex tube running demo loops. My MacBook Pro Diary series is, then, getting a rather more drawn-out ‘first impressions’ treatment than usual. But there is an upside to that: there’s actually quite a lot to discuss with this new machine, and so far the focus has been very much on the specs. The loss of ports, whether Apple should have waited for Kaby Lake, whether the Touch Bar is a useful innovation or a gimmick … plus the ‘has Apple lost touch with its professional user roots?’ debate. Those are all issues worthy of discussion, but I do feel the machine has perhaps missed out a little on the more usual (admittedly superficial) first impressions of its design … One of the sources of controversy has been Apple’s obsession with ever-thinner machines, and its willingness to sacrifice battery-life and upgradeable components as the price of that slimmer form-factor. My position in that debate has always been on the side of battery-life and upgradability. However, I have – as I wrote recently – accepted that this battle is lost. And, seeing the machine in real life, I have to say that the upside of Apple’s approach is undeniable: it is a very beautiful device. I mean, seriously lovely. I think I’ve been using Macs for so long that I’ve been guilty of no longer appreciating the aesthetics – simply taking it for granted that Apple designs lovely looking laptops rather than really seeing the beauty of the designs. But the gradual unveil I’m experiencing – from photos to the real thing in a display case to a hands-on next week – has given me a renewed appreciation for just what a lovely object the new MacBook Pro is. This is a machine with a beefy processor, graphics powerful enough to simultaneously drive four 4K displays and (in my case) a full 2TB of the fastest SSD in the world – and yet it looks almost as sleek as a machine which makes a tonne of compromises in the name of portability, the 12-inch MacBook. Apple has pulled off a Tardis-like trick here: fitting a huge amount of performance into an impressively small casing. So much so that I’m actually wondering whether I’ll need to maintain my two-MacBook approach. This machine might just be sufficiently small and light that it can double as my MacBook Air as well as my MacBook Pro. I was also blown away by the screen. When the first Retina MacBook Pros were unveiled back in 2012, I honestly thought they were over-hyped. Sure, they looked really impressive close-up, but at normal viewing distances I didn’t personally find the difference a dramatic one. But this display is incredible. Even compared to the previous generation, rather than against my non-Retina displays, the difference is immediately apparent. The brightness and colors really wowed me. There may be a downside to this, of course: if the colors prove over-saturated, that will be an issue for photo- and video-editing. But this piece is all about first impressions, and my first impressions are: wow! Then, of course, there’s that second display: the Touch Bar. I feel faintly absurd commenting on it at all when all I’ve been able to do so far is look at it rather than use it, but photos truly don’t do it justice. It doesn’t really look like a display at all: the matte finish means it almost looks printed and backlit. The demo loop running in the store meant that it looked rather distracting as it whisked swiftly through apps, which hopefully isn’t the case in real-life use, but it’s certainly impressive from a visual and technical perspective. The demo loop runs through most of Apple’s primary apps, so gives a good sense of the functionality each offers. Some of it looks immediately useful. Being able to adjust system volume or screen brightness via a slider – rather than repeatedly stabbing a key – is an obvious example. Other examples – like seeing absurdly tiny webpage thumbnails or microscopic Final Cut Pro timelines – just look silly. Even when I finally get to use it, I don’t think I’m going to be able to say too much about it early on. I think it’s going to be one of those features you have to get used to, and use for quite some time, before you get a real sense of its usefulness or otherwise. I feel like I’ve owned smaller laptops than this trackpad … The trackpad is about the size of a small town. Some people keep asking for a touchscreen Mac, and it seems to me that with a trackpad this large, Apple has almost given them what they’ve asked for. I of course need to try it to see what kind of a difference it makes, but I suspect it’s going to represent a significant improvement in usability when it comes to things like highlighting large areas of the screen and scrubbing through long videos. Then there’s the keyboard. Again, I clearly can’t comment until I get to try it, but even visually you can see that it sits higher than the 12-inch MacBook one. I adapted really well from my traditional MacBook Pro and Air keyboards to the Magic Keyboard, and I’d actually say I now prefer it, so I’m a lot more optimistic about the second-generation butterfly mechanism than I would have been prior to using that. But we’ll see. All-in-all, then, I’m very much looking forward to getting my hands-on next week – and actually now quite excited about the arrival of my own machine, largely due to the possibility that it might be able to replace not just one of my Macs, but both. If you’ve already received yours, please share your experiences in the comments. If you’re still unsure whether or not you intend to upgrade, what impact have early impressions had on your views to date? Oh, and I also took the opportunity to check out Apple’s other Mac book. It’s very nice. The larger one is enormous, so I think for most people it would be a $200 purchase rather than a $300 one. Still a lot of money, and I wasn’t tempted, but I don’t think it’s an absurd price for what it is. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide MacBook Pro Diary View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year November 21, 2016 AAPL: 111.73 1.67 Apple shares new ‘Frankie’s Holiday’ ad featuring iPhone-toting Frankenstein Zac Hall - Nov. 21st 2016 7:12 am PT @apollozac iPhone Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has a special message for the world going into the holiday season: “Open your heart to everyone.” That’s the tagline at the end of its new holiday commercial called “Frankie’s Holiday” which sees an iPhone-toting Frankenstein feeling a bit left out. This year’s holiday ad limits product placement to a single iPhone 7 with Voice Memos being used to record a small music box. Ads in previous years have prominently included the whole family of Apple products. Instead, “Frankie’s Holiday” shows the monster venturing into town where an alarmed crowd is treated to a performance from Frankenstein caroling over the music box recording … and the whole town joins in. An unexpected holiday visitor finally receives the warm welcome he’s always yearned for. Check it out below: Aside from the new holiday ad, Apple’s team is being festive in other areas starting this Thursday in the United States with the first-ever Thanksgiving Activity challenge for Apple Watch customers. Walk, run, or wheelchair a 5K (3.1 miles) on Thanksgiving Day and you will unlock a special achievement plus an iMessage sticker pack. Pokémon Go is similarly featuring a Thanksgiving-themed in-app event for the holidays. Guides iPhone View THe Guide Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Apple ends development of wireless routers | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation… Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple… Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support,… Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of… Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party… Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: 3D Luxe Lightning Earphones with… Daily Deal: [email protected] Premium Licenses Daily Deal: The 2017 iOS 10 Complete App… Daily Deal: Boombotix Boombot Bass Station Daily Deal: New Year’s Sale Daily Deal: Clip & Snap Smartphone Camera… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple ends development of wireless routers By Dan Pye ● Monday, November 21, 2016 Apple has shuttered its wireless router division, transferring the engineers to teams developing the Apple TV and other products, Bloomberg reports. Apple has been slowly shutting down the router team over the last year, sources familiar with the matter said. Apple hadn’t released a new AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme or AirPort Time Capsule since 2013, but a company spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s future plans for the product lines. Apple’s router offerings have always lagged behind competitors in adopting new standards due to the company’s focus on integrating the devices into its device ecosystem, and the entire AirPort line only accounts for a tiny percentage of Apple’s overall sales. Comments Hopefully third-party router support for Time Machine will come in some fashion or another — it's possible Apple may partner with specific manufacturers to add support. Of course, Time Machine backups to directly connected hard drives will continue to work, so Apple isn't necessarily abandoning Time Machine itself as a backup system, and macOS Server still has a Time Machine server component as well, so that's an option for anybody setting up a home network. Posted by Jesse Hollington on 2016-11-22 08:39:13 So what happens with the Apple backup system, Time Machine if Time Capsules are no longer made? Will Apple let third party routers support Time Machine? Airplay was very cool it took no skills to use. Posted by Joe_Ferguson on 2016-11-21 21:16:54 Yup, I'll definitely give you that one — as routers the Airport lineup was falling FAR behind, and really wasn't up to par even when it came to things like QoS for properly handling/prioritizing VoIP/Wi-Fi Calling features. It was basically time for Apple to fish or cut bait on these things. On the other hand, AirPlay capabilities in the Extreme line will be missed, and while I've been hoping Apple will release an inexpensive client-only AirPlay device — especially after the demise of the third-generation Apple TV — I've been getting the feeling that AirPlay as an audio solution is on the decline, and possibly something Apple isn't all that interested in any more. Third-party AirPlay speakers were always on the expensive side, and most had serious performance issues in the first couple of generations of products. For most users who only need to stream to a single speaker, Bluetooth has filled that requirement much more effectively, and I suspect Apple is willing to simply cede the market to Sonos for "whole home" audio, especially now that Apple Music is integrated. Sonos is much pricier, but there's no doubt that Sonos has figured out how to make it work very well, although unfortunately with that you're living in Sonos' UI, not Apple's. Posted by Jesse Hollington on 2016-11-21 10:33:52 Chicken & egg, perhaps, but the Airports of the last 2-3 iterations have been highly slower than competitive products...so no wonder sales were small. I still like the Airplay option of the Express line for easy device play-thru, but the Extreme/TC line certainly needs discontinuing. Posted by David_SC on 2016-11-21 10:26:16 « Daily Deal: inCharge Charging Cables Daily Deal: Nifty MiniDrive MicroSD Card Adapter for 13” Macbook Air » Related Stories Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 Apple announces record-shattering New Year’s Day for App Store Apple Q1 2017 earnings call set for January 31 Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: Recent News Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support, Live Photos in Stories Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party devices to HomeKit Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan titles now available for iOS Leviton debuts HomeKit-compatible Decora In-Wall Dimmers and Switches Carrier adds HomeKit support to Côr Thermostat Google Calendar iOS app can now track workouts via HealthKit Honeywell announces Lyric HomeKit-compatible security cameras Recent Reviews Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Sen.se GuardPeanut Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple challenges U.S. Apple Watch owners to bag a special Thanksgiving Day Activity achievement By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments Apple has issued a special challenge to U.S.-based owners of the Apple Watch on Monday, inviting them to walk, run or wheelchair a workout distance of at least 3.1 miles, or 5 kilometers, this Thanksgiving Day on Thursday, November 24. Those who successfully complete the challenge shall be awarded a special Thanksgiving-themed Activity achievement. And to let you brag about your completed challenge and earned achievement, Apple will also unlock a special iMessage sticker which you can send to friends via Messages. “Activity Challenge: This Thanksgiving Day, November 24th, earn a special achievement by completing a walk, run or wheelchair workout of at least 5K (3.1 mi),” reads a wrist notification that U.S. Apple Watch owners received this morning. A similar message appears in the iOS Activity app for those who own the wrist-worn device and are based in the United States: Earn this special achievement on Thanksgiving Day, November 24th when you complete a walk, run or wheelchair workout of at least 5K (3.1 mi) in the Apple Watch Workout app, or any app that records these workouts into the iPhone Health app. You’ll also earn a special Messages app sticker! Users who accept Apple’s challenge can capture their workouts via the stock Workout app or using any HealthKit-compatible third-party app. If you complete the challenge, a special medal appears on your watch and in the iOS Activity app’s Achievements tab. Thanks, Carlos! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple Watch pinging wearers of new Activity achievement launching tomorrow Twelve South’s new ActionSleeve for Apple Watch is designed for the active lifestyle Apple’s boss talks Watch potential at European startup conference How to mute Activity reminders on Apple Watch for the rest of your day Related Topics Activity, Apple, Apple Watch, Fitness, Health, Holiday, News, USA, Workout Rev Joel WOOHOOO!!!™ I’m in! Sebastien I walk at least 4 miles every single day of the year. This will just be a day like any other. But I’ll have a cool new badge too 🙂 Rowan09 I have a turkey bowl every Thanksgiving so I’m in. LivinArealWorld This would be more interesting if doing this challenge unlocked the ability to export my data to Strava. Or unlock an ability in Nike app to Start/Stop with the crown so I don’t lose 40 seconds trying to start/stop my run with a sweaty cold finger that it refuses to recognize. Jerry Wow this is simply amazing. I’m gona get the gym extra hard that day Adrian hook, line, and sinker Impreza Good one Apple and while you’re at it get the three tenors aka Schiller, Cue and Ivy to lead by example. 🙂 Blip dude I do this on a busy day at work, but not sure if I’ll be getting the watch even at the Amazing Black Friday deals, so I may just pass up on this. Adrian Throw in a mac and we’ll talk. Rev Joel Got mine! I hope you all did too! Rev Joel Interesting. I just did mine that morning in the Workout app and it came in almost instantaneously.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Ads Interactive Movies Music TV Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 4 minute read Exclusive EXCLUSIVE: Behind Apple's New Festive Frankenstein Holiday Ad In one of his first interviews since joining Apple, Vice President of Marketing Tor Myhren talks about the brand's holiday strategy. Jeff Beer 11.21.16 10:00 AM It opens in a snow-covered, remote mountain town. A man with a deep, gravelly voice is recording a music box tune on his iPhone. This guy looks familiar, in more ways than one. As he trudges through the snow to pick up a package, it becomes clear it's the legendary Frankenstein (and Brad Garrett under some pretty heavy make-up) making some mystery preparations. As he makes his way to the town square, it soon becomes apparent Frankenstein is getting up the courage to offer up his own special festive contribution proceedings. In the end, we get a message of inclusion and hope, topped with the tagline "Open Your Heart to Everyone." It's a message not unfamiliar to holiday advertising, but one that hits an especially strong chord amid the post-election uproar. This is the fourth year in a row that Apple has welcomed the Christmas season with a very British-flavored approach to the holidays—one that aims for your heartstrings as much as your wallet. Last year, the brand's ad was a music-based spot starring Stevie Wonder and Andra Day, but Frankenstein harks back to Apple's more narrative story-driven approach seen in 2014's "The Song," and the award-winning 2013 spot "Misunderstood." In one of his first interviews since joining the company late last year, I spoke to Vice President of Marketing Tor Myhren about the strategy behind the new holiday spot. Co.Create: First things first: That is Brad Garrett, right? And second, "Open Your Heart to Everyone" is a pretty traditional holiday message, but especially relevant right now. We read Tim Cook's letter to Apple employees touching on this very sentiment. Was part of the ad's intent to tie into these times? Tor Myhren: [Laughs] Yes, that's him! And no, this is definitely not a response to the election. Inclusion is and has for a long time been one of Apple's core values, and I think we've looked for a couple times throughout this year to communicate that to the world. I'm sure you've seen the Maya Angelou "Human Family" spot from the Olympics, which was an opportunity to talk about it when the world was watching. What a great time to talk about inclusion, and in some ways, the holidays are similar. We wanted to put out a message from Apple around this time of year that reminds everyone that what drives us as human beings is the desire for human connection. "Misunderstood" was a huge hit for the brand in 2014, "The Song" in 2014 was also a tearjerker, and last year there was a bit of a switch up away from a narrative spot to a fun music-based, and now you're back to a narrative story—How did the idea for this come about? It's been four or five years that Apple has gone to market during the holidays with a message we hope strikes a chord with people, that goes beyond product and into emotional storytelling. And certainly we hope it's a part of this one. Last year went at that more from a music standpoint, this one's more of a classic narrative. There's different ways in, but hopefully the end result is a nice piece of film that makes you think about the holidays in a slightly different way. Apple's advertising, even when it's a glorified product demo, often still has an emotional aspect, even if it's just the soundtrack or voice. How do you make the decision between a more product-focused spot, and something more story-driven? Obviously we're super proud of our products and a lot of the marketing and advertising we do is product-focused, and brings our products to life in a number of ways. As we approach the holidays, we very intentionally didn't want this to be seen as a product spot. The iPhone is obviously still a part of it. Of course Frankenstein uses an iPhone. Why wouldn't he? But really the intention here, as it's been for a few years, was to play at a bit of a higher emotional level, and in this case, to communicate one of our core brand values. How does this ad tie back into your overall strategy for the brand right now? If you look at what Apple has done historically over the past few years, it really is continuing in that tradition. It's been a very successful tradition, so it's a if-it-ain't-broke-don't-fix-it type of thing. We do look at this time of year as a time to put out a message larger than product. It doesn't really reflect my take on things at all, it's just something Apple does and I'm hoping it fits in with that long line of great holiday spots. In light of how popular the more emotionally driven British Xmas ads are every year, is there more of an expectation now for brands to make the big-hearted holiday spot? Particularly in America, and probably in many places around the world, a lot of companies still tend to do the really hard-sell, price-based, retail advertising around the holidays. That's what you're surrounded with, and I will say that there are a few brands like John Lewis who have stepped outside of that to remind us there's more to the holiday season than getting the biggest discount. It's a time to think about ourselves, our families, the world around us, and for us it's also thinking about one of our core values. So you want to give us a bit of a breather from that hard sell? Yep, and we talked exactly about that. We said we wanted this to be something that during this time when people are being inundated with these hard-sell messages, can we give people a minute or two of just a really nice piece of entertainment that ties really tightly to something we believe strongly in at Apple. Are you going to go the full John Lewis, and start selling neck light Xmas iCollars, or any other product tie-ins? [Laughs] No, you won't be seeing Frankenstein at the Apple Store any time soon. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Co.Create newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
APPLE CUP 2016: Upsetting the Apple Tree - SWX Right Now-Sports for Spokane, CdA, Tri-Cities, WA Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY SWX Program Guide Games & Contests Extra Points SWX Podcast HD Doppler 6i Featured Slideshows Tri-City Americans National Scores College Scores High School Scores Report a Score WSU Gonzaga EWU Whitworth Idaho Washington CWU Bobcats Grizzlies Seattle Seahawks Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire HydroInsider.com Pro Sports The Offseason Tri-City Americans High School Scores Student Athlete Greater Spokane League Yakima & Tri-Cities HS Sports High School Sports Prep Countdown All Video College Pro High School Gonzaga Yakima & Tri-Cities HS Sports WSU EWU VC - Spokane Empire Road & Pass Conditions Radar Satellite School Closures & Delays Ski Conditions SWX Contact Information SWX on TV SWX Program Guide Advertise with SWX Closed Captioning Inquiries Jobs at SWX KHQ Right Now NBC Right Now APPLE CUP 2016: Upsetting the Apple Tree by Femi Abebefe, SWX Sports Reporter APPLE CUP 2016: Upsetting the Apple TreeMore>> Apple Cup Coverage Apple Cup Coverage Complete Apple Cup coverage brought to you by SWX.More >> Complete Apple Cup coverage brought to you by SWX.More >> SPOKANE, Wash. - It’s what happens when the underdog defeats the heavy favorite. When the unexpected happens and leaves everyone shocked, wondering what they just saw. It’s unsure how the term “upset” entered the sports world, but now that it has, it’s given us some of the most memorable moments in competition, and the Apple Cup is no exception. For 108 years the Cougars and Huskies have gotten together at the end of the season to see who reigns supreme in the Evergreen state. Friday will be the second time ever (1936) the Apple Cup has been played straight up for a title, meaning both programs have had their fair share of ups and downs. So without further ado, let’s take a look at some of the most memorable Apple Cup upsets since 1992 and how they’ve shaped the rivalry: 1992 “Snow Bowl” (Washington State def. No. 5 Washington 42-23) Ask any diehard Washington State Cougar fan about the 1992 Apple Cup and it will likely bring a smile to their face. Going in, led by legendary coach Don James, the defending national champion Washington Huskies were ranked 5th in the nation and looking to win their fourth straight against WSU, but the Cougs had other ideas. In what looked like a Winter Wonderland at Martin Stadium, head coach Mike Price and his Cougars embraced the elements and hit the Huskies with a flurry of flakes in the 2nd half including the defining moment of the season, and quite possibly the program’s history, as Drew Bledsoe threw a 44-yard touchdown to Philip Bobo who hauled it in and slid on the icy field at Martin Stadium and into the back of the end zone. The Cougars would never look back, as they sent Don James out with a loss in the last Apple Cup he’d ever coach. Washington State would eventually beat Utah in the Copper Bowl five weeks later to finish the season 9-3. 2002 “Dawg Daze” (Washington def. No. 3 Washington State 29-26 3OT) A decade after the epic Snow Bowl upset in favor of the Cougs, it would be the Huskies turn to shock the Palouse. Going into the 2002 Apple Cup, the 3rd ranked Washington State Cougars (9-1), led by Heisman hopeful quarterback Jason Gesser, were heavy favorites against the 6-5 Huskies. Back then, the FBS used the Bowl Championship Series rankings to decide the top two teams that would play for the national championship. At number three, the Cougars were very much in the mix to play for the national title and just needed to win the Apple Cup, and then the season finale against UCLA to have a shot at a national title. However, November 23rd, 2002, might go down as one of the biggest disappointments in WSU football history. Leading 17-10 in the 4th quarter, Gesser injured his ankle and was forced to miss the rest of the game. Enter in backup quarterback Matt Kegel who was now faced with the task of preserving the Cougars national title hopes. With a 3-point lead, future NBA point guard Nate Robinson intercepted Kegel deep in Washington State territory. The Huskies would add a field goal to send the game to overtime. In fact, this game would need three overtimes, and with the rival Huskies up 29-26, Kegel and the Cougar offense would take the field hoping to push it to a fourth. Unfortunately for WSU, the first play of their third overtime possession would become the most controversial play in Apple Cup history. Kegel attempted to throw a screen to his left, but the ball was batted by Kai Ellis, who nearly picked it off before it bounced off the Martin Stadium turf. After a lengthy discussion, the officials would rule it as a backward pass and fumble recovered by the Huskies to end the game. The Cougars would still win the Pac-10 and go to the Rose Bowl, but would lose to a talented Oklahoma team. To make matters worse, WSU head coach Mike Price left the program to go coach at the University of Alabama. Washington followed the win with a loss to Purdue in the Sun Bowl. 2012 “Cougar Curtain Call” (Washington State def. No. 25 Washington 31-28 OT) Funny thing about this here Apple Cup, every 10 years there seems to be a game that will go down in the rivalries’ history. In 2012 it wasn’t because of the prowess of these two teams, but because of what went down at Martin Stadium. Led by Washington head coach Steve Sarkisian, the 25th ranked Huskies were riding a four-game winning streak and brought a 7-4 record to the Palouse to face a 2-9 Cougars team. Early on, things played out as expected; the Huskies dominated the first three quarters and led the Cougs 28-10. But what happened next was magical for WSU fans, and a gut-punch to the UW faithful. In Cougar head coach Mike Leach’s first Apple Cup, senior quarterback Jeff Tuel and senior running back Carl Winston would play the quarter of their lives. Overall, Tuel threw 350 yards and Winston ran for three touchdowns, neither performances were pretty I might add, but they showed the grit and determination that defines the Apple Cup. After an Andrew Furney 48-yard field goal, the 2012 Apple Cup would head to overtime. This is where Husky fans should cover their eyes. The Dawgs would start with the ball, but on the first play of overtime, quarterback Keith Price would be pressured to throw and ill-advised pass to defensive lineman Kalafitoni Pole who intercepted it and nearly returned it back for a game-winning touchdown. The Cougars would settle for getting the ball back knowing they only needed a field goal to avoid a 2-10 season. Four plays later, Furney would trot out onto the field to make a 27-yard field goal to stun the Huskies 31-28 in overtime. The 18-point comeback is the largest in the Apple Cup’s 108-year existence. The Cougars finished the year giving Coach Leach his first Apple Cup win, while the Huskies would later head to the Las Vegas Bowl where they lost to Boise State. That’s just a little bite of the apple of what this rivalry can bring to the table. Friday’s match-up looks like one for the ages on paper, but if there’s anything the Apple Cup has taught us over the past 108 years, it’s to expect a roller coaster of emotions with a fantastic finish. College SportsCollegeMore>> No. 5 Gonzaga outscores San Francisco 95-80 to remain unbeaten No. 5 Gonzaga outscores San Francisco 95-80 to remain unbeaten Gonzaga Athletics Gonzaga Athletics SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Nigel Williams-Goss spent Sunday and Monday in bed and only regained his strength from an awful stomach bug a couple of days ago. Nobody would have ever known it the way he shot during a career scoring night. Williams-Goss scored 36 points as No. 5 Gonzaga used its accurate shooting all over the court to beat San Francisco 95-80 on Thursday. ''He had the flu really, really bad, as bad probably as we've had that I can remember,'' coach Mark Few ...More >> Gonzaga Athletics SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Nigel Williams-Goss spent Sunday and Monday in bed and only regained his strength from an awful stomach bug a couple of days ago. Nobody would have ever known it the way he shot during a career scoring night. Williams-Goss scored 36 points as No. 5 Gonzaga used its accurate shooting all over the court to beat San Francisco 95-80 on Thursday. ''He had the flu really, really bad, as bad probably as we've had that I can remember,'' coach Mark Few ...More >> Gonzaga pushes past USF 61-46, earns first WCC win Gonzaga pushes past USF 61-46, earns first WCC win Gonzaga Athletics SPOKANE, Wash. -- The Gonzaga Bulldogs needed to see some shots drop, and when they did, the result was a 61-46 victory over San Francisco inside the McCarthey Athletic Center Thursday night. The Bulldogs used their defense to stay within striking distance in the first half, holding USF to 36 percent shooting, while shooting 23 percent themselves, but only trailing 22-20. That defense allowed an offense to get running in the third quarter with five three-pointers on six attempts, and...More >> SPOKANE, Wash. -- The Gonzaga Bulldogs needed to see some shots drop, and when they did, the result was a 61-46 victory over San Francisco inside the McCarthey Athletic Center Thursday night. The Bulldogs used their defense to stay within striking distance in the first half, holding USF to 36 percent shooting, while shooting 23 percent themselves, but only trailing 22-20. That defense allowed an offense to get running in the third quarter with five three-pointers on six attempts, and...More >> Idaho snaps 32-year drought at Dahlberg; Vandals beat Montana 86-59 Idaho snaps 32-year drought at Dahlberg; Vandals beat Montana 86-59 Idaho Athletics Idaho Athletics MISSOULA, Mont.—The Idaho women's basketball team broke a 32-year drought on Thursday night with an 86-59 win on Thursday. The Vandals left Dahlberg arena with a win for the first win in Missoula since Feb. 8, 1985. How it Happened Idaho (6-7, 1-1 BSC) controlled the game from start to finish on Thursday. Idaho held the lead for all but 1:42, only seeing it slip away with an early 2-2 tie in the first quarter. Three Vandals finished the night in double fi...More >> Idaho Athletics MISSOULA, Mont.—The Idaho women's basketball team broke a 32-year drought on Thursday night with an 86-59 win on Thursday. The Vandals left Dahlberg arena with a win for the first win in Missoula since Feb. 8, 1985. How it Happened Idaho (6-7, 1-1 BSC) controlled the game from start to finish on Thursday. Idaho held the lead for all but 1:42, only seeing it slip away with an early 2-2 tie in the first quarter. Three Vandals finished the night in double fi...More >> Vandals lose to Montana 70-57; fall to 0-2 in Big Sky Vandals lose to Montana 70-57; fall to 0-2 in Big Sky Idaho Athletics Idaho Athletics MOSCOW, Idaho – Another slow start got the best of the Vandals as Idaho (5-8, 0-2 BSC) dropped its second Big Sky game of the year to Montana (7-9, 2-1 BSC), 70-57, on Thursday night in the Cowan Spectrum. THE GAME Montana took a 10-point lead into the half after knocking down seven 3-pointers in the opening 20 minutes.  The Vandals struggled shooting early on, connecting on 7-of-23 attempts from the floor in the first half. Idaho would mount a comeback ...More >> Idaho Athletics MOSCOW, Idaho – Another slow start got the best of the Vandals as Idaho (5-8, 0-2 BSC) dropped its second Big Sky game of the year to Montana (7-9, 2-1 BSC), 70-57, on Thursday night in the Cowan Spectrum. THE GAME Montana took a 10-point lead into the half after knocking down seven 3-pointers in the opening 20 minutes.  The Vandals struggled shooting early on, connecting on 7-of-23 attempts from the floor in the first half. Idaho would mount a comeback ...More >> Eagles swarm Montana State to improve to 2-0 in Big Sky Eagles swarm Montana State to improve to 2-0 in Big Sky EWU Athletics Eastern Washington Athletics Tyler Hall got his points, but the Eastern Washington University men's basketball team made up for it with another big night on offense and defense to improve to 8-0 at home this season.   Senior graduate transfer Jacob Wiley scored a career-high 25 points with a near triple-double, and two big scoring runs fueled by defense helped EWU improve to 2-0 in the Big Sky Conference with an 82-64 victory over Montana State Thursday (Jan. 5) at Reese Court i...More >> Eastern Washington Athletics Tyler Hall got his points, but the Eastern Washington University men's basketball team made up for it with another big night on offense and defense to improve to 8-0 at home this season.   Senior graduate transfer Jacob Wiley scored a career-high 25 points with a near triple-double, and two big scoring runs fueled by defense helped EWU improve to 2-0 in the Big Sky Conference with an 82-64 victory over Montana State Thursday (Jan. 5) at Reese Court i...More >> Central Washington Snaps MSUB Men's Winning Streak Central Washington Snaps MSUB Men's Winning Streak Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:48 AM EST2017-01-06 05:48:15 GMT The MSUB men and women both fall in Thursday night GNAC action. More >> The MSUB men and women both fall in Thursday night GNAC action.More >> Rocky Men Get Home Win Over LC State Rocky Men Get Home Win Over LC State Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:46 AM EST2017-01-06 05:46:19 GMT Rocky men come away with a big win over the visiting LC State Warriors, while the women fall on their home court. More >> Rocky men come away with a big win over the visiting LC State Warriors, while the women fall on their home court.More >> Cooper Kupp Repeats as offensive player of the year Cooper Kupp Repeats as offensive player of the year Kupp Repeats as Offensive Player of The Year Already hard at work preparing for the National Football League draft, Cooper Kupp continues to be rewarded for his work at the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision level. The record-breaking senior wide receiver was selected by the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision Athletic Director's Association as a repeat selection for its FCS Offensive Player of the Year Award announced Thursday (Jan. 5). More >> Already hard at work preparing for the National Football League draft, Cooper Kupp continues to be rewarded for his work at the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision level. The record-breaking senior wide receiver was selected by the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision Athletic Director's Association as a repeat selection for its FCS Offensive Player of the Year Award announced Thursday (Jan. 5).More >> Washington State moves to 2-0 in Pac-12 play with win over Oregon State Washington State moves to 2-0 in Pac-12 play with win over Oregon State SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) - Josh Hawkinson scored 20 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as Washington State beat Oregon State 75-62 on Wednesday in the Spokane Arena. Ike Iroegbu added 15 points for Washington State (9-5, 2-0 Pacific 12), which won its fourth straight game. Malachi Flynn added 13 big points, most of which came in the closing minutes. Kendal Manuel had a career-high 20 points for Oregon State (4-12, 0-3), which had won six straight games o... More >> SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) - Josh Hawkinson scored 20 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as Washington State beat Oregon State 75-62 on Wednesday in the Spokane Arena. Ike Iroegbu added 15 points for Washington State (9-5, 2-0 Pacific 12), which won its fourth straight game. Malachi Flynn added 13 big points, most of which came in the closing minutes. Kendal Manuel had a career-high 20 points for Oregon State (4-12, 0-3), which had won six straight games o...More >> Cats looking to lock down on defense Cats looking to lock down on defense Updated: Wednesday, January 4 2017 1:37 AM EST2017-01-04 06:37:20 GMT Following a conference-opening split last weekend at home at the Brick Breeden Fieldhouse, defense has become the name of the game for the Montana State men's basketball team. More >> Following a conference-opening split last weekend at home at the Brick Breeden Fieldhouse, defense has become the name of the game for the Montana State men's basketball team.More >>    KHQ Right Now KHQ Right Now Spokane, Coeur d'Alene and surrounding areas.More >> Spokane, Coeur d'Alene and surrounding areas. More >> NBC Right Now NBC Right Now Kennwick-Richland-Pasco, Yakima and surrounding communities. More >> Kennwick-Richland-Pasco, Yakima and surrounding communities.More >> KULR 8 KULR 8 Breaking news, weather and community information for Billings, MT and surrounding areas.More >> Billings, Mont. and surrounding area, including northern Wyoming. More >> WashingtonMore>> Four Washington Husky football players declare for the 2017 NFL Draft Four Washington Husky football players declare for the 2017 NFL Draft Ross, Qualls, Baker and Jones Declare For 2017 NFL Draft Four Washington football players – safety Budda Baker, cornerback Sidney Jones, defensive lineman Elijah Qualls and wide receiver John Ross – have opted to forgo their senior seasons and enter their names in the 2017 NFL Draft.   "These four players have been a big part of the progress this program has made during their time here," said UW head coach Chris Petersen. "We wish them all the success in the world as they pursue thei... More >> Four Washington football players – safety Budda Baker, cornerback Sidney Jones, defensive lineman Elijah Qualls and wide receiver John Ross – have opted to forgo their senior seasons and enter their names in the 2017 NFL Draft.   "These four players have been a big part of the progress this program has made during their time here," said UW head coach Chris Petersen. "We wish them all the success in the world as they pursue thei...More >> No. 4 Huskies earn spot in College Football Playoff, will face No. 1 Alabama No. 4 Huskies earn spot in College Football Playoff, will face No. 1 Alabama Courtesy: UW Athletics In the end, true chaos never came to college football this season. Four teams that started near the top of the College Football Playoff rankings will play for the national championship. Alabama will face Washington in one semifinal and Clemson meets Ohio State in the other. None of them were ranked any lower than sixth since the selection committee started ranking teams in early November. Even after a wild finish to championship Saturday, selection Sunday went pretty much as expecte...More >> In the end, true chaos never came to college football this season. Four teams that started near the top of the College Football Playoff rankings will play for the national championship. Alabama will face Washington in one semifinal and Clemson meets Ohio State in the other. None of them were ranked any lower than sixth since the selection committee started ranking teams in early November. Even after a wild finish to championship Saturday, selection Sunday went pretty much as expecte...More >> No. 4 Huskies claim Pac-12 championship after clobbering No. 9 Colorado 41-10 No. 4 Huskies claim Pac-12 championship after clobbering No. 9 Colorado 41-10 Courtesy: University of Washington UW Athletics SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — Taylor Rapp returned one of his two interceptions for a touchdown and Myles Gaskin ran for 159 yards to help No. 4 Washington strengthen its case for a playoff berth with a 41-10 victory over No. 9 Colorado in the Pac-12 championship game Friday night. "We think we have a heck of a team and we think we belong in there," coach Chris Petersen said. "I think they'll do what they should do, which is the right thing. ... These ...More >> UW Athletics SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — Taylor Rapp returned one of his two interceptions for a touchdown and Myles Gaskin ran for 159 yards to help No. 4 Washington strengthen its case for a playoff berth with a 41-10 victory over No. 9 Colorado in the Pac-12 championship game Friday night. "We think we have a heck of a team and we think we belong in there," coach Chris Petersen said. "I think they'll do what they should do, which is the right thing. ... These ...More >> Huskies back in top 4 of College Football Playoff Huskies back in top 4 of College Football Playoff Ohio State held firm at second in the College Football Playoff rankings, putting the Buckeyes in position to become the first team to be selected to the final four without winning its conference. The second-to-last rankings were released Tuesday night and Alabama was No. 1, followed by Ohio State, Clemson and Washington. The Crimson Tide, Tigers and Huskies all play conference championship games this weekend and presumably would be in good shape to make the playoff if they win. The f... More >> Ohio State held firm at second in the College Football Playoff rankings, putting the Buckeyes in position to become the first team to be selected to the final four without winning its conference. The second-to-last rankings were released Tuesday night and Alabama was No. 1, followed by Ohio State, Clemson and Washington. The Crimson Tide, Tigers and Huskies all play conference championship games this weekend and presumably would be in good shape to make the playoff if they win. The f...More >> All Pac-12 Conference team announced ; UW's Browning wins Pac-12 Offensive Player of Year All Pac-12 Conference team announced ; UW's Browning wins Pac-12 Offensive Player of Year All Pac-12 Conference Team Announced The all Pac-12 conference team was announced Tuesday and it's the Washington Huskies leading the way with nine 1st team selections, while the Cougars have two. Along with a first team selection, Washington Huskies quarterback Jake Browning has won the Pac-12's offensive player of the year award. Browning has led the Huskies to 11 wins for the first time since 2000, while throwing 40 touchdowns and over 3,000 yards. The Washington Huskies will be playing the Colorado Buffalo this Satu...More >> The all Pac-12 conference team was announced Tuesday and it's the Washington Huskies leading the way with nine 1st team selections, while the Cougars have two. Along with a first team selection, Washington Huskies quarterback Jake Browning has won the Pac-12's offensive player of the year award. Browning has led the Huskies to 11 wins for the first time since 2000, while throwing 40 touchdowns and over 3,000 yards. The Washington Huskies will be playing the Colorado Buffalo this Satu...More >> Huskies beat WSU 45-17 to win fourth straight Apple Cup Huskies beat WSU 45-17 to win Apple Cup Browning threw for 292 yards and three touchdowns and the Huskies used a 28-point first quarter to beat No. 23 Washington State on Friday, claiming the Apple Cup for the fourth straight year and the Pac-12 North title.More >> Browning threw for 292 yards and three touchdowns and the Huskies used a 28-point first quarter to beat No. 23 Washington State on Friday, claiming the Apple Cup for the fourth straight year and the Pac-12 North title.More >> PHOTOS: Apple Cup 2016 PULLMAN, Wash. - Regardless of the outcome, it' always fun to watch the Huskies and Cougars battle it out every year in the Apple Cup! This year, the game was in Pullman and KHQ was there the whole way! Take a look at some of the photos we grabbed, and please feel free to post yours to our Facebook page!More >> PULLMAN, Wash. - Regardless of the outcome, it' always fun to watch the Huskies and Cougars battle it out every year in the Apple Cup! This year, the game was in Pullman and KHQ was there the whole way! Take a look at some of the photos we grabbed, and please feel free to post yours to our Facebook page!More >> Apple Cup adds to already historic seasons for Cougars, Huskies PULLMAN, Wash. - The hype surrounding the 2016 Apple Cup arrived early, maybe more so than ever before. The phrase "I can't wait for the Apple Cup" was uttered many times by fans (and even the media) as we all looked ahead to Black Friday. By the time the season hit mid-October, it was obvious this year's Cougars and Huskies were two of the best teams in each program's history. More >> PULLMAN, Wash. - The hype surrounding the 2016 Apple Cup arrived early, maybe more so than ever before. The phrase "I can't wait for the Apple Cup" was uttered many times by fans (and even the media) as we all looked ahead to Black Friday. By the time the season hit mid-October, it was obvious this year's Cougars and Huskies were two of the best teams in each program's history. More >> Apple Cup Alumni Face-Off Apple Cup Alumni Face-Off SPOKANE, Wash. - When Washington State University and the University of Washington take the field on November 25th, it won't just be for the Pac-12 North title. The Apple Cup represents an opportunity for bragging rights between the East and West sides of the state.  Both institutions have very proud and passionate fans and alumni, and they're never shy about sharing that with the opposition. More >> SPOKANE, Wash. - When Washington State University and the University of Washington take the field on November 25th, it won't just be for the Pac-12 North title. The Apple Cup represents an opportunity for bragging rights between the East and West sides of the state.  Both institutions have very proud and passionate fans and alumni, and they're never shy about sharing that with the opposition. More >> APPLE CUP TRIVIA SPOKANE, Wash. - So you think you know everything about the Apple Cup? Well, let's just see. Take this quiz (MOBILE USERS CLICK HERE FOR QUIZ), and let us know your results on our Facebook page.  Then take your new-found knowledge of Washington's best rivalry and tell all of your friends while you drive to the game on Friday!  Have fun!  More >> SPOKANE, Wash. - So you think you know everything about the Apple Cup? Well, let's just see. Take this quiz (MOBILE USERS CLICK HERE FOR QUIZ), and let us know your results on our Facebook page.  Then take your new-found knowledge of Washington's best rivalry and tell all of your friends while you drive to the game on Friday!  Have fun! More >>    All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 SWXRN. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! The iPhone is becoming increasingly expensive for Apple to make – ZDNet Posted on November 21, 2016 by ZDNet Given how much product Apple shifts in a quarter, and the dollars that the company brings in, you’d think analysts would be over the moon. But declining iPhone gross margins have some worried. See also: How Apple plans to make more money from its … Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocatesBGR Apple to replace iPhone 6S batteries in some handsets due to shutdown flawArs Technica Larger-screened iPhones will see AAPL’s gross margin continue to decline, say analysts9 to 5 Mac Tech Times -Business Insider -PC Magazine -AOL News all 239 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple offers new battery for iPhone 6s phones that suddenly shut down – PCWorld Posted on November 21, 2016 by PCWorld Apple has said that a few iPhone 6s smartphones are unexpectedly shutting down, confirming a problem reported last week by a Chinese consumer protection group. The company said the problem is restricted to a small number of phones within a limited … Apple to replace iPhone 6S batteries in some handsets due to shutdown flawArs Technica Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocatesBGR Larger-screened iPhones will see AAPL’s gross margin continue to decline, say analysts9 to 5 Mac Tech Times -PC Magazine -Business Insider -ZDNet all 228 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Switch to IGZO Display Panels for MacBook Pro This Year? Apple Shares Five Wallpapers That Celebrate the Chinese New Year [Download] Yalu Jailbreak Gains Support for TSMC iPhone 6s and iPhone SE But Still Has a 'Pretty Serious Bug' Apple Pays Tim Cook Less Following Missed Revenue and Profit Goals Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch Dell Unveils World's First 8K 32-inch Monitor Apple to Open First Retail Store in South Korea Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color Capture and Display, Live Photos Western Digital Announces SanDisk 256GB USB Flash Drive With 420MB/s Read and 380MB/s Write Speeds Suspected Apple Partner Energous Says Wireless Charging Transmitters Will Begin Shipping by Year's End Incipio OX Case Brings Headphone Jack Back to the iPhone 7 OWC DEC Attaches to the Bottom of the MacBook Pro, Adds USB 3, SD Card Slot, Ethernet, Additional Storage D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The World's First Smart Hairbrush [Video] Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotion, Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Purchase of Mac or iPhone Chamberlain Smart Hub Brings Apple HomeKit Support to Almost Any Existing Garage Door Opener Linksys Launches Velop Modular Mesh Wi-Fi System [Video] Moen Announces 'U by Moen' Wi-Fi Shower System That Can Be Controlled By Your iPhone [Video] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store Apple Has Reportedly Abandoned Development of Its AirPort Wireless Routers LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 21, 2016 at 2:47pm by iClarified · 7170 views · Translate Apple has disbanded the division that develops wireless routers, abandoning the AirPort lineup of routers popular with Mac customers, reports Bloomberg. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn't refreshed its routers since 2013 and disbanding the team likely means the company isn't planning to unveil new ones. Currently, Apple sells three routers, the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time Capsule. Although Apple's wireless routers don't have as many options as some third party devices, their compatibility with the company's Macs, iPhones, and other devices made them a good choice. Hopefully, Apple will partner with another company to offer a product tailored to its products similar to how it worked with LG to unveil new monitors after discontinuing the Cinema Display. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the report. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (14) Add Comment SimonSays - November 22, 2016 at 3:46pm This sucks. Love my time capsule! It's the only router that never needs to be rebooted because it's frozen or doesn't work. I've had netgear, linksys, d-link and Asus and they all freeze every few days needing a reboot. Not the airport! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Meow - November 21, 2016 at 10:47pm No surprise since they haven't had firmware upgrade for over several years on top of hardware Reply · Like · Mark as Spam SimonSays - November 22, 2016 at 3:47pm That's because there is nothing wrong with them to need a firmware update/bug fix. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 1 lepaka - November 21, 2016 at 7:45pm I have 2 Extreme and 1 Express still older versions, only n protocol, but they are the best in the marked. ZERO problems, ZERO necessities for whatever configurations ... the best wireless routers available on the market :) Reply · Like · Mark as Spam ShadowOne - November 21, 2016 at 4:36pm Good riddance. I've had a couple of their routers before but they were extremely inflexible with the network configurations. Totally not worth the premium that they charged. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 9 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility Apple could lose billions on Progressive Web Apps, but it has no choice There are many reasons for Apple to say no to Progressive Web Apps, but the company won't allow Android to offer a better user experience on the mobile web. By Matt Asay | November 21, 2016, 5:55 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Sarah Tew/CNET One of the lessons coming from Google's Chrome Dev Summit is that the web is back on the menu for Google. Though the web giant allowed Apple to set the tempo in HTML5, Google is now pushing the mobile web forward in at least two big ways. First, Google is now prioritizing its mobile search index. Second, Google has gotten religion on the adoption of Progressive Web Apps (PWA). It's perhaps not surprising that Google would double-down on the mobile web. The more time people spend on the web, the more ads they click. That's always been its "secret" plan behind Android. But, what about Apple? While Google can influence the fate of billions of mobile users as the market share leader, Apple's voice on PWA matters, and to date it's only willing to say they're "under consideration." Not to worry, though. There is ample reason to believe that Apple will get behind PWA as much, or potentially more, than Google. Billions of reasons to say no While some have called a ceiling on the importance of apps (" Have we reached peak app?"), Apple continues to ride the app gravy train to the tune of billions of dollars each year. It's therefore easy to answer Elastic Path co-founder Jason Billingsley's question ("What is the motivation at Apple to support PWA in Safari?") with a stout "None." More about Mobility Goalmap: Set and track goals easily via this Android app How to improve the security and privacy of your iPhone: 5 steps Alibaba's YunOS overtakes iOS in China, but what is it? Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter And yet, that would be the wrong response. After all, Apple has always cared far more about user experience than shielding a few billion dollars from possible cannibalization. For example, it was Apple, not Google, that worked hardest to improve HTML5 performance on its devices, despite those same billions of app dollars at stake. Eventually, Google followed Apple's lead on iOS, replacing UIWebView with WKWebView, but it was Apple that first made the change. Also, Apple doesn't have a choice. Not really. Can't stop PWA if you tried It's already true, as Jason Grigsby pointed out, that "Just because iOS doesn't support every aspect of Progressive Web Apps, doesn't mean that Progressive Web Apps won't work on iOS." They do, at least in significant part. As Grigsby continued, "Early evidence indicates that Progressive Web Apps perform better on iOS than the sites they replace." So, even if a company replaces their stock responsive website with a PWA-oriented site for its Android users, iOS users are going to benefit, too. But Apple is never content with winning by accident. It's just a matter of time before the company gets behind PWA in a big way, just as it did with HTML5. There's zero chance that Apple is going to allow Android to offer a better user experience than iOS. Zero. Click here to subscribe to our Enterprise Mobility newsletter. Subscribe Also see Chrome improvements finally catch up to Google's mobile promises (TechRepublic) Google Chrome starts blocking Flash tracking for better battery life and performance (TechRepublic) No one downloads apps anymore: True or false? (TechRepublic) Google's master plan for Android: More Internet users paying $6.30 a pop (TechRepublic) Here's what open source critics are missing in their Apple-bashing (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Matt Asay Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Full Bio Contact See all of Matt's content Google+ mjasay × Full Bio Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Interviewing guidelines policy Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is killing its line of routers Kif Leswing Nov. 21, 2016, 9:29 AM 11,577 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Apple has disbanded the division within the company that develops its wireless routers, Bloomberg reported on Monday. The engineers who formerly worked on the AirPort Extreme, Airport Express, and AirPort Time Capsule have been moved to other products, including the Apple TV, according to the report. Apple's routers create Wi-Fi home networks to connect computers and phones to the internet. Apple's routers have never been a big business for the company. Apple reports its router revenue as "other bets," as opposed to Mac or iPhone sales, which are reported individually.  The company has not updated the devices since 2013 and the decision has not been officially announced by the company. A premium device Apple's $99 AirPort Express Amazon Apple's routers have always been premium-priced devices, compared to routers from other brands. They start at $99 and the AirPort Time Capsule costs $299. They have an easy-to-use setup that works well for households with other Apple products.  Apple's decision to reportedly exit the router business comes as other companies, such as Google and Eero, have embraced new router technologies. These next-generation routers come with several different access points, for better Wi-Fi coverage, and can cost up to $499. Earlier this year, Apple killed one of its legacy product lines, external desktop monitors. The company pointed people who wanted an Apple-approved setup to an LG-branded option.  SEE ALSO: Microsoft's Surface Book beats the new MacBook Pro — here's why NOW WATCH: Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 11 reasons the next iPhone will blow everyone away Loading video... More: Apple Wi-Fi AirPort Extreme AirPort Express Tim Capsule facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is killing its line of routers Apple is killing its line of routers Apple has disbanded the division within the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Twice as bright LG V20 review - - - Apple begins repairs on iPhone 6s units that shut down unexpectedly Post your comment Comments (13) Peter, 21 November 2016 Apple iOS After Apple acknowledged the Touch disease issue of the iPhone 6 Plus, now the following generation faces issues - a limited number of iPhone 6s phones experience unexpected shutdowns. Apple clarified that this is not a safety issue, but the battery will need to be changed. You need to visit an Apple retail store or an authorized service provider. Your iPhone will be examined beforehand to make sure it needs and is eligible for the repair. Only iPhones 6s phones built between September and October 2015 are affected. You can call Apple with your phones serial number to check if its affected. If it is, you need to backup your data to iTunes or iCloud, turn off Find my iPhone and reset your phone. Some additional restrictions apply, check the source link for more details. If you already paid for a replacement battery, contact Apple for a refund. Source | Via Related articles Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 6 Plus "touch disease" Apple details out-of-warranty repair costs for the iPhone 6 family The iPhone 6S is the best-selling smartphone in the US Apple acknowledges issue with iPhone 6s battery percentage indicator Reader comments Anonymous Ibxp 23 Nov 2016 Unexpectedly shut down you know why? Beacuse they been having battery issues and and lie to ther customer by creating a software update to shut it down and when they bring it to a apple to be fixed all of the sudden the battery is replaced. Reply Diemut 6cYp 22 Nov 2016 no one vendors did not had an issues, even this biggest one Reply Anonymous U}}A 22 Nov 2016 i agree... note4 users too.... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 13 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo YU verykool Maxwest NIU Yezz Parla Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,359 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,458 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 90,389 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 71,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64,217 6. vivo V5 64,196 7. Oppo F1s 58,861 8. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 57,986 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,557 10. Lenovo K6 Note 48,053 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,799 2. OnePlus 3 1,563 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,512 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,477 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,359 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,356 7. HTC 10 1,315 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,132 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,130 10. LG G5 1,112 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Mobile Apple says it’ll fix problematic iPhone 6s units after pressure from consumer advocates Chris Smith @chris_writes November 21st, 2016 at 7:45 AM Share Tweet Apple announced a few days ago a replacement program for the iPhone 6 Plus’s Touch Disease issue, a fix that’ll cost you $149. The company is back with a new official repair program, one that addresses the iPhone 6s’s unexpected shutdown issue. And this one is available for free to affected users. DON’T MISS: Take a look at Apple’s new design book without spending $300 If the issue sounds familiar, that’s because a Chinese consumer advocacy group took an official stance against Apple on the matter a few days ago. What happens with a device suffering from this problem is that the iPhone would shut down unexpectedly, even when there’s enough battery charge left. The fix is apparently very simple: Apple will just swap out the battery for free. “Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down,” the company wrote on its website. “This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015.” “If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device’s serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge.” The issue may have affected a “small number” of iPhone 6s devices, but that number must be significant, given the Chinese investigation of the issue. Apple notes that only the battery replacement is free. And other repairs the iPhone 6s would require, such as fixing a broken screen, would cost extra. If you’ve fixed your shutdown problem by buying a new battery from Apple, you’re eligible for a refund. The iPhone 6s unexpected shutdown fix program will be available for three years after the first retail sale of the handset Tags: Apple, iPhone 6s View Comments Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 Business The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine Picked For You Leaked photo may be our first ever look at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith January 5th at 9:41 AM Nvidia made a Google Home that’s better than Google Home By Chris Smith January 5th at 1:01 PM Only power users know about these secret iPhone features By Zach Epstein January 5th at 12:11 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Apple repair programs for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus Posted on Monday, November 21st, 2016 at 6:40 am. PT Written by Dave Mark From the Apple support page for the iPhone 6s unexpected shutdown problem: Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device’s serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge. And from the Apple support page for the Multi-Touch repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus: Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149. Curious how they verify the “dropped multiple times on a hard surface” issue. There a sensor for that? By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Thanks to Depth Effects, which lets everyone to get beautiful Portrait Mode photos with their iPhone, for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2017 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more Chris Smith BGR NewsNovember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Don’t expect Apple to significantly reduce the prices of any of its hot products on Black Friday. That’s never going to happen. The company is already promoting holiday gift ideas on its website (with free shipping included) and offering small incentives to use Apple Pay online, but that’s about everything you can expect. The real Black Friday deals on Apple hardware come from Apple’s retail partners, including electronics retailers and wireless carriers looking to capture your attention during the busy holidays shopping season. In what follows, we’ve listed some of the best deals you’ll find on the iPhone 7, Macs and iPads during the Black Friday 2016 shopping season. DEAL ALERT: Don’t like these deals? Check out an even bigger Black Friday sale right here iPhone Best Buy: iPhone 7 with installment billing agreement from AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon (up to $250 Best Buy gift card) Best Buy: iPhone SE starting at $9.99/month for 24 months from AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon (save $160) eBay: $619.99 32GB iPhone 7 Unlocked (save $29.01) eBay: $709.99 32GB iPhone 7 Unlocked (save $39.01) eBay:: $799.99 32GB iPhone 7 Unlocked (save $49.01) Sam’s Club: iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus – Prices on Nov. 22nd Sam’s Club: $250 gift card and waived activation on any iPhone (iPhone 7 included) bought on installment plan – deal starts on November 12th T-Mobile: iPhone for all: iPhone SE 16gb $99 after bill credits T-Mobile: iPhone accessory bundle: 30% off iPhone accessories when you buy three Target: Free iPhone 7 with qualified AT&T, Sprint, or Verizon plan (get a $250 Target Gift Card) Target: Free iPhone 7 Plus with qualified AT&T, Sprint, or Verizon plan (get a $250 Target Gift Card) Target: 10% off all iPhones – on November 20th part of the 10 Days of Deals promotion Walmart: $99 16GB iPhone 5s on Straight Talk Wireless (save $50) iPad Best Buy: Save $125 on all 9.7-inch iPad Pro eBay: $649.99 256GB 12.9-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi (all colors) – eBay Cyber Monday deal hhgregg: $729.99 32GB 12.9-inch iPad Pro with Wi-Fi (save $79) hhgregg: $549.99 32GB 9.7-inch iPad Pro with Wi-Fi (save $50) hhgregg: $32GB 9.7-inch iPad Air 2 with Wi-Fi (save $50) Sam’s Club: $175 off any 9.7-inch iPad Pro – online exclusive T-Mobile: iPad on us promo: Free iPad (Mini 4 via Bill Credits), $250 off 32GB iPad Pro 9.7 32gb or iPad Air 2 Target: Starting at $449 9.7-inch iPad Pro (save $150.99) Target: Starting at $274 iPad Air 2 (save $125.99) Target: Starting $199.79 iPad mini 2 (save $70.20) Target: 10% off all iPads – on November 20th part of the 10 Days of Deals promotion Walmart: $269 32GB Apple iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi (save $50) – pre-Black Friday deal Walmart: $199 32GB iPad mini 2 (save $70) Mac Amazon: $1,399 13.3-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar (save $100) Best Buy: $1,599.99 27-inch iMac (save $200) Best Buy: $999.99 13-inch MacBook Air (save $200) Best Buy: $899.99 21.5-inch iMac (save $200) Best Buy: $799.99 13-inch MacBook Air (save $200) Best Buy: Save up to $200 on select MacBook models eBay: $1,899.99 Apple iMac MK482LL/A, 27-inch 5K, i5, 8GB, 2TB Fusion (save $249) – eBay Cyber Monday deal eBay: $786.99 Apple MacBook Air MMGF2LL/A, i5, 8GB, 128GB SSD(save $162) – eBay Cyber Monday deal Newegg: $379.99 11.6-inch MacBook Air (save $120) Apple TV Best Buy: $159.99 64GB Apple TV (save $40) hhgregg: $129.99 32GB Apple TV (save $20) Meijer: $52.49 Apple TV (save $17.50) – Thanksgiving Day deal Target: 25% off on all Apple TV models Beats Headphones Target: $180 Beats Solo 2 wireless headphones (save $119.99) Target: $89.99 Powerbeats 2 Wireless headphones (save $110) – on Thanksgiving Day part of the 10 Days of Deals promotion Target: 10% off all Beats headphones – on November 20th part of the 10 Days of Deals promotion Walmart: $145 Beats by Dr. Dre Solo2 On-Ear Headphones (save $55) – pre-Black Friday deal Walmart: $69 Beats by Dr. Dre urBeats In-Ear Earbud Headphones: (save $31) – pre-Black Friday deal Apple Watch Kohl’s: $369 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm (get $105 in Kohl’s Cash) Kohl’s: $Apple Watch Series 1 38mm (get $75 in Kohl’s Cash) Target: Starting at $369 Apple Watch Series 2 Target: $198 Apple Watch Series 1 (save $71.98) iPod touch Target: 20% off all iPod models Target: 10% off all iPods – on November 20th part of the 10 Days of Deals promotion Toys R Us: Apple iPod touch 6th generation— Save $50 iTunes gift cards Best Buy: Buy one iTunes Gift Card get one 30% off BJ’s: $96.99 iTunes $100 gift card (save $10 extra with coupon) BJ’s: $48.99 iTunes $50 gift card (save $5 extra with coupon) GameStop: $50 iTunes card (Get $8 iTunes bonus) GameStop: $25 iTunes card (Get $4 iTunes bonus) hhgregg: $44.99 for $50 iTunes Gift Card We’ll update the guide with new deals on Apple hardware as they pop up. Trending right now: Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday 10 hidden iPhone tricks Apple never told you about Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Home Apple is reportedly exiting the router business New, 120 comments No more AirPorts or Time Capsules by Chris Welch Nov 21, 2016, 9:28am EST share tweet Linkedin Apple has disbanded the hardware division responsible for its AirPort Extreme, AirPort Express, and Time Capsule products, according to a report from Bloomberg. The reassignment of employees signals that the company is making a quiet exit from the home router business — just as competitors like Google increase their focus on providing consumers with speedy, reliable Wi-Fi connectivity that blankets entire homes. Apple’s router products were last updated in 2013 with support for 802.11ac Wi-Fi. But that was long before companies like Eero, Netgear, Google and others began manufacturing router systems that use a mesh network approach for better whole-home coverage. Apple’s AirPort devices, which remain available for sale, range in price between $99 and $399. Bloomberg reports that some engineers who formerly worked in the AirPort division have been moved over to Apple TV. Apple’s AirPort Extreme router. It’s been reported that Apple is developing a speaker with built-in Siri capabilities, which would compete with Amazon’s Echo and the more recent Google Home speaker. So while Apple seemingly has plans to expand its role as a connected devices company, if Bloomberg’s report is accurate, it no longer has any desire to be a router company. Next Up In Circuit Breaker I played Battlefield on Razer’s three-screen laptop The Icaros is like VR skydiving crossed with planking This Dell 2-in-1 laptop can wirelessly charge through its keyboard The creative renaissance of the all-in-one PC Build a wall of sound with these stackable speakers Willow’s wireless pump may be a new mom’s breast friend Now Trending This is Apple’s click wheel iPhone prototype Displays are the secret superstars of CES How much can police find out from a murderer’s Echo? This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Movie Review Entertainment Film 15 questions and answers about Underworld: Blood Wars by Tasha Robinson Like: Is it fun? How ridiculous does it get? How much is it like Game Of Thrones? And is this a good place to jump into the franchise? New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft I played Battlefield on Razer’s three-screen laptop by Vlad Savov@vladsavov The Razer Project Valerie prototype is a laptop with not one, not two, but three 17-inch displays. It can run Battlefield 1 at 12K resolution with perfectly smooth frame rates. There’s no price or release date, as this is far from becoming a real... New, 4 comments Science Energy Environment New York City’s closest nuclear power plant may close in five years by Rachel Becker Earlier today, the New York Times reported that the Indian Point nuclear power plant will close by 2021. However, a spokesperson for New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told the Times that the deal is not yet finalized. The Indian Point Energy Center... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Hands-on The Icaros is like VR skydiving crossed with planking by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy “Have we seen the Icaros?” I asked my editor Thomas Ricker on Slack this morning. “It's like a weird VR flying frame.” “We did something. Not sure it was this,” he said. There was a time when VR peripherals were so singular that each one opened up... CES 2017 News Tech Gadgets In another sign it’s making a smartwatch, Fitbit plans to launch its own app store this year by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode And the CEO wants to make his own apps New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This Dell 2-in-1 laptop can wirelessly charge through its keyboard by Nick Statt@nickstatt Wireless charging remains an elusive concept. It pops up here and there, often for mobile devices using special cases, and yet many solutions are painfully incomplete or too cumbersome for consumers to care. The Dell Latitude 7285, a new 2-in-1... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Loading Go Toggle navigation Home Videos DS Presents Cover Shoots Fashion Shoots Dear Katie Fitness Tutorials Step-By-Steps Cover Model Search Bonus Videos Win It News  Inside DS Issues Subscribe  Get The Apps  How To  Ballet  Ballroom Choreography  Commercial  Competition  Contemporary  Dance Team  Hip Hop  Jazz  Modern  Musical Theater  Tap  World Dance  Get The Look Fashion Beauty Style Lab  Your Body Body Buzz Fitness Health Mind Nutrition  Who’s Hot  You Should Know  Letter To Myself  Off the Record  Dancer’s Diary  Get A Job  Branch Out  The Dirt  Contact Us  Talk to Us Subscription Questions  Meet The Editors Intern at Dance Spirit Write for Dance Spirit  Get The Apps Home » Dancing Drake is All of Us in This Apple Music Commercial Dancing Drake is All of Us in This Apple Music Commercial Posted on November 21, 2016 by Margaret Fuhrer Tweet Yes, we already knew that Drake was the king of beautiful, turtleneck-sweatered grandpa dancing. But thank you, Apple Music, for revealing an even more endearing (how is that possible??) Drizzy factoid: Drake likes rocking out to Taylor Swift at the gym. As one does. As literally all of us do. Because DRAKE IS ALL OF US. Backing up for a second: You’ve seen the Apple Music commercial where T. Swift eats it on the treadmill while working out to Drake (tagline: “Apple Music: Distractingly good”). Well, yesterday, Apple released that ad’s soul mate, featuring Drake lip-syncing to “Bad Blood” and getting wayyyy down with his bad self in front of a gym mirror before eventually falling off a weight bench because he’s so in the moment. (Apple, we see you winking at the Taylor-Drake relationship rumors—and we like it. Those two crazy kids are probably trolling us, but even the thought of a #Draylor bestfriendship makes us all giddy.) Drake’s dance moves: never not funny! Want more Dance Spirit? Related About Margaret Fuhrer Margaret Fuhrer is Dance Spirit's editor in chief. View all posts by Margaret Fuhrer → This entry was posted in News and tagged Apple Music, Drake, Taylor Swift. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Additional Links Cover Model Search Advertising Info Intern at Dance Spirit Resources Performance Calendar College Guide Subscribe to a Magazine Dance Magazine Dance Retailer News Dance Spirit Dance Teacher Pointe Magazine College Guide Visit our sister sites Copyright © 2017 DanceMedia, LLC. All rights reserved. | Privacy Statement | Copyright Notice
printed January 6, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18420 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Apple to Replace Batteries On Some iPhone 6s Devices Article Comments  2   Nov 21, 2016, 8:13 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Apple will for free replace the battery on a small number of iPhone 6s smartphones that are experiencing power loss. "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down," said Apple on its web site. The phones shut down even when the battery shows that it is half full or more. The issue impacts a limited number of iPhone 6s handsets that were manufactured in September and October 2015. Owners of the iPhone 6s who believe their device may be experiencing the issue can bring it to a local Apple Store or authorized retail facility for evaluation. more info at Wall Street Journal » Related Apple Selling Refurbished iPhones Online Apple Refreshes Apple TV Remote App, Adds Siri Google Maps for iOS Gains Multiple-Stop Tool more Apple iPhone 6s news Apple iPhone 6s specs & features Apple iPhone 6s user reviews Apple news   Apple phones AD Comments This forum is closed. This forum is closed. No messages     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Cyber Monday Money This is how you can quadruple your Nectar points during Cyber Monday 2016 Earn bonus Nectar points on all your Cyber Monday shopping from Currys ASOS, Apple and more with Nectar's latest reward points promotion  Share  Comments ByMolly Holt 13:39, 28 NOV 2016 Updated13:41, 28 NOV 2016 Money Get double, triple and even quadruple nectar points simply by shopping at your favourite brands  Share  Comments Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Nectar has announced that its reward card holders can quadruple their Nectar points over Cyber Monday. Nectar card holders can pick up the additional points when shopping at a number of major retailers including Apple, House of Fraser, ASOS and Currys on Cyber Monday (November 28). To give your points balance a huge boost during the huge shopping event, all cardholders have to do is click through to all your favourite sites via Nectar.com. A full list of offers is available here. If you haven't got a Nectar card you can sign up online here, or download the Nectar app to your smartphone via iTunes or Google Play. How to claim bonus Nectar Points: Log in to Nectar.com and click "remember me now" (You must already have a Nectar card to see the deals available). Click on "collecting points" then select your category from the pink pop-up circle with the dots on. Select which brand you're after on the page and click "shop online". Read More Cyber Monday 2016 is here - and these are the best deals and top retailers taking part Where to get extra points on Cyber Monday: You could pick up a new iPad and get triple nectar points for it thanks to this deal Here's some of the top retailers where you can pick up bonus reward points from during Cyber Monday this year: Tech & Entertainment Cyber Monday: Earn triple points from Currys and Apple and double points will be on offer with Sky. Read More Where to find the best Xbox deals for Black Friday 2016 as the countdown begins, including bundles with Xbox games Home & Garden Cyber Monday: Get triple points on Currys, Lakeland and Dreams purchases. Read More Cyber Monday Deals What is Cyber Monday? Best fashion deals Best tech deals Best iPad deals Xbox One and PS4 Laptop deals Best TV deals Dell laptops Amazon Ryanair Tesco John Lewis Fashion & Beauty FeelUnique have a huge array of discounted beauty products, plus get triple Nectar points Cyber Monday: Quadruple points will be on offer with ASOS and Boohoo, and for our top picks of the Black Friday deals, see our ASOS and New Look Black Friday guides. Triple points will be on offer with Selfridges, FeelUnique, M&M Direct and Ted Baker. Gifts Cyber Monday: Triple points will be on offer with Not On The High Street, Groupon, Disney Store, Nike, Molton Brown and Red Letter Days. Double points will be on offer with Links of London and GHD. Read More Superdrug Black Friday deals: High street chain promises week of deals and price cuts for bargain hunters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Black Friday Apple Sainsbury's Asos Currys Group PLC House of Fraser PLC Nectar Cyber Monday Carphone Warehouse Sky Store New Look New Look Inc. Selfridges PLC Ted Baker PLC Groupon Disney Store GmbH Nike, Inc. Body Shop PLC Money all Most Read Most Recent New five pound noteCollectors are paying hundreds for new £5 note - but which ones are worth the most? As the new banknotes to come into circulation some with certain serial numbers are attracting sky-high prices Save moneySecrets of how to make the biggest savings revealed - and timing is everything The best time to book a holiday, do your weekly shop, buy a car and get your train tickets has been revealed eBayThis rare feature could make your £5 note worth £20,000 - how to check if you've got one A handful of limited edition notes stamped with a Jane Austen print have been released into circulation - and it's worth A LOT New pound coinWhat will happen to supermarket trolleys and vending machines when the new £1 coin is introduced? From October we won't be able to use old pound coins at all - this is how it will affect machines New YearTwo thirds of working families are 'just about managing' financially - here's what you can do about it One in five working households have less than £100 a month to spare after they've paid essential bills and one in three rely on their overdraft to get through - but you don't have to stand for a life in the red Black FridayThe secrets of bagging yourself the ultimate bargain whether there's a sale on or not You don't need a sale to get a great deal - much like not everything in the sales is a good deal - this is how to make sure you're getting all the money off you can Save moneySecrets of how to make the biggest savings revealed - and timing is everything The best time to book a holiday, do your weekly shop, buy a car and get your train tickets has been revealed EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... Legoland Windsor ResortLegoland 2017 deals: Get 26% off, kids go free plus how to find cheap tickets From flash 24 hour sales to 4 day holidays, stay tuned here for all the latest Legoland gossip Credit cardsBest 0% balance transfer cards If you're looking to move money to a 0% balance transfer credit card, these are the best options for lowest fees, longest 0% period and bad credit Most Read Most Recent CrimeFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska CrimeHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera shootingFlorida airport shooting: Five dead and eight others injured after gunman opens fire in baggage claim Suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, 26, allegedly shot at least 13 people at Florida's Fort Lauderdale Airport, killing five George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond PoliceLawyers for family of man shot dead by police on M62 'demand answers' in controversial Facebook posts Solicitors for the family of Mohammed Yassar Yaqub questioned whether he was killed in a 'pre-planned operation' or 'assassination' Donald TrumpVladimir Putin 'directed cyber hacking campaign to help Donald Trump win US presidential election' US intelligence agencies concluded Russia sought to help Trump by discrediting rival Hillary Clinton Prince HarryPrince Harry whisks girlfriend Meghan Markle away on first holiday together to see the Northern Lights The besotted royal, 32, flew American actress Meghan to the edge of the Arctic Circle where they watched the magnificent Aurora Borealis US ElectionBritish spies alerted America to Russia's cyber attack on US election GCHQ had prevented a breach of every Whitehall server in 2015, including the Home Office, Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence PerishersPerishers - th January 2017 Perishers originally ran from 1959 to 2006. The strip is still so popular today that we decided to reprint the best of the strips by Maurice Dodd and Dennis Collins Top Stories Tom JonesThe Voice star Tom Jones claims winner was too FAT to find chart success - and faces calls to be sacked Leanne Mitchell won the hit series back in 2012 and Sir Tom has said the size 14 singer lacked the drive to slim down George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz quizzed by cops for second time for five hours over tragic singer's final hours Fadi said police had been "amazing"  after two plain-clothed officers questioned him and took his statement George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death SnowBritain colder than Arctic Circle as snow forecast for next week Thermometers will start to rise across the country tomorrow with highs of around 10C (50F) in the south and 8C further north John F. KennedyWas Lee Harvey Oswald's killer Jack Ruby injected with cancer to stop him revealing who really shot JFK? This week marks the 50th anniversary of the death of Jack Ruby, who shot dead Oswald and carried his story to the grave CrimeFootage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera Court caseMan beat wife's head five times with lump hammer but 'didn't have the strength to finish her off' The prosecution claims Paul Bond, 62, turned the lights off and closed the curtains after the beating as he could not face the reality of what he did Carrie FisherFinal farewell for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds as family and friends say goodbye at private service Relatives and close friends of the stars gathered together to pay their respects AnimalsWoman left starving dogs to die in pain surrounded by faeces in "horrendous" case of animal neglect WARNING: Distressing content. Andrea Davies, 23, has been banned for life from keeping animals over her treatment of male crossbreed dogs Koda and Hachi HorsesTear-jerking moment heartbroken horse breaks down and cries at his owner's funeral The creature, Sereno, appears to be mourning the loss of his owner, who died in a motorcyle accident Mick PhilpottBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Apple Said to Abandon Development of Wireless Routers Apple Said to Abandon Development of Wireless Routers Nov 21, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Exiting the router business could make Apple’s product ecosystem less sticky. Copyright Getty Images Advertisement Apple Inc. (IW 500/2) has disbanded its division that develops wireless routers, another move to try to sharpen the company’s focus on consumer products that generate the bulk of its revenue, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV, said the people, who asked not to be named because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. Apple hasn’t refreshed its routers since 2013 following years of frequent updates to match new standards from the wireless industry. The decision to disband the team indicates the company isn’t currently pushing forward with new versions of its routers. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on the company’s plans. Popular Now Five Ways to Optimize Supply Chain Management Tweet-Happy Trump's Latest Target: Toyota How to Build More Impactful Centers of Excellence Routers are access points that connect laptops, iPhones and other devices to the web without a cable. Apple currently sells three wireless routers, the AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, and AirPort Time capsule. The Time capsule doubles as a backup storage hard drive for Mac computers. The products, which cost $99, $199, and $299, respectively, make up a small slice of Apple’s revenue and are part of Apple’s “other products” category on its financial statements. The category, which includes the Apple Watch and Apple TV, generated $11.1 billion in fiscal 2016, or about 5% of total sales. Exiting the router business could make Apple’s product ecosystem less sticky. Some features of the AirPort routers, including wireless music playback, require an Apple device like an iPhone or Mac computer. If the company no longer sells wireless routers, some may have a reason to use other phones and PCs. The core of the technology in routers comes from chipmakers such as Broadcom Ltd. that advance Wi-Fi technology through developing the fundamental components. While router makers can differentiate the design of their products, the number of antennas and the software that controls them, they are reliant on advances first made by chipmakers to be able to offer new, higher-performing models. Boon for Wireless Router Makers Apple’s AirPorts have historically lagged behind those of companies such as D-Link Corp., Netgear Inc. and Belkin International Inc., which have rushed to adopt new standards. Apple, which has charged more for its routers, has focused more on integrating control of its devices into its computer operating system and industrial design. The company’s decision to leave the business may be a boon for other wireless router makers. Earlier this year, Apple stopped making its own external monitors and in October introduced a new strategy by selling new high-resolution screens for professional users with LG Electronics Inc. By Mark Gurman Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Apple Wants OLED in iPhones, But Most Suppliers Aren't Ready Yet From GE to Apple, Fresh Pledges for Diversity in Trump Era Apple Holiday Forecast Disappoints, Especially With Samsung’s Troubles On the Journey to a Smart Manufacturing Revolution Fiat Chrysler CEO Flirts With Samsung in Hunt for Tech Partner THE LATEST Next Generation Lean: Why Lean Too Often Requires a Leap of Faith The Toughest Challenges of IoT Are Not the Technology US Factory Orders End Four-month Winning Streak Lean and Continuous Improvement: 2016 Was a Very Good Year Apple Bosses See Pay Drop in 2016 as CEO Reaps $145 Million Grid in 'Imminent Danger' From Cyber Threats, Energy Report Says More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 2, 2017 Article IndustryWeek Mentoring and Technology Offer a Healthy Outlook for J&J 1 Kathy Wengel leads J&J's supply chain through a technology transformation while raising the profile of women in leadership roles....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek US Steel to Restart Idled Plant, Call Back 202 Employees Stanley Black & Decker to Buy Sears' Craftsman Brand for $900 Million Not Dead Yet: 10 Manufacturers of Obsolete Products Tweet-Happy Trump's Latest Target: Toyota Solar Panels Now So Cheap Manufacturers Likely Selling at a Loss IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Bloomberg: Apple disbands its router unit, stops developing AirPort wireless appliances By Christian Zibreg, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 21 Comments Apple has quietly “disbanded” its router hardware division and reassigned employees to work on more lucrative products that account for the vast majority of the company’s revenue, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman reported Monday citing people familiar with the matter. The company last updated the AirPort-branded Wi-Fi accessories back in 2013 with support for the speedy 802.11ac wireless standard. “Apple began shutting down the wireless router team over the past year, dispersing engineers to other product development groups, including the one handling the Apple TV,” reads the report. The decision to disband the team indicates Apple won’t be updating AirPort products any longer. An Apple spokeswoman declined comment. Revenue from sales of AirPort products is lumped in with revenue from “Other” products like the Apple Watch, Apple TV, Apple Music and more. The “Other” category generated $11.1 billion in fiscal 2016, or about five percent of Apple’s total sales. Apple used to produce three Wi-Fi gadgets: the $99 AirPort Express and $199 AirPort Extreme routers and the $299/$399 AirPort Time Capsule which combines router functionality with a server-grade 2TB/3TB hard drive with support for Time Machine. Apple also recently exited the external computer monitor business and now sells LG’s new high-resolution 4K and 5K screens. If I were a betting man, I’d say that Apple might actually add AirPort functionality to a next-generation Apple TV considering some of the employees who worked on AirPort hardware are now on the Apple TV team. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple wants to offer rentals for movies that just came out in theaters Bloomberg: Apple plans to use drones and new indoor navigation features to improve Maps Panel suppliers struggling to meet Apple’s large order volume for OLED iPhones Apple teams up with homebuilders on integrating HomeKit devices Related Topics AirPort, AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme, Apple, Bloomberg, News, Rumors, Wi-Fi Casey H. I have been patiently waiting for them to update the airport express particularly. Guess I’ll have to move on to something else. Kevin Paterson Do you have particular brands in mind which are comparable? I’m looking for routers too Nuff Said Comparable? It wasn’t even that good. Get a netgear. Casey H. I’ve been using a couple ASUS routers for the last couple years and they are ok. The problem I have is that devices don’t hand off from one ap to another in my house. Mr_Coldharbour So, no more Apple Cinema Displays (monitors), no more AirPort routers, no more pro machines…Apple has dumbed itself down to just iPhones, iPads and accessories (i.e. Dongles). When Steve Jobs said that Apple risked “holding on to old paradigms,” axing everything that wasn’t an iDevice or a super-light and thin and dumbed down version of what a great machine should be was NOT what he had in mind. What a damn shame. Alex Wilson Apple. Think different, think dongles! Sebastien The AirPort Extreme was arguably my least favorite Apple product. It was noisy and performances were very subpar. It also plagued me with random wifi loss for months. Everything went fine again when I put money into a Netgear router, a company that actually makes routers for a living. Discontinuing this line of product makes sense, just like it made sense when Apple casually mentioned they wouldn’t make external displays anymore. Focus! Alex Wilson Yes must focus on watch bands. Surely a company of Apple’s size can handle multiple product developments at once, well they used to be able to do that but alas the proof that Steve Jobs is really gone is at our door step. But hey at least we got a really expensive table top book! 🙁 TechnoBuff I second that view. Personally i think this is one of their least profiit generating lines.. There are better routers out there. This is a wise move on apple’s part Because Apple is a big company does not mean they have to waste money on a product line that isnt generating enough profit. Icisz Excellent point. I would love to hear which model you recommend Sebastian (for wifi and say, time machine backups) etc. I always had excellent performance from my most recent AirPort Extreme, something I’m not thrilled about moving away from, but clearly if it makes sense for them to focus on other things, so be it. Having never had any major issues with my Apple routers for well over a decade (a couple different models over that time) it makes me a little nervous wondering what I will do when it’s time to upgrade the iMac next year. As far as the cinema displays go: no brainer. Lg has had a long relationship with Apple and it’s displays- Lg’s offerings are just as relevant as what Apple did with them in the past. Sans the logo: we have amazing offerings in the independent display marketplace, all at pretty affordable prices. Alan Aurmont Was to be expected. Obviously they are working on the Google Home competitor, which will include all of the AirPort features. No need to panic. Alex Wilson Maybe. They are playing catch up once again if they are even trying. How long ago did a freaking online Department store out innovate them with Alexa? Getting beat by Amazon, what an embarrassment. Alex Wilson One would think with a company with all the money Apple has they could produce and outstanding product, but it seems it was always style over function. As smart as Apple used to be, it would appear they have lost their way and the top employees to produce top notch products to support the Apple infrastructure. Apple has become an i device company; the Mac division is lacking innovation and “courage” the accessory division is being cut off of funding and staff as well as any products. Does the Board not see where Tim is taking the company? Where is the innovation? The creativity and the new products. Oh Boy wireless ear pods, a watch, give me a freaking break. IMHO Apple is losing. Sitting at a meeting last week looking around I saw a hell of a lot more Surface devices the iPads, still more iPhones though, but not as many as I used to see. Hopefully the Board wises up one day soon and sees the company has lost it’s edge and creative drive. John Smith Another thing Apple was known for was Quality over Quantity. They don’t have that either anymore. Icisz Well your entitled to your opinion Alex, but where exactly is Tim taking the company that isn’t in line with what it used to do. The innovation is in pushing a technology to its max (which they still do well) and frankly Apple is not really “losing” on anything. Ok so they are not perfect. No company is but one look at patents they submit gives you an idea of what they are working on- and it is more than air pods lol. They don’t ride pine all day smoking legal cannabis wondering what’s next. If using turducken Pc tablets appeals to the business world, that speaks more to Pc being used in business more than build quality or anything else, but again, my opinion. Frankly what the board knows and what we know are two very different things, and to assume they are somehow any less successful now than under jobs is way too overstated. The fact that other companies have pulled up thier socks is a good thing, and until I see something really, I mean really profound come from the industry, and specifically Microsoft, Apple has a long way to go down before your statement would have significant meaning. burge Apple TV 5 will have this built in along with always on hay Siri. ProllyWild This is very possible since they’ve already worked on making iPads and Apple TV hubs to a degree Oscar “hay Siri” where’s my horse? hehe Bill Neigh. Rikky14 yea – except they lost their edge there by leaving 4K and HDR out of the AppleTV 4 while Roku and Amazon built it in. Another example of missing the boat. More and more 4K content and Apple is on the outside looking in. burge Apparently it’s in the tv 4 and a software update is all it might need to enabled this. Apple did that with the TV 2 and Bluetooth. That was enabled after the TV 3 came out and that didn’t have enabled on release it was around 6 months later.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple executives miss out on cash incentives as company falls short of sales goals   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null


SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Sponsor Story: Read this before you buy Apple stock Forget your iPhone. This Apple rumor is “10x bigger.” Post to Facebook Read this before you buy Apple stock Forget your iPhone. This Apple rumor is “10x bigger.”  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fKx1jk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Story from Read this before you buy Apple stock Austin Smith, for Motley Fool 9:01 a.m. ET Nov. 21, 2016 Story provided and presented by Motley Fool Apple is devoting time and resources to a secret project. Could investors capitalize? (Photo: Motley Fool) Don’t even think about buying or selling a single share of Apple stock until you’ve seen this special report. We’ve gathered a mountain of evidence that all points to the same unmistakable conclusion: Apple just launched an insanely ambitious super-secret project. And according to one expert this technology will be so transformative that it will be the key that "enables us to redesign our cities and, by extension, civilization." Yes, Apple bears are worried about slowing iPhone sales. But it’s no exaggeration to say that this technology has the potential to radically shape our world. And Apple just made a $10 billion play to get in early. Can Apple really pull this moonshot off? Simply click here to decide for yourself. I’ve laid out everything I’ve uncovered about this top secret project in a FREE report. The time to take advantage of this information is before it makes it to the front page of every newspaper. Simply click here to grab your FREE copy today. Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Story from The Motley Fool. <!--iframe--> Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fKx1jk Motley Fool This stock could be like buying Netflix in 2004 Dec 28, 2016 More Stories from Motley Fool Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy Sponsor story The sneaky way to profit from Apple Sponsor story This stock could be bigger than Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Sponsor story 5 ETFs to keep you invested after retirement Sponsor story
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK November rain — Apple to replace iPhone 6S batteries in some handsets due to shutdown flaw Apple says the recall does not represent a safety issue. Tom Mendelsohn (UK) - Nov 21, 2016 1:58 pm UTC Andrew Cunningham reader comments 72 Share this story Apple has promised to replace the batteries in what it says are "a very small number" of iPhone 6S handsets that have suffered sudden shutdowns. Over the weekend, the company confirmed rumours coming out of China that some customers were seeing their phones unceremoniously switch off. Further ReadingApple will fix iPhone 6 Plus “touch disease” at a cost of nearly £150 Unlike the battery problems with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which saw some handsets unexpectedly go up in flames, Apple has insisted that its iPhone 6S recall doesn't represent "a safety issue." The affected phones, it said, all come from a "limited" range of serial numbers, which were manufactured in September and October 2015. Apple declined to comment when quizzed by Ars about how many iPhone 6S handsets had been affected by the shutdown flaw. It also refused to reveal the range of serial numbers that are subject to the recall. Customers have been told to either visit an Apple store or an authorised third-party service provider—though not those belonging to mobile networks—to get their serial number checked free of charge, to determine whether their iPhone 6S should be recalled. Alternatively, Apple said people can contact its customer support service. The replacement won't cost anything, but Apple did say that if a customer's "iPhone 6S has any damage such as a cracked screen which impairs the replacement of the battery, that issue will need to be resolved prior to the battery replacement. In some cases, there may be a cost associated with the repair." It's understood that the sudden shutdown kicks in once battery charge drops to between 50 and 60 percent—a glitch first identified by the China Consumers Association, which asked Apple to investigate the problem last week. Further ReadingSamsung doesn’t want to pay for fire damage from the Galaxy Note 7 Meanwhile, just last week, Apple said it would replace the screens of any iPhone 6 Plus handsets that had been afflicted by the so-called "touch disease" for the reduced price of just under £150. This problem manifested itself in an unresponsive touch screen, or a flickering display, supposedly as a result of "being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device." In both cases, users who have already paid to replace their battery or paid full whack for a new screen can apply to Apple for a refund. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Tom Mendelsohn Tom is Ars Technica UK's Contributing Sub Editor. Descriptivist, not prescriptivist. Email tom.mendelsohn@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @Tom_Mendelsohn reader comments 72 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsCelebrate The Best Startups At TechCrunch's Annual Awards Show This February Get Your Tickets Now Gadgets Apple New Years 2017 was the biggest App Store day ever with $240M in purchases Apple joins SoftBank’s Vision Fund with $1 billion investment Fam lets you do group videochats directly within iMessage Browse more... airport express airport Google Asks “Why Fly Private When You Can Fly Private – Out Of Your Own $82M Airport?” Shareport: A Cracked Version Of Apple's Airplay That Doesn't Discriminate Apple's new AirPort Extreme with simultaneous WiFi mode Browse more... Apple reportedly won’t make AirPort WiFi routers anymore Posted Nov 21, 2016 by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story ZTE’s Axon 7 gets a variant with improved specs and Force Touch Apple has been releasing new WiFi routers every now and then since 1999. While the AirPort Express and AirPort Extreme could use an update, don’t hold your breath for it. According to a new report from Bloomberg, the company has disbanded the team that was working on wireless routers. Engineers are now working on other projects. The AirPort product line probably doesn’t drive a lot of revenue, and it looks like Apple would rather focus on its more popular products. The company has done the same thing with other products, relying on third-party manufacturers for external displays. And yet, it’s still a bit sad that Apple isn’t going to try new things when it comes to WiFi routers. The first AirPort Express in particular is one of my favorites. It was a tiny device that you would plug directly into an outlet. It has three ports, an Ethernet port for internet connectivity, a USB port for a hard drive or a printer, and a headphone jack to plug in your speakers. After that, you could play songs in iTunes and stream them to your speakers in the other room. Your computer wasn’t using Bluetooth — Bluetooth was nowhere near as good when it comes to music streaming in 2004. Your computer would stream lossless audio files, and the AirPort Express had a tiny digital-to-analog converter. Back then, Apple called this technology AirTunes. And it paved the way to AirPlay, the popular video and audio streaming protocol on your Apple TV, Mac and iOS device. Apple also put a hard drive into your WiFi router with the Time Capsule. This way, you could back up your data using Time Machine but you wouldn’t have to plug a hard drive to your laptop. The integration was so seamless that it made you forget about backups. Again, that was before iCloud and Dropbox was just getting started. Now that companies like Eero and Google with the Google Wifi are trying to make wireless routers interesting again, Apple had two possibilities. The company could either invest to make a new iteration of the AirPort devices, or it could pull out of this market. It looks Apple chose the latter. Featured Image: Jared C. Benedict/Wikimedia Commons UNDER A CC BY-SA 2.0 LICENSE 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Medium in the Hot Seat | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes airport express airport Apple Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories DJI Opens its Wallet for Hasselblad | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:53 | Crunch Report A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 1 hour ago | Lucas Matney Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ 4 hours ago | Kate Conger WikiLeaks mulls building a dox database of verified Twitter users 5 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Theranos slashes another 41 percent of its workforce 6 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From Gadgets Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago | John Biggs Blitab is a Braille device for visually impaired people 3 hours ago | Romain Dillet The Markforged Metal X prints real metal parts 5 hours ago | John Biggs LEGO’s new Boost blocks let little kids learn to program 5 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next ZTE’s Axon 7 gets a variant with improved specs and Force Touch Posted Nov 21, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Software Developer for Humanitarian Health Technology at Vecna Cares Charitable Trust (Boston, MA, United States) B2B Marketing Manager, SaaS at Qualer (San Diego, CA, United States) Senior Software Developer at American Physical Society (Ridge, NY, United States) Senior Data Engineer at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry 4 hours ago by Josh Constine A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 1 hour ago by Lucas Matney A view from Andreessen Horowitz on the questions shaping the future of autonomous vehicles 4 hours ago by Frank Chen The billion-dollar pharma startup that Silicon Valley has totally missed 7 hours ago by Connie Loizos Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago by John Biggs Polaroid’s Pop returns the brand to its iconic instant format 25 minutes ago by Brian Heater Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ 4 hours ago by Kate Conger Munro Motor launches retro-style e-moped 6 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps Hands-on with Nvidia’s new 4K HDR-streaming Shield with Android TV yesterday by Darrell Etherington The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise 3 hours ago by Brian Heater
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Watch the new Apple Music commercial featuring Drake singing along to Taylor Swirt Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple last night rolled out a brand new ad for Apple Music featuring none other than Drake. That Apple managed to snag Drake for its latest ad shouldn’t come as much of a surprise given the rapper’s already close relationship with Apple’s music arm. In fact, you might even remember that Drake helped introduce, albeit somewhat awkwardly, Apple Music when it was first unveiled last year. DON’T MISS: Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday The current Apple Music ad begins with Drake intensely pumping some iron while listening to some rap music. As his lifting partner exits, the two enthusiastically exclaim, “No mercy!” Once Drake is alone, he swiftly takes out his iPhone and switches things up with a curated Apple Music pop playlist. After selecting Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood”, Drake gets his swerve on, starts dancing and tries to throw up 225 on the bench press. Of course, not everything goes as smoothly as Drake intends. The commercial, which uses the familiar tagline Distractingly Good, carries a similar theme to a previous Apple Music ad featuring Taylor Swift. In that particular ad, Swift is running on a treadmill while singing Drake’s “Jumpman” before she gets caught up in the music and falls flat on her face. The new Apple Music ad can be viewed below. Now as for how Apple Music is doing overall as a standalone service, well, that’s hard to say. Apple’s streaming service is certainly growing at a respectable clip, with Apple last indicating that it had 17 million subscribers. Spotify, however, continues to grow faster than Apple Music, with Spotify CEO Daniel Ek all but stating that his company now boasts more than 40 million paying subscribers. Trending right now: Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday Pokemon Sun and Moon guide: How to catch every Legendary Pokemon Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
